American Airlines Group Inc. 

NasdaqGS:AAL
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, April 30, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

(2.36)

-

NM

(8.12)

(13.67)

1.66

Revenue  (mm)

9011.45

8515.00

(5.51 %)

1890.97

25051.64

39953.86

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-27-2020 9:05 AM GMT

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.79

1.40

1.16

(2.36)

1.82

1.42

1.15

-

1.68 %

1.43 %

(0.86 %)

NM

COPYRIGHT © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Alison Taylor
Chief Customer Officer

Daniel Cravens
Managing Director of Investor
Relations

Derek J. Kerr
Executive VP & CFO

Elise R. Eberwein
Senior Advisor

Robert D. Isom
President

Vasu Raja

Joseph DeNardi

Michael John Linenberg
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Myles Alexander Walton
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

ATTENDEES

William Douglas Parker
Chairman & CEO

Alison Sider;The Wall Street
Journal

ANALYSTS

Edward Russell;The Points Guy

Andrew George Didora
BofA Securities, Research Division

Kyle Arnold;The Dallas Morning
News

Leslie Josephs;CNBC

Mary
Schlangenstein;Bloomberg
News

David Scott Vernon
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Duane Thomas Pfennigwerth
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Hunter Kent Keay
Wolfe Research, LLC

Jamie Nathaniel Baker
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the American Airlines Group First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. Today's
conference call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to turn the conference over to your moderator, Managing Director of Investor Relations,
Mr. Dan Cravens. Please go ahead, sir.

Daniel Cravens
Managing Director of Investor Relations

Thanks, Cindy. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the American Airlines Group First Quarter 2020
Earnings Conference Call. With us in the room this morning, we have Doug Parker, our Chairman and
CEO; Robert Isom, our President; and Derek Kerr, our Chief Financial Officer. Also on the call for our Q&A
session are several of our senior execs, including Maya Leibman, Chief Information Officer; Steve Johnson,
our EVP of Corporate Affairs; Don Casey, our Senior Vice President of Revenue Management; and Vasu
Raja, our Senior VP of Network Planning.

The focus of today's call will be our response to COVID-19. Like we normally do, Doug will start the call
with an overview of our quarter and the actions we're taking. Robert will then follow with commentary
about our team members, customers and network. Derek will then walk us through the details on our
fleet, cost outlook and liquidity. And then after we hear from those comments, we'll hear -- or we will open
the call for analyst questions and lastly, questions from the media. [Operator Instructions]

Before we begin, we must state that today's call does contain forward-looking statements, including
statements concerning future revenues, costs, forecast of capacity, fleet plans and liquidity. These
statements represent our predictions and expectations as to future events, but numerous risks and
uncertainties could cause actual results to differ from those projected. Information about some of these
risks and uncertainties can be found in our earnings release that was issued this morning, along with our
Form 10-Q as of March 31, 2020.

In addition, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures this morning, which exclude the
impact of unusual items. A reconciliation to those numbers to the GAAP financial measures is included in
the earnings release, and that can be found on our website. A webcast of this will also be archived on our
website and the information that we're giving you on the call is as of today's date, and we undertake no
obligation to update the information subsequently.

So thanks again for joining us. At this point, I'll turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Doug Parker.

William Douglas Parker
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Dan. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us. Before I go to the numbers, I want to
offer a few thoughts on the challenging times that we and our entire industry are facing.

The spirit and efforts of the American Airlines team during this crisis have been nothing short of
extraordinary. The human and economic toll of COVID-19 has been enormous. And like others, we've lost
members of our own team, and our hearts are heavy for their families, friends and coworkers.

But in the face of this great loss, the American team continues to rise to the challenge and meet the
needs of our customers and the communities we serve. They're putting on their uniforms every day and
transporting first responders to where they're most needed and other Americans to where they feel most
safe. Our team members are frontline heroes in this battle, and they are what makes American great. So
on behalf of the entire leadership team, I want to thank our team from what they continue to do every
day.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Turning to this quarter's results. By far, the most important recent event for our industry's long-term
viability has been the passage of the CARES Act, which provides up to $50 billion of much needed liquidity
to U.S. airlines. This unprecedented assistance recognizes the value that commercial airlines provide to
our country. It is designed to keep our hardworking team members employed and ready to serve the
flying public whenever we start moving again. So I want to again thank the administration and Congress
for their exceptional support of airlines and our employees.

And I think it's important to note that this would not have been possible without a tremendous amount of
work and advocacy on behalf of airlines and our team members. So I'd like to also thank Nick Calio and
his team at A4A as well as my fellow A4A CEOs: Ed Bastian, Robin Hayes, Peter Ingram, Gary Kelly, Oscar
Munoz and Brad Tilden. We work in an intensely competitive business, but in response to this crisis, we
pulled together to save our industry and save jobs, and I'm proud to have been a part of it.

We also had great support from our team members and the unions they represent. So I'd like to also
publicly thank all of our American Airlines union leaders as well as those who represent other airline
employees. We absolutely could not have gotten this done without their leadership and a joint desire from
all of us to fight for our team.

So as important as the CARES Act is, it certainly doesn't solve everything. CARES provides the industry
the breathing room we need to manage through the worst parts of the crisis and to pay our team
members that we otherwise would have needed to furlough. But it does not fix the core problem that all
of us have, which is revenue generation. Industry revenues have fallen an estimated 95% year-over-year
in April. And while no one has a perfect crystal ball, I think we all expect that recovery will be slow and
demand for air travel will be suppressed for quite some time.

So in this environment, there are 3 critical issues that any airline must manage: First, ensuring the safety
and comfort of the team members and customers; second, maintaining ample liquidity to ride through a
sustained crisis; and third, planning for an uncertain future. We at American are taking aggressive steps in
each regard. I'll provide a quick overview, and then Robert and Derek will provide more detail on each.

First, as it relates to safety, we dramatically increased the frequency and intensity of our aircraft cleaning.
We're limiting seat sales on every flight, including not allowing half of the main cabin middle seats to be
assigned. We've reduced food and beverage service on planes to limit contact with others. As of May 1, we
will begin the gradual ramp-up of providing customers with PPE kits, which include masks and sanitizing
wipes as well as requiring our flight attendants to wear mask in-flight.

Turning to liquidity. These efforts for all airlines come in 2 sets of initiatives: raising cash and conserving
cash. On the first, American's absolute liquidity position is very strong. We ended the first quarter with
$6.8 billion in liquidity, and American's share of the CARES Act proceeds is $10.6 billion, which results in
$17.4 billion when you combine our quarter-end liquidity and CARES Act access. And importantly, outside
of our recently arranged $1 billion 364-day delayed draw term loan, we do not have any meaningful non-
aircraft debt amortization payments for more than 2 years.

So we feel confident with that level of liquidity, but in this uncertain environment, we'll continue looking
for additional sources. We have more than $10 billion of unencumbered assets at our disposal. And that
excludes the value of our AAdvantage program. Our plan is to first work with the Treasury Department to
secure our CARES Act loan of $4.75 billion at attractive rates and then explore other initiatives as needed
from there.

As to conserving cash, Derek will describe our initiatives in more detail. We've enacted a comprehensive
cash conservation plan to eliminate all unnecessary operating and capital expenditures. We expect this
will reduce our daily cash burn rate from an expected average of $70 million per day in the second quarter
to approximately $50 million a day for the month of June. As a result of all that, we expect to end this
quarter with approximately $11 billion of liquidity and a significant amount of unencumbered assets still in
place. And that forecast assumes little to no increase in demand for air travel throughout the quarter.

Third, and perhaps the most difficult thing for airlines to do at this time, is to properly plan for the future.
We're using this opportunity to make our airline stronger in a number of ways, and we expect to emerge

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

a more efficient and more streamlined airline. And to do that most efficiently, we need to begin making
decisions soon about how large an airline we want to run in the summer of 2021 and beyond. As you all
know, things like aircraft availability, pilot training and maintenance programs do not have short planning
horizons. That's always been an issue in our business. But today, those capacity plans are severely
complicated by the extreme uncertainty regarding the anticipated level of demand for air travel, not just
for the next few months, but for the next few years.

So we at American decided to err on the side of being smaller than we might like rather than larger. As
Derek will describe, and as our first quarter financials indicate, we made the decision to retire our entire
757, 767 and A330-300 and Embraer 190 fleet as well as certain regional aircraft. These decisions alone
will reduce our 2021 fleet count by approximately 100 aircraft versus our prior plans, and we'll continue to
assess further reductions as we move forward.

So in conclusion for me, these are unprecedented times for our world, our country and our industry. The
uncertainty about the future weighs on everyone and for a good reason. There's no way to overstate the
gravity of the situation for the airline industry and difficult decisions lie ahead for all of us. But in the end,
the leadership that got us through the CARES Act process will be the leadership that gets us through the
coming months and years, leaders who understand the importance and the nobility of what our people do
and, therefore, work selflessly in support of them and side-by-side with them.

I'm confident our industry will fight through this successfully, and I'm particularly confident that American
Airlines will be among those leading the way. I am humbled and honored to be a part of the American
Airlines team, and I'm incredibly proud to stand alongside them today and into the future.

With that, I will turn it over to Robert.

Robert D. Isom
President

Thanks, Doug, and good morning, everyone. As Doug said, the downturn in demand for air travel has
been dramatic and unlike anything we've ever experienced. Across the industry, cancellations have rapidly
outpaced new bookings. While we have faced dire circumstances in the past, the American team has
always persevered, and I'm confident we'll do so again.

The safety of our team members and customers is paramount. We are taking a proactive approach to
ensure that our team is safe by reducing contact points, providing personal protective equipment like face
masks and gloves and provisioning sanitizer and wipes. These steps are critical to ensure our team feels
safe and can instill that confidence in our customers as well. Like Doug, I'm humbled by our team's spirit
and proud to stand by them in these challenging times.

American continues to provide critical air service to those who need to travel during the pandemic.
From the outset, we have met or exceeded CDC guidelines, and we'll continue to coordinate with public
health officials on all health and safety requirements. To enhance our already thorough cleaning process,
we've implemented additional safety measures to ensure aircraft cleanliness and to accommodate social
distancing. Specifically, we are enhancing our cleaning procedures through expanded fogging on board and
the use of EPA-approved disinfectant in high-touch areas. On board, this includes everything from bins
and galleys to tray tables, arm rests and seatbelt buckles. In airports, it includes the gate areas, ticket
counters as well as other areas frequented by our customers and team members.

We've also purchased face masks for frontline team members and made them required for flight
attendants starting May 1. And we have started distributing sanitizing wipes or gels and face masks to
customers. This will expand on all flights as supplies and operational conditions allow. And to that end,
American Airlines strongly encourages customers to wear face masks when they travel.

Additionally, we have temporarily relaxed our seating policies and adjusted our airport procedures.
Through May 31, American will limit the number of passengers on each aircraft. We will not assign 50% of
the main cabin middle seats on every flight, and we'll use those seats only when necessary. Our team will
also reassign seats to create more space between customers or to accommodate families who need to be

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

seated together. We're also using stanchions to encourage social distancing at gates, ticket counters, and
we've reduced onboard food and beverage service to limit contact.

To give customers as much peace of mind as possible when it comes to planning travel, we've extended
waivers to anyone who has travel occurring through the end of September, allowing them to change
plans and travel through December 2021 without incurring any change fees. Additionally, we have waived
change fees for customers who purchased new tickets by May 31, 2020, for future travel. And for our
corporate customers, we've introduced more flexible travel waivers and free name changes.

We recognize the interruption of travel for most people, so we're making it easier for our customers to
earn AAdvantage Elite status this year. And we've extended 2020 AAdvantage status into early 2022 for
all members. Additionally, we have extended all paid Admirals Club memberships by 6 months. We remain
committed to making sure that our customers are able to fly when they want to fly, they feel safe and
comfortable even in these extraordinary times.

We've adjusted our network to meet drastically lower levels of demand, taking swift action to rightsize our
schedule with systemized capacity cuts and flight consolidations across our network. We've also delayed
entering several new markets planned for launch later this year. New service between Austin and DFW,
Christchurch and Los Angeles, Bangalore and Seattle will all be pushed into 2021. In addition, we have
delayed the start of other new routes, including London Heathrow to Boston, Tel Aviv to Dallas/Fort Worth,
Casablanca to Philadelphia and Krakow to Chicago.

While we have reduced our schedule dramatically, we have started operating cargo-only flights in March to
transport critical goods between the U.S., Europe, Asia and Latin America. These are the first cargo-only
flights American has operated since at least 1984. We are currently able to transport more than 6.5 million
pounds of critical goods weekly on our cargo-only flights, and we'll look to further opportunities to expand
this service and bring medical supplies and protective gear to the areas that are most in need.

While we continue to provide essential air service to those who need it most right now, our team has also
extended their service outside the operation. Team members have donated more than 100 tons of food
in several of our hub cities, distributed thousands of supply kits to patients and health care workers, and
sent care packages to U.S. military members in quarantine. In addition, through our partnership with the
American Red Cross, our team and customers have helped raise nearly $3 million to support our frontline
health care workers fighting COVID-19.

So in closing, we're squarely focused on getting through this period of uncertainty and we're closely
managing our capacity and costs while taking care of our team members and customers. We're going to
have more to share in the coming months as we ramp up our operation post-COVID-19.

And with that, I'll pass it on to Derek.

Derek J. Kerr
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Robert, and good morning, everyone. I, too, would like to thank our entire team for doing an
amazing job during these uncertain times. Their dedication and determination to get through this crisis is
inspiring for all of us.

As you saw in our press release and Form 10-Q this morning, we reported a GAAP net loss of $2.2
billion or $5.26 per share. Excluding net special items, we reported a net loss of $1.1 billion or $2.65
per share. We began the quarter on-track to exceed our guidance, however, the COVID-19 pandemic
and unprecedented drop in demand during March radically changed our outlook. Given the unpredictable
nature of this event, we suspended our guidance for all of 2020.

In light of the current environment, our sole focus is to ensure we have sufficient liquidity. To withstand
this crisis, we have driven efficiencies in our operation by accelerating our fleet simplification plan, and
aligning our cost structure to our significantly lower capacity levels. We will continue to match capacity
with demand and optimize our cost to our level of flying and identify additional ways to improve our cash
burn rate moving forward.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

As Doug mentioned, the significant falloff in demand has given us an opportunity to accelerate our long-
term fleet strategy. We have officially retired the Embraer 190 and Boeing 767 fleets, which were originally
scheduled to exit by the end of 2020. We have also accelerated the retirement of our Boeing 757s and
Airbus A330-300s. Both fleets were expected to retire over the next few years. In addition, we have
removed a number of smaller regional aircraft from our fleet.

By removing these fleet types, we avoid significant future maintenance expense, remove complexity from
our operation and bring forward the efficiencies associated with operating fewer aircraft types. These
savings include reduced aircraft sparing, reduced parts inventories and crew scheduling efficiencies, all of
which will have a significant effect on our cost structure going forward. Even with these changes, we retain
the flexibility to pursue efficient growth through increased utilization or further reduce our fleet to match
demand across our system and hubs.

We have reduced our estimated 2020 operating and capital expenditures by more than $12 billion. In
addition to lower fuel, these savings have been achieved through a wide range of initiatives, including
reductions in flying and heavy maintenance expenses. Beyond just volume-related reductions, we have
taken a hard line on discretionary expenditures. Specifically, we have deferred marketing events and
training expenses, consolidated our footprint at airport facilities, and reduced the use of contractors. We
have also suspended all nonessential hiring, paused noncontract pay increases, reduced executive and
Board compensation, and implemented voluntary leave and early retirement programs to lower our near-
term and long-term labor costs. While we have done a lot to address our near-term costs, we will continue
to take the necessary steps to rightsize our cost structure for the lower levels of capacity we expect in the
near future.

Finally, on liquidity, we've moved quickly to preserve and bolster our cash position. We ended the quarter
with $6.8 billion in liquidity. During the first quarter, we raised $2 billion through the issuance of a $500
million unsecured note, a $1 billion 364-day delayed draw term loan facility and approximately $477
million in aircraft financings. We were also able to reduce the pricing of our $1.2 billion term loan and
extend it out until 2027.

During the quarter, we also finalized the initial terms of the financial assistance we will receive as part of
the CARES Act. This will come in 2 forms: direct financial assistance of $4.1 billion, and a low interest rate
loan of $1.7 billion. Separately, we have applied for a loan from the Treasury Department of approximately
$4.75 billion. These funds as well as relief on various taxes, including fuel tax savings, payroll tax
deferment and ticket-related taxes, will provide much-needed support for us to navigate this extraordinary
environment.

As Doug referenced, we ended the quarter at $6.8 billion liquidity and American's shares of the CARES Act
proceeds is $10.6 billion, which results in $17.4 billion when you combine our quarterly ending liquidity
and CARES Act access. Importantly, outside of our recently arranged $1 billion 364-day delayed draw term
loan, we do not have any large non-aircraft debt maturities for more than 24 months.

We also have additional sources of liquidity. We recently engaged third-party appraisers to evaluate
some of the company's unencumbered assets. Based on these appraisals, we believe the value of our
unencumbered assets is in excess of $10 billion, excluding the loyalty program. And we expect to pledge a
portion of our assets for the secured loan we have applied for under the CARES Act.

With respect to capital expenditures, we currently have committed financing for nearly all of our
2020 deliveries. Beyond this, we have removed $500 million from our projected non-aircraft capital
spend planned in 2020 and another $200 million in 2021. We'll continue to aggressively pursue other
opportunities to conserve cash and working capital. As for cash burn, our average estimated second
quarter burn rate is expected to be approximately $70 million per day. However, as our cost initiatives
gain traction, our daily cash burn is expected to decline over time. We expect that burn rate to improve
to approximately $50 million per day for the month of June. Based on our current forecast, we expect to
have approximately $11 billion of liquidity at the end of the second quarter, which assumes no incremental
financing beyond the government loan and little to no increase in demand for air travel. In accordance
with the CARES Act, we have suspended our capital return program, including share repurchases and the
payment of future dividends.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

In summary, we are facing a challenge like -- that is like -- unlike anything we have ever seen. In a short
period of time, our team did a phenomenal job taking costs out of the business and increasing liquidity.
I couldn't be more proud of what they have all accomplished. But we are by no means done, and we are
prepared for a long road to recovery. While the situation remains fluid, we will do everything possible to
protect our business and ensure American emerges from this crisis more efficient and competitive than
before.

And with that, I'll turn it back to the operator.

William Douglas Parker
Chairman & CEO
Thanks, Doug -- thanks, Derek. Operator, we are ready for questions.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from David Vernon from Bernstein.

David Scott Vernon
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Sorry about that guys. Work from home fun. So Derek, just to clarify, the $11 billion of liquidity at the end
of the second quarter, that assumes the inflow from the CARE -- both portions of the CARES Act, the grant
and the loan, is that right?

Derek J. Kerr
Executive VP & CFO

Correct. There is a portion of -- there's 10% of the grant that does come in the second quarter. So there's
about $600 million of the grant that shows up in July. So -- but for the most part, yes, it includes about
$10 billion of the government grant and loan and then $600 million of it comes in July.

David Scott Vernon
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Okay. And then as we think about the moving parts to get down to that $50 million burn rate, how much
of the actions that would get you to $50 million would be either temporary through voluntary sort of time-
off arrangements? I'm just trying to get a sense for how much of an additional sort of cut to the cash
burn rate you guys are going to need to make in that September time frame as the CARE loans come off.
Because $50 million a day, $10 billion left, you got to -- gets you through the first part of next year, but
it seems like there's still some work to be done on the cost side there. Can you give us a sense for how
much more you can get out of that $50 million a day?

Derek J. Kerr
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think what -- I'll tell you how we get there. I mean we -- the difference between where we are
now and where we get to is there's been a significant amount of refund. So those -- that has caused the
number to be higher now than it has. As disbursements take hold, those take a little bit of time. So those
are now starting to take hold and will stay in place as we go forward. The voluntary leaves and early
outs, the early outs will be there forever. The voluntary leaves, we have some 3 months, some 6 months,
some 9 months. And we believe if we need to do that in the future, we can do that again. The CapEx
reductions are permanent, and those are out throughout the whole time. And some of this is reductions in
departures.

So the $50 billion (sic) [ $50 million ] assumes really very minimal receipts. So the difference -- I think
from a cost structure perspective, all of this is in place and can stay in place. The difference of that burn
rate, as Doug talked about earlier, the issue with the industry right now is revenues. And to get that burn
rate from a cost perspective, we have some more levers to go to bring it down, but the major difference
in the burn rate is going to be receipts coming back and having some revenue coming in the door versus
refunds outpacing revenue and having no receipts come in the door.

William Douglas Parker
Chairman & CEO

And David, it's Doug. I would just add what Derek said in his comments to your questions, which is that
$11 billion at quarter end does assume the government loan, but it also assumes we've done no other
financing. So we would expect to end the quarter with -- still with a significant amount of unencumbered
assets still in place. So there will be more to do beyond that if we need to.

Operator

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Your next question comes from Mike Linenberg from Deutsche Bank.

Michael John Linenberg
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Just a couple of questions here. So when I look at your CapEx, I guess, it was $3.3 billion coming in. And
Derek, I think you indicated that $500 million of non-aircraft there will be taken out. So I think it was $1.6
billion. We're looking at about $1.1 billion of non-aircraft CapEx. If you could just talk about what that
$1.1 billion is.

And then the $1.7 billion of aircraft CapEx, you indicated that you've already -- it's already funded.
Presumably, those aircraft deliveries are actually cash accretive, can you talk about maybe how that's
structured?

Derek J. Kerr
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I'll take the second one first. The answer is yes, they are cash accretive. They're 100% financed, if
not more. So all of those, we do plan on taking all of those deliveries, and they are positive to the 2020
forecast. Most of the deliveries are in the back half because there are MAXs that have been pushed out,
but those are all cash accretive as we go forward.

As far as the CapEx, we're down to about $1.1 billion. We've cut out everything that we can. The biggest
project that's in the CapEx is our -- consolidating the fleets and making sure that the configuration on
both of the fleets is the same. That project is going to continue, and we are going to -- with the aircraft
on the ground, we'll have the ability to speed that up a little bit. So we don't plan on pulling back on that
project because I think it's very important for our operation, it's very important for the team to get that
one done. And that takes up at least 40% of that CapEx.

The rest of it is just mandatory stuff we have to do with parts. There are some other IT projects that we'd
still like to move forward with, and those are involved in that. But that's kind of the gist with where we are
at. Anything that doesn't have to be done, any type of facility things that don't have to be done, have all
been taken out of the capital plan for the next 2 years.

Michael John Linenberg
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. Great. And then just my second question, just on the fleet, you're 950 airplanes main line. I think
you identified close to 100. That said, you have a relatively new fleet. And so when we look at the next
850, fleet reductions become a bit more difficult since you have a lot of new airplanes. And so I'm curious,
what would you target next? And just sort of a nuance there, the A330s, you're pulling out the 300s, but
you have 15 200s. Are those planes next? Are they -- is it more about just the way that they're financed
and the lease agreements?

Derek J. Kerr
Executive VP & CFO

No. I think there's 2 fleet types that we've looked at that it's just a question of the timing of the return,
and do they come back depending on where we are. So the flexibility, as you talked about, the 33-2s (sic)
[ A330-200s ], there's 15 of those. We have 737s. There's 42 older aircraft that we've looked at. So those
are a couple of the areas that we would go. We have lease expirations, 26 in 2021 and 21 in 2022. So
those are out there. So I think -- and we do have some older A320s that you could look at. But I think
there's the levers to go down farther and the 33-2 is more fleet simplification for sure if you went down
that path. But as you said, they're financed out a ways. But we're looking at -- those are the fleet types
that we're looking at as we go forward. And then maybe you have some lease expirations that you let go
next year.

Robert D. Isom
President

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

And Derek, 50 seaters, a corresponding amount of 50 seaters as well.

Derek J. Kerr
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Yes.

Operator

Your next question comes from Jamie Baker with JPMorgan.

Jamie Nathaniel Baker
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Your negotiations are going well or you wouldn't have put the government loan in your liquidity build. But
is there a plan B in case the Treasury turns you down? And as a follow-up, have we also confirmed with
Treasury, and I may have just overlooked this, that 100% of the proceeds could be drawn all at once?

Derek J. Kerr
Executive VP & CFO

We're having a -- we've been working with Treasury. I mean the government grant process went really
well. We really appreciate everything they've done for this program. We've put in for the loans 1 week
ago, 1.5 weeks ago. So we've started to have some conversations. But our working with the Treasury
team and the PJT team has been great. We've had constructive conversations as we move forward. And
with the collateral we have, we believe that there's -- we can get a deal done and that everything is --
they're going to be reasonable about it. So we're moving down that path. We believe we're going to get it
done.

And so that's our #1 goal as we move forward, to get that complete first. And then with the extra
collateral we will have left in the end is to go down and look at other opportunities as we move forward.
But I'm confident that working with the Treasury Department and the team that we can get the
government loan put in place.

William Douglas Parker
Chairman & CEO

Yes. And Jamie, it's Doug, if you don't mind. So just to -- it gives me a nice opportunity to thank some
people in Treasury as well. Look, you and I were amongst those that were around in 2001, and I was
running an airline that needed help to get through that from the Treasury Department, and it was
extraordinarily difficult. This is -- this feels dramatically different than that time. This Treasury Department
is working night and day to do everything they can to get much needed liquidity into the U.S. economy,
to make sure that the economy is able to get running again. And that includes how they are -- certainly
includes how they are treating this airline support. So it was clear with the payroll support program, I
think, how they handled that. They are doing what they have to do, of course, which is make sure that
the U.S. taxpayer is paid back. So it came -- when it came to the payroll support program, that they could
absolutely guarantee were getting paid back with things like unemployment savings and higher income
taxes. Some 70% of the grant was indeed a grant. That that wasn't, went into a loan, but a very low
interest loan, over 10 years.

As it relates to the loan program itself, they have -- at the time, we talked about the payroll support plan,
we talked -- they were going to talk to all of us about the loan program itself and recognized, again,
that they want to be sure that the taxpayers are repaid. But I think they know the best way to do that is
ensure that airlines have liquidity to get through a liquidity crisis. So what they have -- again, we'd still
have to get through the work here in the next few weeks. But you're right. We wouldn't have talked about
how we're looking to that as our next source of most efficient capital if we didn't feel confident that it
would be the next source of efficient capital.

But their view is 5-year loans, different rates for carriers based upon credit rating, as we were told.
For us, it's LIBOR plus 350. In today's LIBOR, that's a little over 4%, 5-year money. That is the most

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

efficient financing out there for American Airlines. And they're looking for -- it needs to be secured, but I
think they're willing to be more than reasonable about collateral and also looking to just -- for appraisals
that we have that we feel very confident that we will be able to raise that loan and still have significant
unencumbered collateral after it.

Jamie Nathaniel Baker
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got it. Doug, that perspective is actually really, really valuable because you're right, the united precedent
with the ATSB was clearly on my mind. So I appreciate all of that commentary.

A quick follow-up to your earlier comment, Doug, about resizing the franchise, and this might have
been sort of where Mike was going as well. My phone was cutting in and out. But not looking for a 2021
capacity guide, unless you want to give us one, but my question is how much could you shrink relative to
the 2019 baseline if you only put down owned aircraft and allow leases to expire? I guess, put differently,
how much could you shrink before there begins to be a cost in terms of parking aircraft? Not thinking
about facilities, not thinking about the toll on labor, just a specific aircraft question.

William Douglas Parker
Chairman & CEO

Additional airplanes above the 100 that we've already announced?

Jamie Nathaniel Baker
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Well, you still have owned and fully depreciated aircraft. You have rights expirations coming up that I
don't have particularly good clarity. And if you allow those to expire and put down owned aircraft, there's
no real expense to that. My question is how much, on a percentage basis, could you shrink ASMs before
contemplating putting down an airplane for which there is still an ownership cost or a lease expense? Is
that 10% relative to 2019? Is it 20%? And if you don't have the figures, that's fine. I mean we've done
some back of the envelope. I was just curious to hear your take.

Vasu Raja

Jamie, this is Vasu. The figure is a little bit different on an airplane basis versus an ASM base, because
our gauge will change. So on an ASM basis, we estimate that number between 15% to 20%, depending
on how you draw that time period. And my number includes all jets, regionals, narrowbodies, widebodies.
But on an ASM base, that number is probably more in the 10% to 15% because, of course, the things we
would look to do were takeout smaller jets, like 50 seaters, and keep more economical things like bigger
737s, 321s, things like that, right?

Operator

Your next question comes from Joseph DeNardi from Stifel.

Joseph DeNardi

Can you just talk about the nature of the unencumbered assets that you have? Kind of realistically, what
sort of capital you could raise against that? And then what is the value of the loyalty program, since that's
kind of a pretty big moat between -- that's still out there for you?

Derek J. Kerr
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think going to #2, I mean, you're the one that has done the best work on the loyalty programs by
far. And your number is pretty good from where we have on an appraisal of the program. So I think the
value of that program is high. And I think you have pointed that out rightly so. And you have -- are in the
range of the appraisals that we've gotten back for that. So that has a very high value to us.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Of the $10 billion, about $2 billion is aircraft, spare parts, engines, those kind of things. About $5 billion
is slots. So it gets us to $7 billion. We've got AR about $1.8 billion and real estate about $1.2 billion. So
there are different things we can do with different products. So of that $10 billion, 40% maybe loan-
to-value on certain things, 40% to 50%, just in the fact that I think some can do more than others and
gain more cash from an LTV basis than other collateral, but maybe the, I'd say, $4 billion to $5 billion.
We also have in our slots, gates and routes, $364 million deal that we have to refinance at some point in
time. There is $4.4 billion of collateral in there, which will be used at some point in time to refinance and
probably do a bigger transaction as you combine that with other collateral that we have.

Joseph DeNardi

Okay. Yes, that's helpful. And then maybe for Vasu, what is getting as much smaller as you think you
might be on the other side of this mean for the hub structure of the network?

Vasu Raja

Yes. Thanks for the question, which I'm going to interpret to mean, does this mean that we shrink hubs
or eliminate one? So let me be very direct about this. We have no plans to close any hubs. In fact, far
from it. As we see this -- look, the core of our customer proposition is providing connectivity. And indeed,
that is something that we do not just versus all other airlines, but even all other network airlines. We are
uniquely good providing connections from customers in small cities across the Americas, North and South
America, that connect them to the global marketplace. So as dark and daunting as this crisis is, this is the
moment for real clarity. And so this is not about dismantling our customer proposition, but sharpening it
and refocusing it.

And so with that in mind, the way we are thinking about trying to get a lot of the same value that
historically people try to wring through hub closure is, first and foremost, as Derek and Doug mentioned,
through fleet simplification, right? Which just -- if we just take out fleet, of course, you take out direct
expense. So when we simplify away fleets, then you take out more intractable expenses like indirect costs
of parts and tooling, fixed overheads, things like that. But importantly, that makes the airline a lot more
lean and a lot more nimble, a lot more capable of being able to move fleets around markets, respond to a
recovery when and if it comes. I mean do many of the things that have been difficult for us to do, frankly,
over the last 4 or 5 years.

And then, two, the other thing that we look to do with that kind of agility is really put the capacity even
more aggressively to where the demand is. And without going too far into it, I think I can very confidently
say, you won't see us de-peaking DFW through this whole process. In fact, far from it.

And then the third thing, which is really different from past crises for us, is really the power of our
partnerships here. Because now we have things such as our growing partnership with Alaska on the West
Coast, that and a lot of markets that are challenged. Our growth is inhibited because of constraints on
slots or gates or routes. What we're now able to do is offer the customer a much larger network that can
compete with bigger rivals and oftentimes, unwinnable market. So that means that we should be able to
see that in higher-quality revenues for American Airlines, at lower -- at a lower amount of investment.

So we do not plan for mass-scale type of closures. In fact, our hubs are a massive asset to us as we think
about a really very focused customer proposition coming out of this.

Operator

Your next question comes from Duane Pfennigwerth from Evercore.

Duane Thomas Pfennigwerth
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Doug, regarding your commentary about a multiyear recovery and what this looks like in the long term,
just curious if you could share what the financial targets are that will shape your plan. So as we think
about the crisis here and now burning over $6 billion in cash just this quarter, your exit rate implies about

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

a $4.5 billion burn rate into 3Q, net debt on its way to perhaps $40 billion this year. What are the financial
targets that will shape your 2021 plans? Burn less cash?

William Douglas Parker
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Thanks, Duane. At this point, we're working again, as I think all of us are, getting through the current
liquidity crisis rather than building 2021 plans. But for certain, as we come out of this -- prior to this,
American had gotten to the point where we were happily through a large CapEx program, and we're
moving aggressively toward using our free cash flow to delever the balance sheet. That will certainly
be the case as we come out of this now. As we do move to generating free cash flow in the future, the
proceeds of that free cash flow will be going to pay down debt and to pay down as aggressively as we can.
So that's what you can expect to see when we get to that point. But nothing more concrete than that in
terms of estimates or metrics for 2021 at this point.

Duane Thomas Pfennigwerth
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

And then just on the $11 billion liquidity target, what are you assuming for the working capital headwind
related to the air traffic liability? We had a lot of questions around this for a number of airlines, not just
American. But can you walk us through the mechanics of why the ATO did not decline in the March quarter
and the outlook for that into the June quarter, considering things like cancellations, et cetera?

Derek J. Kerr
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I mean the ATO didn't decline in the quarter because it was positive by about -- our ATO for the
quarter was positive 665. We had positive 785 in January, positive 487 in February and negative 618 in
March. That is the time when ATO does build for us. I mean it -- this -- if you -- no, this didn't even really
hit until middle of March. So those 2 happened. We did have refunds during the quarter of about $900
million. So we did have ATO grow. We had refunds of $900 million, really driven by sales in the first 2
months of the time period.

We do believe that ATO will decline in the second quarter. Our projections, I think April, we had refunds
-- we haven't finalized it yet, but we think it's in the $600 million range, if not more. And we do project
about $400 million in May and about $200 million more in June. So the quarter is going to be hit by some
$1.2 billion to $1.3 billion worth of refunds, and that is built into the daily cash burn numbers that we
gave you. That's why we talked about receipts being really low in a 50 -- or the $70 billion -- $70 million a
day daily burn. So that is built in. We do have an ATO that we think is going to be negative. But in the first
quarter, it was positive really because the -- as we entered March, things looked really good from where
we were. And I think for all people, that was pretty much the same picture. We just had the burn coming
in, in March.

Operator

Your next question comes from Hunter Keay from Wolfe Research.

Hunter Kent Keay
Wolfe Research, LLC

So I know -- this is kind of a follow-on to the question. You don't want to talk about '21. But I mean how
do you plan on digging out of this debt pile here, Doug? I mean based on what Vasu said, it doesn't seem
like you guys are going to be really gutting costs. So I mean, pragmatically speaking, like how do you dig
out of this debt pile? How do you generate that free cash flow once you get through this crisis?

William Douglas Parker
Chairman & CEO

Through earnings. Again, so we were nicely forecasting positive free cash flow prior to this. We need to
get back to a point where we're generating free cash flow in the future. And as we do that, like you say,

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

we'll use that to pay down the debt over time. The -- as Derek noted, while we do indeed come out of this
with more debt than we would have liked, as it relates to the actual cash flow situation regarding the debt,
we don't have any major amortizations for the next couple of years. And I can say, as we come out of this,
like all carriers and get to a point -- we need to get to a point again where we're generating positive cash
flow, which we certainly will at some point. And when we do that, we use that to pay down the debt as we
go forward.

Derek J. Kerr
Executive VP & CFO

And Hunter, we are really good -- I mean the work that's been done to get the cost structure where it is
right now, it's only beginning. So Vasu and his team are working through what the schedule is going to
look like in 2021. The whole purpose of retiring fleets was to simplify things and to drive the cost structure
where it needs to be, and we're still looking at other opportunities to do that. So we will go through a
comprehensive look at the expenses of the airline over the next few months here to rightsize the expenses
to where Vasu is going from a network perspective.

Hunter Kent Keay
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. And then of the 39,000 volunteers for early retirement and the like, how many of those 39,000 are
permanently retired?

Derek J. Kerr
Executive VP & CFO

There were -- there's 4,500 early outs.

Operator

Your next question comes from Myles Walton from UBS.

Myles Alexander Walton
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Doug, I just had a question for you on customer behavior and specifically as you alter some of the
procedures for safety onboard the plane. And something like blocking the middle seat. How long do you
think something like that lasts as -- if customers get used to it? I mean is it potentially that you're putting
it in there and it has to stay through the vaccine development next year? And just how is that going to
feed into your building of 4Q type of projections and scheduling?

William Douglas Parker
Chairman & CEO

Yes, a really good question. All this is rapidly evolving. And we -- today, it's not much of an issue,
obviously. We have over 80% of our flights are going out with lower than 25% load factors so that
constraint comes into play on a very, very rare basis. So we think it's the right thing at this point in time.
We -- again, I can't really answer your question other than to tell you it will continue to evolve over time.

Today, what we're seeing is much more of a push toward facial coverings to give customers a level of
comfort. We certainly are strongly encouraging that. And indeed, as we said, we'll soon -- tomorrow, we'll
begin providing customers with masks to strongly encourage that they use them. So we'll see.

Right now, we think that's an important part of the message to our customers to know that we're not
going to have every seat on the airplane filled. There will be some seats available for those that require
-- and so we think we, as other airlines right now, think that's an important part of the messaging. But
again, we'll see where that evolves over time. I don't know if I can answer any better than that.

Myles Alexander Walton
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

No, that's fine. It's just a slippery slope when you start to put something in place. You don't know exactly
when to peel it back. I just wondered how you were thinking about it.

And then maybe just a clarification on the CARES loan. How much of the encumbered assets are you
proposing to pledge against that, so we can know kind of quarter end, what your unencumbered assets
are?

Derek J. Kerr
Executive VP & CFO

We don't know yet. I mean we're still working with the Treasury to finalize that. So it hasn't been
determined, and we'll just continue to work with them on what the right collateral value is for the $4.75
billion loan.

William Douglas Parker
Chairman & CEO

Yes, but back to what earlier what we said. Of the $10 billion plus the AAdvantage program that
we have available today, we certainly expect that we will have ample collateral available for the
Treasury Department to feel good about their $4.75 billion loan being secured and still have significant
unencumbered assets after that process.

Operator

Your next question is from Andrew Didora from Bank of America.

Andrew George Didora
BofA Securities, Research Division

Just want to kind of actually go back to the CARES Act. I guess my understanding of the government loan
program is that government's kind of here to be a lender of last resorts, and you need to exhaust a lot of
your other avenues of financing before accessing the program. Based on your explanation, I think it's fair
to assume -- would you agree that I'm maybe off on this interpretation?

And then as a follow-up to Myles' question. In your discussions with the Treasury, have they indicated the
type of collateral that they would be willing to take? Because just trying to get a sense of what you could
have left if you need to go to the public markets.

William Douglas Parker
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Sure, Andrew. Let me start and then Derek can fill in with details. I mean as to the lender of last
resort point, again, I don't have the legislation in front of me. But it says something to the effect of carrier
has to show that they don't have reasonable access to other -- to public markets or something like that.
And again, in discussions with them, and I can't stress enough again how exceptionally reasonable and
helpful they're being to all of us. We propose things. We mentioned it in things such as -- for example,
in February or March or sometime earlier this year, Derek, we did -- we were able to do a C-tranche on a
EETC at...

Derek J. Kerr
Executive VP & CFO

Well, we did unsecured at 3.75.

William Douglas Parker
Chairman & CEO

We did an unsecured deal at 3.7 so we could do a C-tranche on a EETC. It's something lower than that.
Today, if we try and do a C-tranche on a EETC, it's a double-digit number. They're certainly not saying go
do that. They view that as financing not being -- reasonable financing not being available in reasonable
terms. So that's -- again, it's for them to ascertain, but certainly, their view seems to be not that you need

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

to go raise -- use all the collateral you have and come to them only when there's nothing else you can do
irrespective of the cost. And so again, which I think is, one, the right thing to do for what they're trying to
accomplish, which is ensure the industry has liquidity it needs at reasonable rates and what we've been
told we're going to do.

So again, I'm going to use this opportunity to thank them, not just Secretary Mnuchin, that we thanked a
lot, but

Undersecretary Brent McIntosh, Deputy Secretary Justin Muzinich. The entire team has just been really
very helpful about this.

So -- and then as to the collateral, again, all we can say is that's what we need to work through with
them. We have $10 billion of unencumbered assets plus the AAdvantage program, which has appraised
values of, as Derek indicated, awfully high. So given all that, we feel good about our -- what we have said,
which is that we will go raise the government loan and still have significant unencumbered assets, not --
outstanding.

And then let me use this opportunity to one more, give credit where credit is due, to Derek and the
Treasury team. We -- these numbers we're giving you, $11 billion at year-end -- sorry, at quarter end
with the government loan has us thus far, the most expensive debt we will have raised in that analysis is
this government loan. So not to say that we won't need to do other things in the future, but we've been
going about this going to go to the most efficient source of financing throughout. And I think we've done
so really well. Feel good about that, and we'll continue to do that. And right now, that's the next most
efficient tranche to go after. So that's where we expect to go to the extent. Beyond that, if we need to do
other things, we obviously will do so.

I heard, I think, Gary Kelly on Southwest call said this well, there's an asymmetrical risk right now for
cash. Not having enough is really expensive, having too much may be somewhat expensive, but you just
use that to pay down the debt sooner. That's certainly the way we view it, and we're going about it in a
way of raising that which is most efficient first and getting to those that are less efficient later.

Andrew George Didora
BofA Securities, Research Division

Great. And lastly, Derek, just a quick modeling question here. In the $50 million daily cash burn rate in
June and beyond, what are you assuming? What is EETC amortization assumptions in that number?

Derek J. Kerr
Executive VP & CFO

So the EETC amortizations for 2020 is about $2.2 billion for the full year.

Operator

At this time, we will take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from
Alison Sider from Wall Street Journal.

Alison Sider;The Wall Street Journal

Yes, I was wondering if you could tell us anything about sort of the -- any supply chain issues you're
seeing for masks. Like where are you getting all these masks for crew and for passengers? And is it
getting easier to find them?

Robert D. Isom
President

Ali, it's Robert. I'll give you what we know. Look, there's a lot of planning that goes into provisioning
masks and sanitizers. And when we contemplated making changes to our cleaning programs and also
any type of amenities for our customers, things have changed rapidly in just 2 or 3 weeks. So as we
take a look forward, with sanitizer, we see ample supplies. With masks, it is a logistical issue of getting
inventories to the right place. But we have sufficient quantities for our team, and as our commitment to
Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

offer masks and sanitizer to customers in flight, you'll see us rolling that out in our supply chain. It will
take a number of weeks, but it's not an issue of months at this point. And so I can't point you to the exact
sources of supply. But I will say that things have certainly eased -- constraints have certainly eased over
the last few weeks to the point that we are able to make commitments like we have to both our team and
our customers.

Alison Sider;The Wall Street Journal

Got it. And I mean we've heard -- I know you can't say exactly where, but we've heard of other airlines
having to go to Asia or to China, in particular, to get masks. Is that kind of where some of the sourcing is?

Robert D. Isom
President

We're sourcing wherever we can get the quality product that meets our needs throughout the country. But
I don't have the specifics on what percentage comes from where.

Operator

Your next question comes from Kate -- Kyle Arnold from Dallas Morning News.

Kyle Arnold;The Dallas Morning News

You mentioned the 39,000 employees that took the early out, leave and reduced hours. Can you talk a
little bit about what your permanent workforce situation might look like after that CARES Act restrictions
sunset? And how are you going to be looking at the immediate from the size of the airline during the next
few months?

William Douglas Parker
Chairman & CEO

Yes, Kyle. It's Doug. Look, obviously, hard to tell given the uncertainty around demand, where we will
be and how fast the consumer returns and how much they want to fly. But certainly, I mean, given what
we announced today with the retirement of all these aircraft, we will emerge from this in the fall with a
smaller airline than we had anticipated prior to the virus, of course, and go into 2021 as a smaller airline.
So we will indeed -- we will, certainly, irrespective of where demand is, go into the fall with more team
members than we have worked for, which is a challenge for certain. We hope to get through that same
way we've gotten to this point, the fact that we had 40,000 -- 39,000 of our team members volunteer
for leaves and early retirement, I think, is an indication that we hopefully can be able to manage through
that without having to do furloughs. That's certainly will be our goal, to go through and make sure that
we have the airline rightsized, properly sized, a good bit smaller than it is today, but do this in a way that
takes care of our team, which has been front of mind for this entire process.

So we'll look to do that. But yes, those decisions are things we're going to have to make when we get to
that point. And that's a goal at this point, one that I hope we can meet, but not a certainty. So again, this
is not unique to American. I think we're all working through this at this point.

As for right now, we're working through the summer and through the terms and conditions of the CARES
Act itself. And as we get into the fall, we'll have to work -- we will certainly be working productively with
our team to make sure we're rightsized.

Operator

Your next question comes from Mary Schlangenstein from Bloomberg News.

Mary Schlangenstein;Bloomberg News

I wanted to ask, when you all have been mentioning the AAdvantage program as not being included in
your unencumbered assets, can you talk about your willingness or your unwillingness to have to use that
as collateral?

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

William Douglas Parker
Chairman & CEO

Derek, do you have anything for Mary?

Derek J. Kerr
Executive VP & CFO

Well, I think -- well, there's willingness to use all of our collateral that is necessary for us to increase the
liquidity to where we need it to be.

William Douglas Parker
Chairman & CEO

Yes. We weren't putting constraints on the program, if that's what you're asking. I mean like that, if
indeed that is an asset that we can use to raise much needed liquidity in this time, we're absolutely willing
to consider it.

Mary Schlangenstein;Bloomberg News

Okay. And if I can also ask on the worker leaves, do you have any information in terms of -- since there
are 3, 6, 9, what percentage of those folks would be coming back right around September 30 when the
restrictions on the CARES Act loan go away?

William Douglas Parker
Chairman & CEO

I don't know if we have that information, Mary. But again -- I don't think we have that.

Mary Schlangenstein;Bloomberg News

Okay. Just wondering if that's going to complicate your decisions going forward on whether you need
to have furloughs or not, if you've got a bunch of folks coming back off of leave at that time. So if that
becomes available, and I could get that, I'd appreciate it.

William Douglas Parker
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Well, anyway, Ali, do you want to answer?

Alison Taylor
Chief Customer Officer

Yes. Mary, I can call you offline about that. I would tell you that some of these leaves, the 3, 6, 9 months,
we'll be going back out and looking at extending those wherever we can, if needed.

Operator

Your next question is from Leslie Josephs from CNBC.

Leslie Josephs;CNBC

On the open labor agreements, how does coronavirus and then this need to be a smaller airline affect
those? And as you think about furloughs, how do any of the existing labor contracts affect those
discussions?

William Douglas Parker
Chairman & CEO

The existing labor negotiations, the flight attendants and pilots renegotiations. Those negotiations --
obviously, it has an impact on us as we all work on the pace of those negotiations. We'll still continue to
talk and work through those to the extent we can. But right now, all of our team is working to make this
work into take care of our team members through this issue. So nothing -- certainly, nothing to report

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

about those moving forward beyond where they were at this point. And again, as it relates to the labor
contracts, as I said, our goal is to get through this without furloughs to our team. I'm sure our unions
would support that goal. And we'll work together to figure out, hopefully, ways that we can do that so that
we have the workforce rightsized, but have those that want to avail themselves of leaves or early outs,
doing so; and those that need to be working, doing that as well. So we'll work with them on that, I will
note again. Yes, go ahead.

Leslie Josephs;CNBC

And on the leaves, do you have any sense of why so many people are taking those leaves? Is it child care?
I can't go to another airline now. But...

Elise R. Eberwein
Senior Advisor

Yes. Leslie, it's Elise. It's a combination of things from child care needs to wanting to take the summer
away from flying. So it's a variety of needs. It all depends on the individual.

Operator

Your next question comes from Edward Russell, TPG.

Edward Russell;The Points Guy

Vasu, I was wondering if you could go a bit more into your statement on all the hubs coming back. Should
we expect some hubs to come back faster or more robustly than others? I know you've been talking in the
last few years about Charlotte, Dallas and Washington being the strongest hubs.

Vasu Raja

And Ed, thanks for the question. It remains to be seen, quite frankly. As Derek mentioned, we are just
now starting kind of a clean sheet exercise for what 2021 might look like. And so I couldn't tell you with
a lot of clarity. But for right now, as you look at our schedule, clearly, we have our biggest connecting
complexes that are out there, primarily so that we can serve the vast majority of communities under
the CARES Act with a minimum of resource expenditure. And so that's all you kind of see in our existing
schedule today, and everything beyond it remains to be seen yet.

Edward Russell;The Points Guy

Great. And then one point of clarification. Robert, you mentioned some older 737s that could be retired.
Was that -- how many were they? Were they 42? I missed that number.

Robert D. Isom
President

Yes, 42.

Operator

There are no further question at this time.

William Douglas Parker
Chairman & CEO

Excellent. All right. Well, thanks, everybody, for your time and attention. I will close. Where I closed my
comments with is, obviously, it's a difficult time for our industry and our country. And -- but we couldn't
be more proud of how our team and our industry is managing through this. We will get through this,
I'm certain of that. I know our industry will get through this, will fight through this successfully. And
I'm particularly confident that American Airlines will be among those leading the way. We will keep you
apprised as we move forward. If you have any further questions, please contact the Investor Relations or
Corporate Communications. Thanks a lot.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Copyright © 2022 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

