Accenture plc NYSE:ACN
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, June 24, 2021 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.24

2.40

Revenue  (mm)

12807.81

13263.80

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jun-23-2021 4:30 PM GMT

7.14

3.56

2.05

8.48

9.42

12506.77

49115.64

53041.47

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

1.73

2.05

1.90

2.24

1.70

2.17

2.03

2.40

SURPRISE

(1.73 %)

5.85 %

6.84 %

7.14 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
ACCENTURE PLC FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 24, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Angie Park
Managing Director & Head of
Investor Relations

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Bryan C. Bergin
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Bryan Connell Keane
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Jason Alan Kupferberg
BofA Securities, Research Division

Lisa Ann Dejong Ellis
MoffettNathanson LLC

Rod Bourgeois
DeepDive Equity Research

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ACCENTURE PLC FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 24, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Accenture's Third Quarter Fiscal 2021
Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations,
Ms. Angie Park. Please go ahead.

Angie Park
Managing Director & Head of Investor Relations

Thank you, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our third quarter fiscal 2021 earnings
announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I'm Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor
Relations.

On today's call, you will hear from Julie Sweet, our Chief Executive Officer; and KC McClure, our Chief
Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time
ago.

Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Julie will begin with an overview of our results. KC
will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with
some key operational metrics for the third quarter. Julie will then provide a brief update on our market
positioning before KC provides our business outlook for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2021. We will
then take your questions before Julie provides a wrap-up at the end of the call.

Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call, including our business outlook, are forward-looking and,
as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those
factors set forth in today's news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to
differ materially from those expressed in this call.

During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe
provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures,
where appropriate, to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at
accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this
conference call.

Now let me turn the call over to Julie.

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

Thank you, Angie, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. We had another outstanding quarter, reflecting
our laser focus on creating 360-degree client value and the importance of our scale, experience, industry
knowledge and trust to the world's leading companies and governments as they continue to digitally
transform their enterprises.

We had a record 20 clients with bookings over $100 million and a total of $15.4 billion in bookings. We
delivered 16% revenue growth in local currency, 3% above the top of our guided range, with outstanding
profitability and free cash flow. We estimate that we continue to take significant market share.

Our growth was broad-based across geographic markets and industries, with 11 out of 13 industries
growing double digits this quarter and reflects our ability to bring together our unmatched breadth of
services from strategy and consulting to interactive technology and operations to create the solutions
which achieve the value at speed that makes a difference to our clients.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ACCENTURE PLC FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 24, 2021

We continue to meet our clients' strong demand, adding a net 32,000 talented people this quarter alone.
We offer an employee value proposition that allows us to attract top talent, develop our people with
world-class training and provide them with vibrant career paths. We are pleased with our record 117,000
promotions year-to-date, including almost 1,200 promotions to Managing Director.

And while delivering these results, we have raised the bar again in terms of investments. We now
expect to invest about $4 billion in strategic acquisitions this fiscal year, with 39 acquisitions closed or
announced year-to-date. This includes announcing this quarter 2 acquisitions with purchase prices over $1
billion each, the acquisition by Accenture Federal Services of Novetta in the U.S., an advanced analytics
company, which we expect to close in August; and of umlaut, a world-class engineering services company
headquartered in Germany, which we expect to close in Q1. These 39 acquisitions are well balanced with
10 in North America, 17 in Europe and 12 in growth markets.

Our level of investment demonstrates as well how scale, experience and trust matters: scale in terms
of our financial capacity, experience in terms of our track record of the successful integration of
approximately 200 companies since 2013 and the trust we have earned in the market that attracts leading
companies to want to join the Accenture family. We invest in acquisitions to scale in areas where we
see a big market opportunity, to add skills and new capabilities and to further deepen our industry and
functional expertise, all to drive continued innovation and the next waves of growth.

Finally, because we believe strongly in our commitment to share success with our communities, we
recently announced that we would donate $100 for every 1 of our then 540,000 employees, or $54
million, to urgently address the needs of our communities due to the pandemic, including $25 million for
India.

KC, over to you.

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Julie, and thanks to all of you for taking the time to join us on today's call. As you heard in
Julie's comments, we are extremely pleased with our results in the third quarter, which continue to reflect
very strong momentum across all dimensions of our business. Based on the strength of our third quarter
results and the confidence we have in our fourth quarter to continue to extend our market leadership
position, we are increasing our full year outlook, which I will cover in more detail later in the call.

Before I get into the details, let me summarize the major headlines of our third quarter results, which
reflect continued superior execution against our 3 financial imperatives.

Revenue increased nearly $2.3 billion, reflecting growth of 16% in local currency. Results were
approximately $300 million above the top end of our guided range, driven by broad-based
overperformance across the business with double-digit growth in all 3 markets, 4 of 5 industry groups and
in technology services and operations. As we expected, both strategy and consulting and the resources
industry group returned to growth. These results demonstrate the power of our business model and our
unique ability to seamlessly integrate our services at scale. We estimate that our growth continues to
significantly outpace the market.

Operating margin was 16%, an increase of 40 basis points for the quarter. Importantly, we no longer
have the margin expansion tailwind from lower travel as we anniversaried the benefit of the compare this
quarter. We continue to absorb significant investments in our people and our business as we are always
focused on positioning our business for the future. And we delivered very strong EPS of $2.40, up 26%
over fiscal '20.

Finally, we delivered strong free cash flow of $2.2 billion in the quarter and $6.2 billion year-to-date while
also continuing all elements of our capital allocation program, including returning roughly $1.4 billion to
shareholders this quarter via dividends and share repurchases.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ACCENTURE PLC FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 24, 2021

We've made investments of $1.5 billion in acquisitions through Q3, and we now expect to invest about $4
billion in acquisitions this fiscal year which does not include the umlaut acquisition, which we anticipate to
close in FY '22.

I want to take a moment to highlight that, as you can see from our results and guidance this year, we
are able to step up our acquisition spend and continue to expand operating margin. And while I won't
comment on the specifics of FY '22 until September, based on our current line of sight, you should think of
next year's inorganic contribution in the range of 4%, and we expect margin -- modest margin expansion
as we continue to run our business with rigor and discipline.

With that, let me turn to some of the details, starting with new bookings. New bookings were $15.4 billion
for the quarter with a very strong book-to-bill of 1.2. Consulting bookings were $8 billion with a book-to-
bill of 1.1. Outsourcing bookings were $7.4 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.2.

We were very pleased with our new bookings, which represents 39% growth in U.S. dollars and reflect
a record 20 clients with bookings over $100 million. Each service dimension, strategy and consulting,
technology services and operations delivered double-digit bookings growth in local currency.

Turning now to revenues. Revenues for the quarter were $13.3 billion, a 21% increase in U.S. dollars and
a 16% increase in local currency. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $7.3 billion, up 21% in U.S.
dollars and 16% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $6 billion, up 20% in U.S. dollars and up
16% in local currency.

Taking a closer look at our service dimensions. Operations grew very strong double digits, technology
services grew strong double digits and strategy and consulting grew high single digits.

Turning to our geographic markets. In North America, revenue growth was 18% in local currency, driven
by double-digit growth in Public Service, Software & Platforms and Consumer Goods, Retail and Travel
Services.

In Europe, revenues grew 14% local currency. We saw double-digit growth in Consumer Goods, Retail and
Travel Services and Industrial and high single-digit growth in Banking and Capital Markets. Looking closer
at the countries, Europe was driven by double-digit growth in the U.K., Italy and Germany.

In Growth Markets, we delivered 15% revenue growth in local currency, led by double-digit growth in
Consumer Goods, Retail and Travel Services, Banking and Capital Markets and Public Service. From a
country perspective, Growth Markets was led by double-digit growth in Japan and Brazil.

Moving down the income statement. Gross margin for the quarter was 33.2% compared with 32.1% for
the same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 10.6% compared with 10.2%
for the third quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 6.6% compared to 6.3% for the
same quarter last year. Operating income was $2.1 billion in the third quarter, reflecting a 16% operating
margin, up 40 basis points compared with Q3 last year.

Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 25% compared with an effective tax rate of 25.5% for the third
quarter last year. Diluted earnings per share were $2.40 compared to EPS of $1.90 in the third quarter
last year. Days service outstanding were 36 days compared to 34 days last quarter and 41 days in the
third quarter of last year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $2.2 billion, resulting from cash generated
by operating activities of $2.4 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $158 million. Our cash
balance at May 31 was $10 billion compared with $8.4 billion at August 31.

With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders. In the third quarter, we repurchased
or redeemed 3 million shares for $835 million at an average purchase price of $276.98 per share. As of
May 31, we had approximately $4.2 billion of share repurchase authority remaining.

Also in May, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.88 per share for a total of $559 million. This
represents a 10% increase over last year. And our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of
$0.88 per share to be paid on August 13, also a 10% increase over last year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ACCENTURE PLC FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 24, 2021

So in summary, we are extremely pleased with our results to date and are now focused on Q4 and closing
out a very strong year. Now let me turn it back to Julie.

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

Thanks, KC. I'll start with the environment. The dynamics in the market we are seeing are not only a
recovery from the lower spending pattern at the onset of the pandemic, but a more sustained growth
in demand as companies race to modernize and accelerate their digital initiatives with compressed
transformation.

Pre COVID, our research showed a digital achievement gap, with leaders growing 2x faster than laggards,
and we estimate that gap has now widened to 5x, with leaders stepping up their investment in technology
and innovation and lead progress taking accelerated steps to catch up.

Cloud is an even more critical enabler as companies are increasing their focus on enterprise-wide
transformation and rapidly moving to digital- and cloud-powered models. These needs of our clients are
driving strong momentum in our business with an acceleration of continued strong double-digit growth
across applied intelligence, cloud, Industry X, intelligent operations and security, with Interactive and
Intelligent Platform Services returning to strong double-digit growth this quarter. These strategic priorities
are multiservice and are powered by our unparalleled technology ecosystem relationships.

Let me share some color to bring this demand to life. I want to particularly highlight cloud, which
continues to have very strong double-digit growth rates as well as the subset of Accenture Cloud First,
where growth was even stronger and has exceeded our expectations when we formed Cloud First last
September. With our Cloud First services, we are helping agencies served by Consip, Italy's national
procurement agency, to deliver on Italy's National Recovery and Resilience Plan. We're developing and
running industry-specific cloud-based platforms to standardize and improve their efficiency and speed,
reducing the time to launch new contracts and ultimately providing much improved services for Italy
citizens.

We are using our Intelligent Platform Services to help DuPont, a company with a rich history of business
reinvention, reimagine its financial structure to coordinate operations across its large geographic footprint.
After going through a strategic and deliberate restructuring through M&A, we will now help DuPont
implement a central finance processing suite that will help them to consolidate their multiple financial
systems and chart of accounts into one and close the books faster. This will provide real-time view of
results for all of the business units, all in the cloud, giving DuPont more agility, speed and certainty in a
complex and volatile market.

We are helping Jaguar Land Rover transform its global marketing model to deliver a more personalized
customer experience with creativity and technology at its core. We were selected for our technology
capabilities, data-led performance and experience-led approach. We will use the strength of the
experience, creative and digital capabilities of interactive and the marketing delivery capabilities of
operations with our SynOps platform, which we already use as part of Jaguar Land Rover's warranty
operations. SynOps will deliver AI-powered insights and highly automated production around the world.

Security is top of mind for our clients as the threat landscape expands. Our very strong double-digit
growth is driven by the breadth and depth of our services, from advisory to cyber defense to manage
security. For example, facing ever-increasing cyber threats and continued financial pressures as a result
of COVID-19, Accenture is helping a [ U.K. eye bank ] by bringing together the full breadth of these
capabilities to provide innovative solutions to support the bank's future security strategy.

Across many of these examples are our implied intelligence services. We were excited this quarter to
announce Accenture Federal Services' agreement to acquire Novetta, an advanced analytics company
serving U.S. federal organizations that is demonstrating what's possible with analytics, machine learning,
cyber and cloud engineering. This will augment our already strong capabilities and scale in these critical
areas, providing even more diversification across our federal business, specifically in the national security
space which is seeing substantial growth.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ACCENTURE PLC FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 24, 2021

I want to give a special recognition to our colleagues serving the public sector around the world
throughout the pandemic. Your 7 consecutive quarters of double-digit growth reflect your absolute
commitment to the important missions of government serving their citizens.

Turning now to Industry X, our digital engineering and manufacturing services. We believe that product
development, design engineering, manufacturing and the supply chain make up the next big digital
transformation frontier. The impact of COVID-19 is accelerating the need to transform these core
operations. And for nearly a decade, we have been investing to build the unique capabilities and
ecosystem partnerships to combine the power of data and digital with traditional engineering services.
We are very pleased with the announcement of our agreement to acquire umlaut, which will add more
than 4,200 industry-leading engineers and consultants across 17 countries and expand our capabilities
across a range of industries, including automotive, aerospace and defense, telecommunications, energy
and utilities.

Some recent examples of our Industry X services include helping a German telecom company continuously
develop and enhance their Internet television service by utilizing embedded engineering in their set-top
boxes and managing new features on the platform; helping a large media conglomerate accelerate their
primary revenue streams in digital products and advertising with our product and platform engineering
expertise to design, build, test and deploy new products, services and features; and working with a global
automotive OEM to execute online remote software updates for their in-car computer systems to allow
seamless deployment of new software versions.

We are also working with an American multinational manufacturer of confectionery pet food and other food
products to deploy a digital twin platform to optimize production in its manufacturing facilities, improve
margins and reduce waste.

We're working with a large electric company in Japan to help their power plants -- to help bring their
power plants into the future by digitizing their operations and standards across each department; and
with a large oil and gas company to build their internal digital capability to substantially reduce time to
market for new digital solutions that extends to its customers while supporting the company's key safety
and sustainability goals throughout the use of a digital factory.

Taking a step back. The examples I have provided today all require deep industry knowledge and
innovation. Our breadth and depth across industries enables us to tailor industry solutions while bringing
cross-industry expertise as we help our clients facing industry convergence and by using the lessons of
other industries.

We were proud this quarter that Fast Company recognized us for our innovation across multiple initiatives
in its World Changing Ideas Awards. Our cross-industry expertise is one of the powerful sources of our
ability to innovate.

For example, using our deep banking industry and technical expertise, we rapidly developed for a
commercial bank which was not a traditional small business administration lender, a program under the
U.S. Paycheck Protection Program that allowed them to make loans to thousands of small businesses
struggling with the impacts of the pandemic. We then pivoted to apply this approach to stand-up
Facebook's Small Business Grants Program for Black-owned businesses, enabling the distribution of
10,000 grants to Black-owned businesses in the U.S. This grants program is an important part of
Facebook's overall commitment to invest $200 million in building programs and tools for Black-owned
businesses.

Finally, let me turn to our incredible people. Their health and safety remain our top priority. We are
supporting our people by facilitating vaccinations, including standing up clinics in many of our offices such
as in India, where already 50,000 of our people, their families and contractors have been vaccinated. We
have been focused on taking the lessons as an almost 100% remote workforce during the pandemic to
a new way of working, moving from a remote or hybrid model to an omni-connected experience. People
will work in the office, from home and at client sites, and it is likely many of our clients will be doing
the same. So our approach focuses on the experience of connecting to continue to serve our clients in a
differentiated way and create an environment that our people feel a sense of belonging.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ACCENTURE PLC FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 24, 2021

The rich diversity and ingenuity of our people, from our Board of Directors to our new hires, helps us
deliver 360-degree value for the benefit of all. We now have more than 250,000 women, representing
approximately 46% of our workforce. As you may recall, shortly after the murder of George Floyd in the
U.S., on this call, I shared with you our commitment to take 3 actions in the U.S.: setting external goals
to increase representation, training our people and making a bigger impact in our communities. One
year later, I am pleased to report that we not only took each action but have made measurable progress,
including increasing our representation, having 95% of our U.S. people complete our new anti-racism
training and making substantial new investments in our communities. You can find a full progress update
on our website because we believe transparency and accountability are hallmarks of good governance and
essential to building trust.

As we see the rise or continuation of all kinds of hate crimes against diverse communities, including
violence against Asians, the LGBTI community, anti-Semitism and Islamophobia, I want to reaffirm my and
Accenture's unwavering commitment to equality and justice for all and zero tolerance for racism, bigotry
and hate of any kind.

KC, back to you.

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Julie. Let me now turn to our business outlook. For the fourth quarter of fiscal '21, we expect
revenues to be in the range of $13.1 billion to $13.5 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be positive
4% compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal '20 and reflects an estimated 17% to 21% growth in local
currency.

For the full fiscal year '21, based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we
continue to expect the impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be approximately positive 3.5%
compared to fiscal '20.

For the full fiscal '21, we now expect our revenue to be in the range of 10% to 11% growth in local
currency over fiscal '20, including approximately negative 1% from a decline in revenues from
reimbursable travel based on a 2% reduction the first half of the year and no material impact in the
second half of the year.

Importantly, organic revenue is the driver of the increase to our updated guidance as we still expect the
inorganic contribution to remain at about 2.5% for the full year. For operating margin, we now expect
fiscal year '21 to be 15.1%, a 40 basis point expansion over fiscal '20 results. We now expect our annual
effective -- our annual adjusted effective tax rate to be in the range of 23% to 24%. This compares to an
adjusted effective tax rate of 23.9% in fiscal '20.

For earnings per share, we now expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal '21 to be in the range of $9.07 to
$9.16. We now expect adjusted full year diluted EPS to be in the range of $8.71 to $8.80 or 17% to 18%
growth over adjusted fiscal '20 results.

For the full fiscal '21, we now expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $8.65 billion to $9.15
billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $650 million and free cash flow to be in
the range of $8 billion to $8.5 billion. Our free cash flow guidance reflects a very strong free cash flow
to net income ratio of 1.4 to 1.5. Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $5.8 billion through
dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to
our shareholders.

With that, let's open it up so that we can take your questions. Angie?

Angie Park
Managing Director & Head of Investor Relations
Thanks, KC. [Operator Instructions] Operator, would you provide instructions for those on the call?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ACCENTURE PLC FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 24, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And that comes from the line of Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson.

Lisa Ann Dejong Ellis
MoffettNathanson LLC

Great results here. A couple of questions, one is a little more tactical, one more strategic.

The first one, in bookings, KC, can you just remind us, one, how acquisitions are or are not reflected
in bookings? And then on a related note, is the composition of your bookings changing at all? I'm just
specifically thinking about this big $100 million-plus transformation program. Are you seeing a notable
change in duration or anything like that? Just trying to understand the bookings number a little bit. And
then I'll follow up.

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Okay. Great. Thanks, Lisa. So let me just decompose bookings a little bit. So we were really pleased with
our bookings this quarter of $15.4 billion. And again, that grew 39% in U.S. dollars. Really strong book-
to-bill, 1.2%. And in terms of when you look at it, there was very strong bookings in both consulting and
outsourcing as well as all 3 geographic markets. And if you look at specifically on our V&A, which also
was represented across all of those dimensions, there will be a slight impact in our bookings based on the
backlog that we bring in from those acquisitions, but it's not overall significant.

But let me just peel it back in terms of when you look underneath that $15.4 billion, I'd say there's really
kind of 3 things I'd point out. First was that there was really a good mix of all categories of our sales. As
Julie mentioned, we had a record 20 clients over $100 million of sales. And that, as you know, positions us
really well for the future. But if you go all the way down through the categories, all the way through our
smaller deals, they represented very well and that can help us with revenue in the current quarter.

The second thing that I would point out is that our bookings were very broad-based across all of our
services, and that included strategy and consulting.

And the third thing was that it was aligned to our strategic priorities, as we pointed out, driven by cloud,
Industry X and security, for example.

So with those points, I would -- I'll hand it back to you to ask the second question or if there's any other
color that you want.

Lisa Ann Dejong Ellis
MoffettNathanson LLC

Yes. Terrific. The second one, maybe, Julie, this is for you. I just wanted -- hoping to comment on
acquisitions. This is obviously upticked acquisitions, made a couple of bigger ones than Accenture has
historically done. Can you just talk about, is this just kind of opportunistic? Or has something kind of
shifted in terms of your willingness to do larger acquisitions or specific market opportunities you're going
after?

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

Sure, Lisa. And look, so we've always said we have the capacity to do larger acquisitions, but we're very
disciplined about what we will acquire. And so these were opportunities that were very aligned to our
strategic priorities.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ACCENTURE PLC FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 24, 2021

So Novetta being both investment in public sector but primarily all about advanced analytics, machine
learning, cyber and cloud engineering. And so also importantly, diversification for our federal business
because they are in the national intelligence space.

And umlaut is in engineering, which was just an opportunity as a company that we know very well, that
really is giving us an opportunity to accelerate our scale in Industry X. And we've seen the digitization of
manufacturing and engineering be a major priority post COVID. We've been investing for nearly a decade
in this space. We predicted this would happen, as you can see by the number, the amount of work that
we're already doing. And this was a great opportunity for a company that we know well.

And our strategy continues to be we're going to make acquisitions to scale in big market opportunities to
add new skills and opportunities, as you know, that we built a lot of interactive through acquisitions. For
example, those were new skills and capabilities and then to deepen industry and functional knowledge.
And so this is a continuation of that.

And I think the advantage we have is our financial capacity to make investments and to increase our
investment for the benefit of our clients and all of our stakeholders when we see the right opportunities.
And we're going to continue to have that discipline around making strategic acquisitions.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi.

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Great quarter. Congratulations on that from me as well. The question I had is about the momentum that
you are seeing in the business, and it seems to have actually accelerated from what you're seeing in
the past quarters. And wanted to ask you with regards to whether this changes how you think about
managing the business in the interim in order to continue to deliver what you're seeing from a demand
perspective, particularly as we see attrition go up and so on, and that's an across-the-board statement,
not just [ mixed-entry statement ]. So any thoughts with regards to how you're thinking of delivery?

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Ashwin, I'll take this, and maybe I'll frame up a few things for you and hand it over to Julie as
well. So let me just maybe frame up how we were thinking about, you mentioned the demand in overall
business and think about the quarter and our year-to-date from a financial perspective. And these results
are really exceptional when you think about it in the context of our historical performance, so I'll start
there.

I mean clearly we're benefiting from an easier compare in a strong market demand, and we see that
continuing. But even with that, bookings at $44 billion, growing 25% year-to-date, and that's off a base
of record sales through Q3 of last year. And then you couple that with 54 clients with bookings over $100
million through Q3, which is more in the first 9 months of this year than the whole of last year FY '20 and
FY '19.

And I mentioned that, as you talk about things in different ways, we may need to manage differently just
to talk about the scale in our bookings. If you look at the scale and revenue, we grew record $2.3 billion
in revenue this quarter year-over-year. And you think about our industries, where we're clearly the leader
with the breadth and depth of industries, we had 11 of those 13 growing double digits. And as I mentioned
before in our guidance, the increase in our full year outlook, it's driven by organic revenue, given that
inorganic contribution is staying pretty much the same.

And then you end it all with profitability of 40 basis points expansion this quarter. We had very strong
profitability and we're no longer benefiting from a travel tailwind, and we continue to invest at scale in our
business and our people.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ACCENTURE PLC FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 24, 2021

So with that, let me hand it over more to Julie to round out some of the questions you had on demand and
attrition.

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

Yes. So Ashwin, it's a great question around managing our business. And so I want to just take you all
back to right before the pandemic, remember back then. And on March 1, we put in a new growth model
we called the next-gen growth model. And that was designed for helping us manage our business as we
saw the scale increasing, right? And that change in up in growth model was focused on being able to have
more of our leaders closer to our clients. We changed the P&L, as you recall, to the geographic. And so
we've already put in place a model that is designed to allow us to continue to scale. And so this, for us,
was anticipated, and it's exciting to see how we are very uniquely positioned as our clients' needs have
accelerated because that's what's driving the demand, right? The needs of our clients have accelerated
post COVID to do compressed transformation, and we have the right operating model in place.

As we think about attrition, it's ticked up to pre-COVID letter -- levels in a hot market, although not
the highest we've ever seen. And so as you said, it's an industry phenomenon and we're comfortable. I
mean our core competency is about managing our supply and demand, but more importantly, our core
competency is being a great company to work for. And as you saw with our numbers this quarter, we hired
net 32,000 incredible people. And that is just a testament to our ability to attract great talent as well as
continue to train our people. We've trained over 100,000 people since the pandemic started, pivoting to
the areas of our clients' needs.

So we feel good about it. And of course, this is what you expect from us, so we'll continuously improve.

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

All good points and I agree. I guess the next question is with regards to -- and ordinarily, I don't focus on
a particular acquisition, but this umlaut just seems to be -- I have to ask, is this the first of many as you
expand into a much bigger engineering services-type presence? That is a relatively massive end market.
So just strategically, how are you thinking of this?

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

Well, sort of big picture, we believe that the digital engineering and manufacturing space is the next
frontier for our clients, right? There's been a lot and there's still a lot to do with respect to the front
office and the back office, for lack of a better term, that right now our clients are building a digital core,
they're transforming operations and they're trying to find new ways of growth. But the areas that have
been not as digitized over the last several years as companies have pivoted has been in core operations,
manufacturing and supply chain.

Now we predicted this, just as we predicted back in 2013, that someday everybody would be a digital
business. And so we've been investing. We've already made, I don't know, 7, 8, 9 acquisitions over the
last several years to build these capabilities. And you saw that with all the examples that we did in the
script. And so this is about rapidly scaling with some of the best engineers in the world, right, because we
see the market opportunity, but most importantly, the need from our clients. And so you should expect
that we'll continue to build these both organically and inorganically. But obviously, this is a great add in
terms of scale for us.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America.

Jason Alan Kupferberg
BofA Securities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ACCENTURE PLC FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 24, 2021

I'm wondering if you can estimate for us perhaps how much the acceleration in all this enterprise digital
transformation has enhanced your structural organic revenue growth profile relative to pre-pandemic
levels, because it certainly sounds like this trend continues to have legs.

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

Yes. I mean I think the way to think about it is that we're taking market share and we're really well
positioned to capture the growth that's available because of the needs of our clients. And so you're
obviously seeing that uptick in organic growth. And how -- and we think this will be sustained demand.
I think it's too early and we're not going to kind of back into sort of giving sort of a view of FY '22, but
what we would say is we do believe that what you're seeing right now in demand isn't just like a recovery
because spending decreased, but actually sustained demand and that we are incredibly well positioned to
capture that because clients are looking for outcomes and the breadth of our services. They're turning to
us because we can give them solutions, not just individual services. They want the innovation that we're
bringing, the things like our SynOps platform. They are very appreciative and focused on the fact that we
care about the 360-degree value so that we're helping improve their own skills as well as achieving their
goals. And finally, and I think something that is really critical right now and why we are so well positioned,
is they see us a company that creates value and leads with values. And so trust really matters when you
are doing major transformation.

And I'll give you one example. We've had over 80 clients in the last 12 months just come and sit down
with us to learn more about our diversity supplier program, because it really matters to them and they
see us as a leader, right? These are the things that make us an incredibly attractive and trusted partner.
And so we think that this is really an enduring differentiation at a time when -- if there's going to be a
sustained demand for compressed transformation.

Jason Alan Kupferberg
BofA Securities, Research Division

Okay. Understood. Just a quick 2-part follow-up here. Your thoughts on Q4 book-to-bill and what were the
areas of the business that surprised you most in terms of revenue this quarter? Because obviously, the
overall upside was quite significant.

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Jason, just in terms of how we think about the fourth quarter, I mean, so obviously, we've had $44
billion of bookings year-to-date. And even with that, we still have a strong pipeline and we feel good about
our position for Q4 as it relates to bookings.

Yes. And in terms of what did better, as I mentioned earlier, it really was broad-based. Every part of our
business did a bit better.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Rod Bourgeois with DeepDive.

Rod Bourgeois
DeepDive Equity Research

I just wanted to ask about the margin outlook given the increased acquisition contribution that you'll be
digesting in fiscal '22. I'd just like to ask about the margin levers that you'll be able to pull in order to still
achieve overall operating margin expansion. And also, I guess, besides digesting this added acquisition
content, are you also needing to spend more on people costs given the war for talent that's out there? So
a question about margin levers and also the investments in people.

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ACCENTURE PLC FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 24, 2021

Yes. Thanks, Rod. So maybe I'll start with the second one first. So yes, in terms of -- for the people side
of it, obviously, there's a lot of demand in the market. We're in a hot market right now than historically.
We've seen wages increase and that vary by skills and geographies, and we -- and that's happening now.
But you see that, Rod, flowing through our results already to date and through our guidance. So it's really
up to us to manage our business with rigor and discipline, as we always do. You know us well, managing
our pyramid, increasing the use of automation and just overall delivery efficiency. So that's the first part
on wages as it relates to operating margin.

And just coming back to the same point on V&A. So let me just give you a little bit more color on V&A,
coupled with what I talked about a little bit earlier, and of course I'm not going to give any specific
guidance for FY '22 until September. But we do expect to have a higher level of inorganic contribution next
year, probably around something closer to 4%. And that's really due to the fact that we're deploying about
$4 billion in FY '21. A larger portion of that is closer to the later part of the year, and we expect to benefit
from more of that revenue in FY '22.

We also expect at this time to deploy somewhere around $4 billion in FY '22. That's including umlaut,
which we expect to close next year, early in the year.

And of course, as Julie said, we always have -- we've always said we have the ability to do more, but
that's our line of sight today. But -- and it's up to us to manage our -- all the levers that we have at
our disposal, to continue within the perimeters of clients and our overhead and structural costs to make
sure that we continue to drive modest margin expansion while investing at scale in our business and our
people.

Rod Bourgeois
DeepDive Equity Research

Great. And then just a quick follow-up on the revenue progression that's happening. Clearly, this is a
big industry recovery. Some of that's cyclical, some of it secular and you have certain COVID-impacted
verticals that are coming back online. I guess as we head into the next fiscal year, are there -- on the
other side, are there any revenue contributions that will taper as the COVID crisis ends? Are there any --
is there any sort of lumpy work that might taper off as you head into the next fiscal year amidst all of the
other momentum that's happening in the business?

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

There's nothing material. I mean think about the public sector, for example. We did a lot of COVID surge
work, but now you've got the fiscal stimulus that's around the world and you see the digitization of the
public sector, like we gave the example of Consip in Italy. So there's nothing material that we think will
be difficult to manage because you're seeing really -- when you see that in the results kind of across
industries, there's this need to digitize. So nothing material that we think to mention.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Bergin with Cowen.

Bryan C. Bergin
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

I'm curious, over the last 2 to 3 quarters, have you seen a notable change in clients' appetite for pricing
increases as broader transformation demand has ramped up?

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So let me talk to you a little bit about what we're seeing in terms of pricing overall. So just
importantly, as a reminder, when we talk about pricing, we define it as the contract profitability or margin
on the work that we sell, Bryan. And as always, the environment remains competitive. And in many areas
of our business, we did see pricing was lower. And that's really based on a combination of the fact that the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ACCENTURE PLC FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 24, 2021

market is competitive and disciplined investments that we're making. And so all of that is baked into our
operating margin guidance for the year.

Bryan C. Bergin
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Okay. And then one on Accenture Operations. I'm curious if you're seeing any change in the size and
scope of engagements that clients are outsourcing to. Can you just comment on some of the strength or
the drivers of the continued strength that you've shown in that business?

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

Yes. It's a great question. It's not so much about the size, it's really about the intent. I mean what you're
seeing is clients really saying, in a world where I've got to digitize the entire enterprise, right, what can --
where do I want to focus my own resources and leadership? And where can I leverage Accenture and their
investments? And this is where we really got ahead of the market, right, where we developed SynOps.
And what we're providing them is both cost efficiencies, but really outcomes of actual insights that come
from being able to digitize. And then you add on top of that where we have more clients thinking about
having us take over. We have a strong pipeline and taking over more people because we have such a great
employee value proposition, and so they're starting. When we think about the future of work, think about
it, we're seeing more of our clients really see it as a combination of their own employees, automation or
bots and then partners like Accenture that really integrate with their own employees, and we're just the
leader here. And so it's more about the trends of the need to digitize that is what you're seeing reflected,
digitize at speed.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank.

Bryan Connell Keane
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Congrats on the results. I wanted to ask about strategy and consulting. It had been a laggard but saw that
it moved positively into high single digit. Just a little bit on the outlook there. Do you continue to see that
maybe reached some of the demand you're seeing in some of your other industry groups?

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Bryan, thanks for the question. You're right, we were very pleased with the acceleration to high single
digits in the quarter in strategy and consulting, which is what we expected. In terms of how we look at
just consulting overall type of work go-forward, we see it being strong double digit for the fourth quarter
and the second half of the year. That would mean we round up really kind of in a strong double-digit
growth perspective.

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

And Bryan, as a reminder, because I remind you all every single quarter, right, clients aren't focused
on, is it strategy and consulting or technology or operations? They are looking for outcomes. And what
makes us so unique is that all of these things, whether it's cloud or intelligent operations or marketing
transformation, bring together our services and with more confidence and certainty. And that's really how
we think about it.

Bryan Connell Keane
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

ACCENTURE PLC FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 24, 2021

Got it. And then just as a follow-up, the increase in M&A. Just curious on how you guys are thinking about
capital allocation, in particular, the dividends and the share repurchase. Does that change at all with a
little more M&A?

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Obviously, we'll give you -- I'll give you specifics in September, Bryan, for next year. But overall, our
capital allocation framework really remains intact.

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

I mean you should all just think about this as we're going to deliver on our commitments and we are
investing to drive the next waves of growth, and we are taking advantage of our ability to do so in this
market.

Angie Park
Managing Director & Head of Investor Relations

Last question. Operator, we have time for one more question, and then Julie will wrap up the call.

Operator

And that question will come from Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Amazing results. Sorry if this was already asked, I got -- I had to jump off earlier. Just on the record
number of deals, over $100 million. I'm just curious how the pipeline is for such deals going forward. Is
there an opportunity to replenish? Just what is the -- what do you see out there in terms of large deal
potential from here?

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Tien-Tsin, we still have a strong pipeline overall, and that includes in the large deal category.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. Good. And then just on the 4-point organic contribution. I heard that for next year. How about on
the margin impact there? I think, KC, you've mentioned that there'll be a little bit of impact on margin,
you'll still be able to expand. Just wanted to make sure I heard that correctly.

Kathleen R. McClure
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So yes, we want to -- so what I did say is that we do expect inorganic contribution next year about
4%. And we -- our line of sight now is about $4 billion of capital spend next year '22, but we expect
modest margin expansion to continue in '22.

Julie T. Spellman Sweet
CEO & Director

Great, Tien-Tsin. Okay. In closing, we really appreciate everyone joining us today. We believe that we
are unique because of both what we do and how we do it. And we're a company that, as I shared before,
creates value and leads with values. I want to thank all of our people and our leaders for what you're
doing every day. And finally, I want to thank all of our shareholders for your continued trust and support.
We will make sure to earn it every day. Be well.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

ACCENTURE PLC FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 24, 2021

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10 a.m. Eastern today through
September 23. You may access the AT&T replay system at any time by dialing 1 (866) 207-1041 and
entering access code 1334620. International participants may dial (402) 970-0847. That does conclude
our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and for using AT&T conferencing service. You
may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

ACCENTURE PLC FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 24, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

