Adobe Inc. NasdaqGS:ADBE
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, June 11, 2020 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

2.32

2.45

5.60

2.46

2.40

9.71

9.75

11.11

3158.08

3128.00

(0.95 %)

3264.38

3150.00

12963.21

13150.00

15012.73

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jun-11-2020 6:35 PM GMT

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.97

2.26

2.23

2.32

2.05

2.29

2.27

2.45

4.06 %

1.33 %

1.79 %

5.60 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
ADOBE INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 11, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

John F. Murphy
Executive VP & CFO

Jonathan Vaas
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Shantanu Narayen
Chairman, President & CEO

ANALYSTS

Aleksandr J. Zukin
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Brad Alan Zelnick
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Brent John Thill
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Jay Vleeschhouwer
Griffin Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Jennifer Alexandra Swanson
Lowe
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Kasthuri Gopalan Rangan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Keith Weiss
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Keith Frances Bachman
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Mark L. Moerdler
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Saket Kalia
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Stewart Kirk Materne
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ADOBE INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 11, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon, and welcome to the Adobe Q2 FY '20 Quarterly Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]
Today's conference is being recorded.

I'd like to turn the conference over to our Vice President of Investor Relations, Jonathan Vaas. Please go
ahead, sir.

Jonathan Vaas
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. With me on the call today from their home offices are
Shantanu Narayen, Adobe's President and CEO; John Murphy, Executive Vice President and CFO; as well
as Mike Saviage who, in March, announced his retirement as Adobe's Head of Investor Relations and is
continuing to assist with the transition.

On this call, we will discuss Adobe's second quarter fiscal year 2020 financial results. By now, you should
have a copy of the press release, which crossed the wire approximately 1 hour ago. We've also posted
PDFs of our prepared remarks and an updated data sheet on Adobe's Investor Relations website.

Before we get started, we want to emphasize that some of the information discussed in this call, including
our financial targets and product plans, is based on information as of today, June 11, and contain forward-
looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Actual results may differ materially
from those set forth in these statements. For a discussion of these risks and uncertainties, you should
review the forward-looking statements disclosure in our press release we issued today as well as Adobe's
SEC filings.

On this call, we will discuss GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between the 2
are available in our earnings release and on Adobe's Investor Relations website. Call participants are
advised that the audio of this conference call is being webcast live and is also being recorded for playback
purposes. An archive of the webcast will be made available on Adobe's Investor Relations website for
approximately 45 days. The call audio and the webcast may not be rerecorded or otherwise reproduced or
distributed without Adobe's prior written permission.

I will now turn the call over to Shantanu.

Shantanu Narayen
Chairman, President & CEO

Thanks, Jonathan and good afternoon. I hope you and your families are safe and healthy. Adobe's second
quarter coincided with what we hope was the peak of the COVID-19 pandemic. Around the world people
shifted their attention to their health and their families. Businesses focused on protecting their employees,
financial stability and continuing to serve their customers. Unfortunately, millions of people have lost their
jobs, and small and medium-sized businesses have been hit particularly hard.

Through this crisis, Adobe's focus remains on employee health and safety, serving our customers and on
ensuring business continuity. We took early and decisive action to direct our teams to work from home,
suspend travel and cancel in-person events through 2020 to flatten the curve.

To support the communities in which we live and work, we have donated over $5 million and 22,000 hours
of virtual volunteer time to COVID-19 relief organizations. We are also proud to be part of the coalition
that developed the COVID-19 Testing Data Response Platform, providing test screening appointments and
insights for public health officials and government. We immediately instituted work streams to control
discretionary expenses and evaluate our strategic priorities to double down on those that will drive the
greatest growth and profitability for the long term. Through all of this, the resiliency and flexibility of our
employees has been awe-inspiring. I am proud of how our employees transitioned to this new reality.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ADOBE INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 11, 2020

Adobe is the digital experiences company, with millions of global customers relying on our products every
day to create the world's content, automate critical document processes and engage with their customers
digitally. Adobe's leadership in 3 large and growing categories, Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and
Experience Cloud, is driving our performance.

Adobe drove strong Q2 performance across Adobe Creative Cloud, Adobe Document Cloud and Adobe
Experience Cloud. We delivered $3.13 billion in revenue in Q2, representing 14% year-over-year growth.
GAAP earnings per share for the quarter was $2.27, and non-GAAP earnings per share was $2.45.

In our Digital Media business, we drove strong revenue growth in both Creative Cloud and Document
Cloud in Q2. Net new Digital Media annualized recurring revenue, or ARR, was $443 million, and total
Digital Media ARR exiting Q2 grew to $9.17 billion. Q2 Creative revenue was $1.87 billion, which
represents 17% year-over-year growth. Net new Creative Cloud ARR was $352 million.

The past couple of months have shown us that in times of uncertainty, people are turning to creative
expression to learn, cope and make an impact. Adobe Creative Cloud is the center of this new creative
renaissance, unleashing creativity for all and empowering millions of people around the world to tell their
stories. As schools faced physical closures and moved online, we focused our attention on enabling them
to create from home. We immediately provisioned 30 million students at home with Creative Cloud and
provided teachers distance learning support.

In Q2, we saw historic highs in adobe.com traffic across both Creative Cloud and Document Cloud.
Demand for our professional video products was particularly high with strong engagement for Adobe
Premier Pro and After Effects. We continue to see steady growth from social content creators using
Premier Rush, which saw a 75% increase in monthly active users quarter-over-quarter.

Mobile traffic, member sign-ups and monetization continues to accelerate. Adobe Fresco has seen a
greater-than-40% increase in downloads since the start of 2020. Photoshop Express has surpassed 20
million in monthly active users.

Our teams are gearing up for a significant Creative Cloud update later this month featuring exciting
new product innovation as well as new capabilities designed to facilitate collaboration between creators,
particularly important in this environment. We're excited to make Photoshop Camera generally available
on iOS and Android this week, bringing the magic of Photoshop to the point of capture. Photoshop Camera
is a fun and easy consumer app targeted at social creators, an increasingly important segment for Adobe.

At Adobe, we believe everyone is a creator, and we need to make products suitable for different skill
levels. Adobe Spark, available both on the web and as a mobile app, is targeted at the large group of
communicators who need to create social graphics, web pages and short videos for their business, school
or community.

As part of the strategic review of our Creative business, we have decided to increase our investment in 2
exciting areas: providing new solutions that address the unmet needs of the communicator segment and
ensuring that the web browser is a first-class authoring platform.

We're proud of the role we play in inspiring the global creative community. With our Honor Heroes
campaign, we galvanized our community to create artwork honoring essential workers on the frontlines.
We created an Adobe Fresco-compatible digital coloring book and launched a creative campaign with
musician Marshmello, challenging fans to create a video for his latest single, Be Kind.

Document Cloud revenue in Q2 was a record $360 million, and we grew Document Cloud ARR to $1.24
billion. With Adobe Document Cloud, we're accelerating document productivity, enabling our customers
to engage, transact and collaborate seamlessly in a remote work environment. As we did with Creative
Cloud, we implemented several programs to support our customers. This included making our web-based
PDF services on adobe.com free and implementing a government rapid response program to assist local
governments by providing extended trials for Adobe Document Cloud.

The shift to remote work has driven a surge in demand for digital documents, with use of web-based PDF
services up nearly 40% quarter-over-quarter and the number of documents shared in Acrobat increasing

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ADOBE INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 11, 2020

50% year-over-year. We continue to drive strong adoption for Adobe Sign, our cloud-based electronic
signature solution, with usage increasing 175% since the start of our fiscal year. Mobile usage exploded
with Acrobat Reader installations increasing 43% year-over-year and Adobe Scan installations, up 66%
year-over-year.

We're proud of the role our technology is playing in enabling our government customers to accelerate
their transition to digital. The City of Seattle's digital workplace division deployed Adobe Sign across its
departments when the city quickly shifted to telework. The State of Utah is using Adobe Acrobat and Sign
as part of its telework initiative to facilitate emergency response and streamline communication across the
state.

As part of the strategic review of our Document business, we're increasing investment in Adobe Sign
and our PDF services on the web and availability of PDF functionality through APIs to capitalize on the
wholesale shift to remote work and digital-first document processes.

In our Digital Experience business, we achieved Experience Cloud revenue of $826 million for the quarter.
As outlined at our last earnings call, we saw anticipated delays in enterprise bookings and consulting
services implementations as companies prioritized employee and financial well-being. The extreme
economic challenges that enterprise customers in certain verticals experienced as well as weakness in our
commercial segment that targets small- and medium-sized businesses also adversely impacted bookings.
In addition, the significant global decline in advertising spending impacted our Advertising Cloud revenue.

Despite the short-term challenges, the mandate to digitally transform has taken on heightened urgency.
Enterprises continue to recognize Adobe's leadership in customer experience management. Key customer
wins in the quarter included IBM, Walgreens, Safeway, Astellas Pharma and Allianz.

We're dedicated to our customers' success and proud to see the impact our technology is having.
Government organizations such as the U.S. Census Bureau are relying on Adobe Experience Cloud to
modernize citizen experiences. 3M and Verizon are reaping the benefits of the Adobe Experience Platform,
and we now cumulatively have over 10 billion active customer profiles running on Adobe Experience
Platform.

Adobe Experience Cloud was named a leader with the highest position among 19 vendors in the Gartner
Magic Quadrant for Multichannel Marketing Hubs as well as a leader by Forrester in the B2B and B2C
Commerce Suites Wave reports.

We successfully transitioned Adobe Summit to an exclusively digital event where we debuted new Adobe
Experience Cloud innovation, including intelligent services, customer journey analytics and the customer
experience management playbook. The Adobe Summit Live virtual experience enabled us to engage a far
larger audience than an in-person event and set the bar for virtual events. Cumulatively, we have engaged
with more than 0.5 million visitors.

While it was difficult to imagine only conducting business with CMOs and CIOs virtually, a side benefit
of everyone working at home is that we're able to schedule and engage with far more customers across
multiple continents. In all these discussions with business leaders, it is clear that investments in digital,
and specifically customer experience, are more important than ever.

As a result of the strategic review of our Digital Experience business, it is clear that we have an
unparalleled value proposition and market-leading solutions across content and commerce, customer
journey management and customer data and insights, all powered by the Adobe Experience Platform.
To further our lead, we are increasing our investment in AI and machine learning, next-generation
applications and services on the Adobe Experience Platform and accelerated integration of our content and
commerce offerings.

Our current advertising offerings consist of Advertising Cloud software solutions as well as Advertising
Cloud transaction-driven solutions. We will continue to offer our Advertising Cloud software solutions to
our Digital Experience customers, but this will not be an area of growth moving forward. CMOs want a
single source of reporting and attribution for their advertising investment, which we can uniquely offer
through the combination of Advertising Cloud and the Adobe Experience Cloud. We have decided to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ADOBE INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 11, 2020

accelerate our previously stated strategy of eliminating the low-margin Advertising Cloud transaction-
driven offerings. These offerings are no longer core to our overall value proposition of delivering on
customer experience management nor contributing to our subscription-based bookings and revenue and,
in fact, are extremely resource intensive. The impact of this strategic shift was evident in our Q2 revenue,
cost of goods sold and gross margin results and will be factored into future Digital Experience targets.

Earlier this year, we hired Anil Chakravarthy to drive the immense enterprise opportunity. Over the past
few months, Anil continued to expand his charter with responsibility for strategy, product engineering and
marketing, consulting and customer success for the Digital Experience business. Coincident with the long-
planned retirement of Matt Thompson, Adobe's Executive Vice President of Worldwide Field Operations,
Anil will now be adding responsibility for the entire worldwide enterprise field organization. Over the
past 13 years, Matt has played a pivotal role in the company's transformation to a subscription software
model in the Digital Media business as well as the creation of the Digital Marketing category. He has built
a world-class go-to-market organization and championed customer centricity. I will miss our partnership
and wish Matt well in his retirement. Matt has built a deep management bench, and I'm confident that this
combined organization will thrive under Anil's leadership.

Adobe is the market leader in customer experience management, and we have invested in deep product
integration, platform innovation and a robust ecosystem. We are well positioned to execute on the growing
total addressable market for customer experience management.

At Adobe, we are guided by our belief that it's not only what we do but how we do it that is core to our
success. We believe that everyone deserves respect and equal treatment, and we're outraged at the
senseless violence against the black community in the U.S. This is a painful reminder of the injustice and
systematic racism that exists in our country. We can and must do better, and we're committed to doing so
at Adobe.

Great companies are defined by how they lead through adversity. We have successfully navigated several
crises and have always used them as a catalyst to make strategic and structural change to emerge
stronger. I am particularly proud of how our employees embraced the current challenges and rallied to
ensure that innovation, customer centricity and adherence to our core values remains front and center.
Our employees, broad and diverse portfolio of products, strong balance sheet and rigorous operating
cadence put us in a rarified atmosphere among companies of our size and scale. We will emerge stronger
than ever. John?

John F. Murphy
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Shantanu. In the second quarter of FY '20, Adobe achieved record revenue of $3.13 billion, which
represents 14% year-over-year growth. GAAP diluted earnings per share in Q2 was $2.27, and non-GAAP
diluted earnings per share was $2.45.

Business and financial highlights in Q2 included Digital Media revenue of $2.23 billion, net new Digital
Media ARR of $443 million, Digital Experience revenue of $826 million, expanding profitability with strong
earnings per share, cash flow from operations of $1.18 billion and repurchasing approximately 2.6 million
shares of our stock during the quarter.

Adobe's strong second quarter performance demonstrates our continued top and bottom line growth
despite an ongoing global pandemic. We are well positioned to navigate the continuing crisis given our
resilient business model and a healthy balance sheet. In the work from home and distance learning
environment, our strategy of fueling content creation, digital workflows and digital transformation is more
relevant than ever as digital engagement continues to underpin the global economy.

In our Digital Media segment, we achieved 18% year-over-year revenue growth in Q2. On an FX-adjusted
basis, using rates in effect as of the start of our Q2, Digital Media revenue grew 19% year-over-year.
During Q2, we added $443 million of net new Digital Media ARR, our strongest Q2 on record. Total Digital
Media ARR exiting the quarter was $9.17 billion. Within Digital Media, we achieved another strong quarter

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ADOBE INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 11, 2020

with our Creative business. Creative revenue grew 17% year-over-year, and we increased Creative ARR by
$352 million.

During the second quarter, we saw increased demand for our solutions on adobe.com amid the work-
from-home environment, and usage of our products spiked notably during the quarter. Q2 Creative
growth drivers included strong new user growth across all geographies, including single app adoption by
individuals; adoption of our professional video products, including single-app Premier Pro subscriptions, as
engagement from communicators and YouTubers increased significantly; strength in migrating students
and trial users to paid subscriptions; significant unit growth for paid mobile subscriptions; and continued
focus on targeted campaigns using insights from a data-driven operating model, which drove significant
growth in web traffic during the quarter.

Adobe Document Cloud delivered another quarter of strong revenue growth. We achieved record
Document Cloud revenue of $360 million, which represents 22% year-over-year growth. And we added
$91 million of net new Document Cloud ARR during the quarter. As with our Creative business, Document
Cloud benefited from tailwinds associated with knowledge workers and communicators working from
home. And we had a particularly strong quarter driving new business for Adobe Sign, with net new ARR
more than doubling year-over-year.

Document Cloud performance during Q2 was driven by strength on adobe.com across the individual and
SMB segments; significant growth in consumer adoption of mobile apps and PDF services; shortened deal
cycles for enterprise Acrobat and Sign customers as the imperative to translate paper processes to digital
accelerates across the globe; increased pipeline and improved execution in the government segment,
particularly for our Sign solution; and conversion of free mobile app users and our Reader installed base to
paid subscriptions.

Across Digital Media, consistent with our expectations, we experienced some weakness for the SMB
offerings in the reseller channel and adobe.com.

Turning to our Digital Experience segment, our primary focus is to grow software-based subscription
revenue across our portfolio of products. Our Adobe Experience Cloud revenue includes subscription
revenue, which includes revenues from Advertising Cloud; professional services revenue; and other, which
includes perpetual, OEM and support revenue.

In Q2, we achieved quarterly Digital Experience revenue of $826 million, which represents 5% year-over-
year growth. Digital Experience subscription revenue was $707 million, representing 8% year-over-year
growth. And Digital Experience subscription revenue, excluding Advertising Cloud revenue, grew 18%
year-over-year.

As outlined on our Q1 earnings call, our Advertising Cloud revenue was negatively impacted given the
COVID-19 situation. As we saw the extent of the global decline in advertising spend, we made the
strategic decision mid-quarter to cease pursuing transaction-driven Advertising Cloud deals. Together, this
resulted in a shortfall of approximately $50 million relative to our targeted Q2 revenue.

A significant portion of the revenue from the transaction-driven Advertising Cloud offerings is recognized
on a gross basis with the related cost of media purchase recognized as cost of goods sold, resulting
in low gross margin percentages for these offerings. While the discontinuation of these offerings will
negatively impact revenue, it will enable us to drive improvements to our overall gross margins, DSO and
the profitability of our Digital Experience segment as already evident in this quarter's results.

We now expect approximately $200 million total Advertising Cloud revenue for the full fiscal year with $70
million for the second half, decelerating from the first half of the year. As comparison, we achieved $360
million in Advertising Cloud revenue in fiscal 2019, and our original 2020 targets assume that Advertising
Cloud would grow at rates consistent with the overall subscription revenue for Digital Experience.

In Q2, our professional services revenue in Digital Experience declined approximately 8% year-over-year.
While there were some delays in converting consulting backlog to revenue early in Q2, we saw progress in
implementations as the quarter progressed.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ADOBE INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 11, 2020

Through a challenging quarter, we continue to build pipeline and saw strength in our content and
commerce offerings, particularly in the enterprise segment. As with consulting, we saw some momentum
late in the quarter in our commercial segment that targets small and medium businesses.

Across Adobe as we navigate the economic downturn, we are managing the business carefully to drive
growth and profitability. We reduced discretionary spending and delivered a strong operating margin. Our
operating expenses declined sequentially quarter-over-quarter as a result of a reduction in the pace of
hiring, savings across travel and entertainment and in-person event cancellations. Having completed our
strategic review and reprioritization, we will now turn our focus to investing appropriately for continued
long-term growth.

From a quarter-over-quarter currency perspective, FX decreased revenue by $18 million. We had $5
million in hedge gains in Q2 FY '20 versus $7 million in hedge gains in Q1 FY '20. Thus, the net sequential
currency decrease to revenue considering hedging gains was $20 million. From a year-over-year currency
perspective, FX decreased revenue by $37 million. The $5 million in hedge gains in Q2 FY '20 versus the
$9 million in hedge gains in Q2 FY '19 resulted in a net year-over-year currency decrease to revenue
considering hedging gains of $41 million.

Adobe's effective tax rate in Q2 was minus 10% on a GAAP basis and 10% on a non-GAAP basis, in line
with our Q2 targets. Our trade DSO was 40 days, which compares to 42 days in the year ago quarter and
41 days last quarter. Remaining performance obligation, or RPO, grew by 19% year-over-year to $9.92
billion exiting Q2 and was relatively flat quarter-over-quarter. Adobe.com cloud offerings, typically billed
monthly, are reported as unbilled backlog whereas channel offerings, billed annually upfront, are reported
as deferred revenue. The strength in acquisition from adobe.com during the quarter drove a mix shift from
deferred revenue to unbilled backlog. We exited Q2 with $3.46 billion in deferred revenue.

Our ending cash and short-term investment position exiting Q2 was $4.35 billion, and cash flow from
operations was $1.18 billion in the quarter. Consistent with macroeconomic trends, we saw some increase
in customer requests for billing concessions. We continue to be focused on working with our customers to
ensure their success while managing our cash flows.

In Q2, we repurchased approximately 2.6 million shares at a cost of $850 million. We currently have $3.4
billion remaining of our $8 billion repurchase authority granted in May 2018, which goes through 2021.

In light of the macroeconomic environment and the strategic shifts for Advertising Cloud, we are
withdrawing the annual fiscal 2020 targets.

Our targets factor current macroeconomic conditions, continued impacts of the pandemic and typical Q3
seasonality across the summer months of June, July and August. For Q3, we are targeting revenue of
approximately $3.15 billion, Digital Media segment year-over-year revenue growth of approximately 16%,
net new Digital Media ARR of approximately $340 million, Digital Experience segment revenue flat year-
over-year, Digital Experience subscription revenue growing 5% year-over-year or 14% when excluding
Advertising Cloud revenue, tax rate of approximately 10% on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis, share count
of approximately 485 million shares, GAAP earnings per share of approximately $1.78 and non-GAAP
earnings per share of approximately $2.40.

We expect typical seasonal strength in Q4 across our Digital Media and Digital Experience business. We
expect our operating expenses to increase in line with growth rates in previous years as we continue to
invest for growth.

In summary, our resilient business model, healthy balance sheet and data-driven operating model enabled
us to successfully navigate this unprecedented macroeconomic environment. We are extremely proud of
how our employees have continued to innovate and remain productive. Our long-term opportunity remains
robust given digital technologies will increasingly drive the global economy.

I'll now turn the call back over to Jonathan.

Jonathan Vaas
Vice President of Investor Relations

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ADOBE INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 11, 2020

Thanks, John. As we announced last month, we have shifted Adobe MAX, our annual creativity conference,
to be an online event this October. Information about the event can be found online at max.adobe.com.
We plan to host a virtual financial analyst meeting later in the fall. Invitations will be sent to our analyst
and investor e-mail list this summer.

If you wish to listen to a playback of today's conference call, a webcast archive of the call will be available
on Adobe's IR site later today. You can also listen to a phone replay by calling the numbers shown above.
The phone playback service will be available beginning at 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time today and ending at 5:00
p.m. Pacific Time on June 18.
We would now be happy to take your questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ADOBE INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 11, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question today from Brent Thill with Jefferies.

Brent John Thill
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Shantanu, for the third quarter of Digital Experience, you're guiding to flat revenue growth. And I think
many are just curious, given the digital tailwinds, why such a steep headwind on this business? And also
as a follow-up, if you could just talk to the field changes with Matt's departure and Anil picking up, just
reassurance around the field, that there won't be any major changes, that would be great.

Shantanu Narayen
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure, Brent, happy to answer both of the questions. I mean, first, as it relates to Digital Experience,
I think, as we said, while we saw a little bit of slowness in interest at the beginning of the quarter, we
certainly -- as people dealt with the employee issues as well as financial stability, the interest and demand
in Digital Experience absolutely continues to grow stronger.

With respect to Matt and Anil's transition, we really don't expect any issue. Matt has been planning for this
for a long time. Anil has certainly, in his role as CEO at Informatica, managed the field. There's a deep
bench. Matt is available for a transition. And he's certainly going to remain a friend of the company. And
so I would not anticipate any issues whatsoever with respect to the field transition because the next layer
is completely in place and has tremendous experience with Adobe.

I think as it relates to the revenue expectations for Q3, Brent, I think maybe I can touch a little bit on
what we said with the Advertising Cloud again, just to make sure everybody understands that, which
is the opportunity, if you take a step back around both Digital Experience and customer experience
management, there's no question that it's larger than prior to this pandemic. And as you know, Brent,
we have an unbelievably unique portfolio of products. And so what we did was we said let's take the
opportunity to really prioritize the largest growth vectors as well as look at profitability. Content and
commerce had a great quarter. Customer experience orchestration continues to be really important.
Analytics and insight is really important. And Advertising Cloud, as it relates to the solutions that we have
for attribution and insight, they add a significant amount of value for our customers.

However, again, as we said, given in Advertising Cloud they are 2 separate businesses, the software-
driven and the transaction-driven, we did take the opportunity to accelerate our moving away from the
lower-margin transaction business, something, as you remember, we actually signaled at our analyst
meeting last year. And so when you take out the revenue impact associated with that, you will find that
the strength of the business continues.

As it relates to bookings, in Q2, we achieved -- the book of business for subscription bookings was greater
than 15%. That, in this current climate, I would say, was excellent performance. And so we continue to
feel really positive about the business. But hopefully, that gives some color.

And the last thing I would say is even if you think about our Q2, Brent, when we guided to $3.175 billion
and we said that we had $50 million in advertising revenue, that we decisively decided to stop pursuing.
With the numbers that we posted, you could see that we had a really good quarter.

Operator

Next, we'll hear from Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.

Keith Weiss
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ADOBE INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 11, 2020

A very nice job on the quarter. Shifting focus to the Digital Media side of the equation, John, in your
comments, you talked about seeing some weakness in the commercial and SMB side of the equation.
Frankly, with $443 million in net new ARR addition doesn't really show through in terms of the numbers.
So it's pretty remarkable that you saw that kind of strength even with the weakness. But can you walk us
through kind of the puts and takes on that? Like, what were the areas that were weaker? And sort of what
were the areas that had such strong outperformance that you guys were able to, even with that, exceed
your, like, $380 million target?

Shantanu Narayen
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Maybe I'll start as well, Keith, and then John can certainly add. I mean, overall, clearly, when you
think about the Creative and the Document business, working from home, shelter in place and the ability
to both create and tell their story as well as what's happening with the documents, you're right. I mean
we had guided to about $385 million. It's a record for a Q2 for us in our business. So it was strong. I think
what we were trying to also give color was the different routes to market. And when you think about the
routes to market, certainly, adobe.com, the traffic right through the quarter was very strong because, as
you know, we have a data-driven operating model. We use the effective marketing tools to continue to
drive visitor acquisition across the globe.

I think small and medium businesses, we would all say, was probably the most impacted as you think
about a customer segment. And therefore, through the channel, what we were trying to indicate was that,
that revenue was lower than we would have normally seen. We fully expect that, that business is going
to come back as that segment continues to get strong. But Document Cloud, Sign, Video, Single App, all
did really strong, Keith, as it relates to what happened on adobe.com. So it was more a route to market,
and there's probably some aspect of folks, who typically transacted through the channel, who are also
probably coming to adobe.com as a result.

John F. Murphy
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I wouldn't add anything. I think Shantanu covered all the points there.

Operator

Next, we'll hear from Jennifer Lowe with UBS.

Jennifer Alexandra Swanson Lowe
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Actually, I wanted to follow up on Keith's question a little bit and maybe get a bit more granular because
we certainly heard about some of the things that worked in your favor this quarter. You put that in
contrast of guidance, which seemed to imply things being down sequentially pretty significantly, how --
I know these things are hard to parse out but maybe just looking at the linearity of net new ARR as you
moved through the quarter, was there sort of an upswing and then sort of slowdown in demand as you
kind of saw a surge as people moved to shelter in place and work from home and that drove a specific
level of demand that you don't expect to continue in Q3? Because it seems like a lot of these things are
durable. So I'm just curious, if you have any way of parsing out what might have been sort of a point in
time around shifts in how people work and maybe consumer demand attached to being at home relative to
things which seem like they should be favorable, durable shifts for the business.

Shantanu Narayen
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, Jennifer. Again, I think as the shelter in place, work at home began, when we last spoke to you, it
was, I think, 10 days into the quarter, and we said that we had actually seen limited impact of COVID. And
then we did see an increase as it related to the traffic, which actually continued quite high right through
the quarter. So we continued to see the strength in that particular business on the acquisition side. It's
early, but the first few days of the quarter, again, we continue to see the strength in Q3.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ADOBE INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 11, 2020

I think as you know and have followed us for a while, Q3 tends to be our seasonally weak quarter. We
have such a great insight into the business as it relates to the data-driven operating model. So while
the overall against the addressable market is certainly a durable trend, I think we're factoring in normal
seasonality. We're not assuming that things will get better as it relates to the small and medium business.
But overall, whether it's the Document Cloud or the Creative Cloud, we continue to feel good. I think
if there was one thing, though, we probably overestimated the impact of COVID as it related to the
consumer space. And now I think a number of you are like, wow, that was great outperformance. And we
-- if you look at our Q3 numbers as well, it will clearly demonstrate continued momentum in that business.

Operator

Saket Kalia with Barclays Capital has our next question.

Saket Kalia
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. Great. Hope all is well. Shantanu, maybe for you, can you just talk about the bigger picture with the
decision on Advertising Cloud? It seems like the margin benefit of slightly lower focus on the transactional
part of the Ad Cloud kind of has an interesting by-product with the margin. And so perhaps the bigger
question is, do you feel the team is perhaps going to balance profitability a little bit more with growth in
the DX business than it has in the past?

Shantanu Narayen
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, first, Saket, unlike other companies in the enterprise space, we've never pursued revenue that is
not good, profitable revenue, which I know other companies do. And so I would say what we did really
well in the quarter was say how do we take a step back, understand strategically what are the really long-
term growth opportunities and how is the business going to get transformed as a result of what we saw.
In that particular context, when every company on the planet, whether it's a small and medium or large
businesses saying how do I engage digitally with customers, it's clear that the content and commerce
associated with our offerings, what we can do around customer journey orchestration and the core
analytics and insight is really where all of these built on Experience Platform is where we are unparalleled
in terms of the unique differentiation.

On the advertising side, there really were 2 businesses, and this is something that we have talked about,
which is does the software-driven business that shows how attribution works, that really can benefit from
the Adobe analytics insight in terms of making sure you're spending that money well. And so that, we will
continue to offer. But we doubt that that's going to be a huge growth opportunity. It was the transaction
business, which is very resource-intensive. And that one, we had always signaled that we were going to
be reducing that business. We certainly use the pandemic as a catalyst to say let's make a change right
now so we can double down our resources on what really represent durable, long-term opportunities. So
hopefully, that gives you a little bit of color on strategically why waste the crisis in terms of making the
changes that you know you can make to be a stronger company.

Operator

Our next question will come from Brad Zelnick with Crédit Suisse.

Brad Alan Zelnick
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Congrats to you all on a great quarter. My question is for John. John, in your prepared remarks, you stated
that coming away from the strategic review, you will now turn your focus to investing appropriately for
continued long-term growth. Can you expand on what exactly you mean by that? And how is that any
different than what Adobe has always done?

John F. Murphy
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ADOBE INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 11, 2020

Yes, that's a fair question, Brad. I think when we look at Q2 because of the pandemic, we obviously
benefited in earnings and our margin related to expenses that basically slowed down because we couldn't
hire the way we would typically hire. We couldn't travel the way we wanted to be travel and, certainly, the
cancellation of the in-person events. We certainly are a growth-oriented company. So the point really was
to say, hey, we're going to invest in growth going forward. We've got these great opportunities in front of
us, as Shantanu has laid out. And so the operating margin that we achieved in Q2 is the one that I would
pencil in as a trend line. It's really what I was trying to get to. And we have great opportunities to invest
for growth. And as we've proven, as we continue to grow revenue, we continue to grow profitability in the
long run.

Shantanu Narayen
Chairman, President & CEO

And Brad, maybe just to add a little bit to what John added, I mean, we actually took very decisive action
at the beginning of the quarter because we did not know how widespread, how long the pandemic would
be to make sure that we controlled our expenses. When you look at the opportunities that we have on the
Document Cloud, when you look at the opportunities that we have with Experience Platform, the ability to
continue on variable marketing to make sure that we're acquiring the right customers that will deliver the
right long-term value, I think that's really important for us to continue to make sure that we're opening up
the company back to the long-term opportunities that we have because we're going to be in an even more
unique place than the smaller companies. So to your point earlier, Brad, it is something that we always
do. I think John was also referring to the early actions that we took. And saying, hey, we understand our
business, and so it's time to really focus on the long-term opportunities that will continue to drive both top
and bottom line growth.

Operator

We'll now hear from Mark Moerdler with Bernstein Research.

Mark L. Moerdler
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Congrats on the quarter, given all the moving parts, it's a tough thing to work your way through.
Document Cloud and Sign were really strong this quarter. As you mentioned, COVID-19 was a tailwind.
Can you give us some color about how you think about those tailwinds going forward, just do they
abate as people start to move back? Do they continue as they move back? Any color would be much
appreciated. And then as a quick follow-up, can you give any color on how much of revenue now came
through adobe.com versus traditionally?

Shantanu Narayen
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, Mark, I think this is similar to the question that Jennifer asked, which is nobody is going to go back
to business as usual. I mean if you take Adobe as a company and how we also think about reentry, I think
the new normal is going to be people working in remote locations, engaging more digitally, making sure
that digitization continues to be a really important phenomenon. So I think as it relates to the Document,
as you know, Mark, we have been excited about it. We've always talked about the move from perpetual to
subscription. We had talked about PDF services on the web. And as we said, that's all substantial growth,
making sure PDF API functionality is available for anybody who wants a document that's part of any
system that they are trying to accomplish. And so we don't think that abates. We think that these will just
continue to be secular tailwind trends that we will benefit from. And I think that, again, going back maybe
to Brad's question, is the reason why we feel optimistic, given everything that we've seen, to make sure
that we continue to capitalize on those particular opportunities. And so the Document business has always
been a growth. It just accelerated. And we think that that's a trend that will be durable.

Operator

Next, we'll hear from Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ADOBE INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 11, 2020

Stewart Kirk Materne
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Actually, I want to stay on the same topic in terms of the Document Cloud. Shantanu, given that this
might be the new normal and maybe demand is getting pulled forward, are you applying more resources
to that area from a sales capacity perspective, either verticalizing even further? Just what are you
doing, I guess, to capture, maybe what is the pull forward in terms of how people are thinking about the
digitization of Document? And then, John, just on a related topic, your bookings, in fact, in Document ARR
-- Document Cloud ARR has been up 30%, I think, the last 2 quarters. There seemed to be an upward bias
perhaps on revenue in that segment. Is that a fair assumption going forward?

Shantanu Narayen
Chairman, President & CEO

Kirk, your first question is a good one. And again, going back to what we were able to do during this,
we have made it so that the offerings that we have that combined the strength of what we are doing on
Adobe Sign with the strength that we have on content in the Digital Experience business and what we
were delivering with Forms, whether that was for the public sector, we have our entire field organization
now out there evangelizing what we can do on the Document side. So that gives you one example of a
significant shift as it relates to making sure that we have our entire organization aligned around the go to
market.

I think in terms of partnerships and partnerships that we have done on the Document side and Sign
and the API functionality, we've always talked about the opportunity that we have with Microsoft and
the integration. We also announced a really strategic partnership with ServiceNow. If you think what
ServiceNow is able to do, which is really change how workflows happen in an enterprise, every single one
of those workflows then need a statement of record as it relates to a PDF that then makes that tangible.
So again, that one we've been able to do. So really great question, and that's one of the ways in which we
are able to pivot like a nimble small company rather than -- and use our brand rather than wait. And so
that's an example of the entire -- DX field organization also now has an offering associated with Sign that
they can take into every one of our customers.

John F. Murphy
Executive VP & CFO

And I think on the -- in terms of the bias towards Document Cloud revenue growth versus Creative, both
are just huge opportunities, and we continue to see growth opportunities coming for both. Certainly,
obviously, the pandemic had maybe accentuated the move to digital document workflows and e-
signatures. But as we talked about, we see some of these smaller businesses come back. We certainly
expect them to come back in the Creative side as well because content creation is not going away, it's
imperative going forward for these businesses. So I think we just are excited about the opportunity in both
of those files and all the solutions associated with them.

Operator

Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities has our next question.

Jay Vleeschhouwer
Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division

Shantanu, John, does the strategic mix shift in DX improve the feasibility of you're getting back to a 65%
or better gross margin in DX, which is where you were before the TubeMogul acquisition? And perhaps as
part of your overall strategy, you could also talk about the role of increasing self-serve, which we talked
about on prior calls. Additionally, at Summit, Adobe had some very interesting things to say about some
new initiatives and technologies such as scalable content; optimized personalization; pervasive commerce,
which is a really interesting one; and then, of course, applications and intelligent services. So maybe
talk about the latter in terms of how you're thinking about resources for those and incremental business
opportunity from those.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

ADOBE INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 11, 2020

Shantanu Narayen
Chairman, President & CEO

As always, Jay, that was 3 questions mirrored in one, but I appreciate all of them. I think as it relates to
the COGS, I think, and the gross margin, you've actually seen that improve even as you look at the data
sheet that you have for Q2. So I think it's something like $35 million or something quarter-over-quarter.
So I think you see the improvement in the COGS. We're constantly looking at our COGS, and we want to
make sure we improve.

I think your question around Summit and the excitement that we have around all the things that we
announced is another reason why when you have that differentiated solution, that's really where, I think,
our value-add to a customer is so much higher. And there's a lot of interest. There's a lot of interest as
people look at it and say all of this data that they're now drowning in, how can they use Adobe's intelligent
services so that it automatically personalizes whatever is required for a user across multiple channels. So
you're right, I mean Summit for us was very interesting in that we were able to transact with a lot more
folks. We got a lot more awareness out. We were able to actually advance what we would do with Summit
that were globally rolled out. I would say it's probably a little less mature pipeline, and that's one thing
that you miss the ability to move that forward. But all of that's now -- we expect that trend as we move
into the second half in 2021 because that is going to be top of mind. So that's a little bit of how we're
looking at it.

Operator

We'll now hear from Kash Rangan with Bank of America.

Kasthuri Gopalan Rangan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

First off, I want to just congratulate my friend, Brent Thill, on his 25 years of being a software analyst.
Shantanu, in case you do not know, that's my value-add for you today. But my question for you,
Shantanu, as far as Adobe, what were the lessons learned by Adobe in this quarter operating virtually as
a company? And what are the windows -- or snippets of insights you could offer to us, go-to-market or
product development, partnership, marketing, the things that you were able to accomplish virtually? And
as a result, how much of it is here to stay as you look into 2021 and beyond? And the kind of savings, cost
expenses, whatever it is, revenue opportunities, how should we frame Adobe post pandemic?

Shantanu Narayen
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, Kash. I mean it's something that we are all focused on a lot as a company. I mean, first, I will
reiterate the fact that overnight, as a company, 20,000 employees all around the world were productive.
I mean in my internal note to the company as part of this earnings, I said I was just blown away. We had
our first ever virtual close, the IT organization in terms of how they've made sure that we're all productive
through video conferences. And I would actually say, when you look at existing projects, most people
would say that their productivity is actually greater than 100% because they're saving on travel, they're
saving on the ability to be very productive without too many meetings. And so I think as it relates to the
new normal, on the product engineering side, it's been phenomenally successful. I think we need a little
bit more focus on what happens with respect to creating new projects, so that's one of the brainstorming
that happens as it relates to the virtual whiteboarding. So that's something that we will continue to focus
on.

On the dealing with customers, which was the other part -- so internally, we feel very good. On the
dealing with customers, I think that went through a little bit of a slow pace as customers were first
thinking about their internal. But frankly, right now, I mean, sometimes you feel like you've conquered
time and space because you can have meetings with people across 4 continents on the same day. It
makes for a long day, Kash, but it actually feels really good that we're now engaging with customers. So
we just feel that our ability to attract talent also, wherever they might live, that's going to improve. And
so net-net, I would say, for a company like Adobe, internally, our productivity is overall higher. But even
more important, I think, it serves as an inflection point because every single company is now going to say,
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

ADOBE INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 11, 2020

hey, I need to go talk to Adobe, whether it's about Creative, whether it's about Document or whether it's
about Digital Experience. So I think the macro tailwind is probably going to be the longer-lasting benefit to
a company like Adobe.

And certainly, Brent, congratulations on 25 years. I mean the 2 of you have been a great sort of followers
of the company and very insightful, so congratulations.

Operator

We'll now hear from Keith Bachman with Bank of Montreal.

Keith Frances Bachman
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Shantanu, I want to direct this to you. In the past, you've talked about the growth of Creative, Creative
being both people or units as well as price/mix, and suggested that the growth of users has been a greater
contributor to the net growth rates of Creative. I just wanted to see, given the pandemic over the next few
quarters, is that still true? And how are you thinking about potential price increases when you normally
introduce new products with the Creative suite? And then also just wanted to sneak in one to see if you
could give us an update on Magento traction and integration and any kind of anecdotes on run rates
associated with that property.

Shantanu Narayen
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. I think on your first question, there's no question that the creative market, and everybody who has
a story to tell, is only getting larger. I mean, as we said, we were proud of our $30 million provisioned
feat also for education, which is going to be, I think, a great base for us to build on. And I wouldn't say
it is one segment or the other. I think really, Keith, it's all of the different segments. Mobile did very well.
We have different price points. We have Spark for communicators. And again, our vision is very clear. It's
the one-stop shop for everything from inspiration to monetization. So expect us to continue to see more
offerings, more price points and using our DDOM, frankly, to both acquire them as well as to make sure
that we serve them appropriately.

I'm glad you asked a question on commerce. Commerce usage has certainly gone up very dramatically
in terms of how we've seen it. The enterprise adoption of our commerce solutions was very strong in
the quarter. I think it's important for all of you to also remember that the way we do that is it's typically
license-based with a band of how many transactions. So it's really not about that the transaction doesn't
immediately result in revenue but whether it's a true-up or whether it's an increased band that they will
have to go to. So new customer acquisition was good in that. Usage has certainly gone up. It's almost like
you're having Black Fridays or Cyber Mondays every day, but we'll continue to hopefully see that as we
talk about renewals, how they get into higher bands.

Operator

Our final question will come from Alex Zukin with RBC Capital Markets.

Aleksandr J. Zukin
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Congrats to Brent for 25 years. I guess maybe, Shantanu, can you talk a little bit about -- as you look
at the linearity of the quarter, particularly for the Digital Experience business, kind of taking out the
Advertising Cloud piece, where are we in terms of sales cycle normalization in your mind? And then maybe
as a quick follow-up on the margins, given the new positive tailwind to gross margin from some of these
initiatives, is it fair to say that the new operating margin profile should be somewhere between the 1Q and
2Q levels?

Shantanu Narayen
Chairman, President & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

ADOBE INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 11, 2020

John, certainly, you can add on the margin. I think, Alex, as it relates to the linearity during the quarter,
I think the month of March, and this is probably true for most of the businesses, that was where the real
impact was felt, and then April actually became worse. But I think as we got into May, people started to
engage a lot more. We saw signs of improvement. I think John touched on that as well. And so I think
that's the way I would highlight it for 1 month, 1.5 months. Everybody knew digital was an imperative,
but they had other fires that they were fighting. And then as it related to March -- I mean May, sorry, it
all started to open up, and we're having far more conversations with customers. So hopefully, that gives
you some feeling about linearity, which is why we're optimistic about moving forward, as we have that
pipeline, how we will deal with. And the operating margin will be -- between the Q1 and Q2 levels, if you
think about it, you're not going to see any big change dramatically. But as John said, I think we'll continue
to invest in it.

And I realize we ran a little bit long with the prepared remarks, and so we may not be able to get all
of the questions. But let me again say, I'm really proud, I'm proud of what the company was able to
accomplish in Q2. And I'm even more excited about what the future growth opportunities are for Adobe,
because there's no question that digital is going to be even more of a driver of the economy. It's going to
amplify the urgency for individuals to be creative and collaborative. It's going to improve the urgency for
enterprises to engage digitally. And when you think about the portfolio of products that we have, learning
is no longer -- learning to be creative will no longer be a luxury. Dealing with electronic documents is
going to be the way business is transacted. The PDF platform and ecosystem is thriving. And on the
DX side, engaging digitally with customers is going to be mission-critical, irrespective of the size of the
business.

And so we're proud of our unique business model. Growth is a priority for us, but we will always focus as
we have with great cash flow and high profitability. I'm proud, again, as I said, that we used this crisis
to further refine our strategy and aligned the organization on what truly matters, which is sustained
innovation and delighting our customers.

Please stay safe, stay healthy, and thank you very much for joining us today.

Jonathan Vaas
Vice President of Investor Relations
This concludes our call. Thanks, everyone.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

ADOBE INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 11, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

