Adobe Inc. NasdaqGS:ADBE
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, December 10, 2020 4:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE CONSENSUS GUIDANCE CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE CONSENSUS GUIDANCE

2.66

2.81

5.64

2.59

2.78

9.95

10.10

1.51

11.14

11.20

3364.86

3424.00

1.76

3495.66

3750.00

12808.46

12868.00

0.46

14770.55

15150.00

EPS 
Normalize
d 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Dec-08-2020 2:59 AM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.23

2.32

2.41

2.66

2.27

2.45

2.57

2.81

1.79 %

5.60 %

6.64 %

5.64 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

23

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
ADOBE INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 10, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Abhay Parasnis
Executive VP of Strategy & Growth
and CTO

Ani Nayak
Head of Business Process
Transformation of Document Cloud

Gloria Chen
Chief People Officer & Executive VP
of Employee Experience

John F. Murphy
Executive VP & CFO

Jonathan Vaas
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Scott K. Belsky
Chief Product Officer & Executive
VP of Creative Cloud

Shantanu Narayen
Chairman, President & CEO

ANALYSTS

Aleksandr J. Zukin
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Brad Alan Zelnick
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Brent John Thill
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Hoi-Fung Wong
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

James Derrick Wood
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Jay Vleeschhouwer
Griffin Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Jennifer Alexandra Swanson
Lowe
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Keith Frances Bachman
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Mark L. Moerdler
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Stan Zlotsky
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Sterling Auty
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Stewart Kirk Materne
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Walter Herbert Pritchard
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ADOBE INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 10, 2020

Presentation

Jonathan Vaas
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Welcome to Adobe's Q4 Earnings and 2020 Financial Analyst
Meeting. I'm Jonathan Vaas, VP of Investor Relations for Adobe.

You should have a copy of the press release we filed this morning as well as our Investor Relations data
sheet.

We've got a great program plan for you today, which is, in many ways, similar to what we've done in the
past, and in a few ways, different. This year marks my tenth analyst meeting at Adobe. The first was the
year we had just launched Creative Cloud, and it's amazing to reflect on how that business has grown
since then.

For my first 9 analyst meetings, I was one of the many employees helping behind the scenes. And this
year, I have the privilege of introducing the executive speakers as the Head of Adobe's Investor Relations
program, a role I assumed earlier this year just after we had made the shift to working remotely. I've
really enjoyed all of the conversations with investors and analysts about Adobe's business this year, and I
look forward to meeting many of you in person at some point.

That leads to the other way today's program is a little bit different than what we've done in the past. This
is our first virtual analyst meeting. I for one will really miss the opportunity to meet many of you and chat
after the event, but we've also been learning this year about the power of communicating digitally and
seeing that we are able to meet to reach a broader audience with a webcast, than we might with an in-
person event. Due to the format, we streamlined the planned presentation today, but a long-form slide
deck has been posted to Adobe's IR site that has all of the detailed information you're used to seeing.

Let's take a look at the agenda.

Shantanu will kick things off today by talking a bit about the quarter and fiscal year we just completed,
and then moving over to Adobe's vision and strategy for the future. Abhay will then talk about the
company's vision from a technology lens. Scott will highlight our Creative Cloud strategy, Anil will go over
our Experience Cloud strategy and Gloria will talk about our strategy related to our people as well as other
Adobe stakeholders. Finally, John will provide a detailed financial summary and share Adobe's growth
strategy, and then we'll go to live Q&A.

Before we get started, as a reminder, some of the information we'll be providing today includes forward-
looking statements that are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may differ from these
statements, and we encourage you to review the risk factors in our SEC filings for more information.
Additionally, we'll be providing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations between the
2 can be found on Adobe's Investor Relations website.

I will now pass it over to Adobe's President and CEO, Shantanu Narayen.

Shantanu Narayen
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Jonathan. I'd also like to add my welcome. Thank you for joining our annual financial analyst
meeting.

Today's format is a little different than what we are used to. But to make the most of this year's medium,
we'll use the time today to cover strategy, business momentum as well as our financial performance. We
posted the complete deck, similar to what we've done in prior years, but rather than speak to every slide,
we'll have the management team share their highlights in their areas. And we've always saved some time
for Q&A at the end of our presentations.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ADOBE INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 10, 2020

First and most importantly, I hope you are all staying safe and healthy. It's really tragic to see the recent
spate of casualties, but the progress in vaccines gives us all hope that the worst will soon be behind us.
And clearly, none of us could have predicted how everything would change overnight, and the world as
we know it, would change so dramatically. Digital has even more become the primary way for people to
connect, work, learn and be entertained. This new reality has only increased the importance and relevance
of our solutions and accelerated the tailwinds that benefit our business. This, combined with our business
fundamentals, unparalleled innovation and world-class execution continues to drive our growth.

2020 was another momentous year for Adobe. And like all companies, our primary focus has been to
protect the health and safety of our employees and continue to serve our customers. We took swift and
decisive action to direct our employees to work from home, suspend travel and cancel in-person events.
And we focused on helping our customers make their own transition to digital overnight. For example, we
provisioned 30 million students with Creative Cloud so that they could create from home. We implemented
the government rapid response program to assist local governments. With our Honor Heroes campaign,
we galvanized our community to create artwork, honoring the true heroes: essential workers. And we set
the bar high for digital events with Adobe Summit as well as Adobe MAX. In fact, Adobe MAX garnered 21
million views. We continue to harness the trillions of transactions powered by the Adobe Experience Cloud
to provide a unique real-time perspective on the economy with the Adobe Digital Economy Index. And we
pioneered new areas such as the content authenticity initiative, which provides attribution functionality
that creators can attach to their work to create more transparency around how content has been posted
and edited.

Our leadership extends, to not only what we do but how we do it. And we're proud of the continued
industry recognition that we receive. We continue to be a top riser on the Interbrand Global Best Brands
of The Year for the fifth year in a row. We're consistently named one of the best places to work by both
Fortune and Glassdoor. And in an area that's becoming increasingly important to you as investors, we're a
leader, whether it's in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index or the Bloomberg Equality Index.

But as a product company at our core, it is our innovation engine that I'm most proud of as we continue
to fire on all cylinders. With Creative Cloud, we continue to remain the clear leader in a category that's
exploding. We delivered significant product innovation that extended our applications to multiple surfaces.
We added greater collaboration capabilities to all of our leading applications. And we continue to break
ground in new categories while improving engagement as well as customer satisfaction.

The Document Cloud continues to have huge demand in this digital environment, with PDF and Adobe Sign
all being mission-critical across many businesses.

We delivered more capabilities of words, as we refer to it, across desktop, web, mobile and through
our frictionless PDF services. And with Experience Cloud, we continue to build out the world's most
comprehensive customer experience management portfolio. And the new capabilities in the Adobe
Experience platform have now been expanded to include real-time customer profiles. We delivered
new services, intelligent services to further the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning in
organizations. We delivered new solutions like customer journey analytics, which unifies cross-channel
data. And I'm excited that we recently closed the acquisition of Workfront, which is a leading work
management solution for marketers.

On the financial side, after crossing the $10 billion mark in 2019, we haven't missed a beat. And as you
can see from our targets, we expect to exceed the $15 billion mark in 2021. And we're incredibly pleased
to drive both top and bottom line growth while generating cash and continuing to return to shareholders.
In fact, in 2020, we achieved $12.87 billion in revenue, which represents 15% year-over-year growth. In
Q4, we surpassed $10 billion in digital media ARR, which is a significant milestone for us as a company.
With the strong financial discipline that you've all been accustomed to, we continue to generate impressive
cash flows from operations and generated over $5 billion in fiscal '20. And we continue to focus on
earnings per share, with the earnings per share on a non-GAAP basis of $10.10, which represents 28%
year-over-year growth.

I truly believe that these financial accomplishments set us apart from all other software companies, and
the best is yet to come.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ADOBE INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 10, 2020

Adobe's mission is to change the world through digital experiences, and it has never been more relevant
as people seek new ways to communicate, learn and conduct businesses virtually. The benefits of our
innovation help billions across the globe and the impact is experienced across every aspect of society. It
motivates our employees to focus on having more impact and to invent the future.

When you think about the macro trends that we all experience, every industry is experiencing a tectonic
shift towards all things digital. And I believe that the events of this year have only accelerated that. The
genie is not going to go back into the bottle. And even regulated industries that have traditionally been
slower to embrace digital have certainly picked up the pace this year. We have industries like health care
that are transforming, whether it's through personalized medicine, telehealth and new ways, frankly, to
engage patients.

On the creative side, it continues to be the golden age of design and creativity, and design continues
to be a key competitive advantage because everyone at their heart is a creator. They want to express
themselves across new devices with new modalities. And creativity is so essential to how we connect, how
we cope and how we learn.

Education has also been reimagined. Because digital is central to how students learn today, whether it's
through remote education as well as by unlocking new forms of creative storytelling. And digital is also
breaking long standard -- long-standing barriers to access to education, which is something great because
it's making it more accessible.

The way we work will never be the same again. And it's great to see how the PC has experienced a
tremendous revival as the computing workhorse. Documents are at the center of how work gets done.
Paper to digital transformation is only accelerating, and every business process is going digital because
every business is now a digital business. Digital has become the primary way for all businesses to engage
with their customers. And it's true that customer expectations are also at an all-time high because e-
commerce is exploding. In fact, an annual holiday report that's powered by Adobe Analytics predicts
that online holiday spending will reach $189 billion, which represents 33% year-over-year growth. And
underpinning all of this is a massive shift towards artificial intelligence and machine learning, which will
only further these forces at play.

At Adobe, our strategy is at the nexus of this digital revolution. And through technology, we believe we
are transforming work, learn and play. We're relentlessly focused on looking around the corner, how do
we drive towards the next big market opportunity to solve customer pain points and anticipate their
needs. We've pioneered and we're leading 3 massive growing categories: creativity, digital documents
and customer experience management. And we're relentless about expanding the customer segments
we serve, adding more addressable market opportunity because we want to empower everyone, from
the student to the small business owner, to the largest enterprise in the world. And I believe we win by
creating path-breaking technology platforms that will lead the industry for decades. And today, work
across the entire computing paradigm, from the largest clouds to the smallest devices, and are built with a
service-oriented architecture that also enables us to have new monetization models.

In fact, our 3 industry-leading cloud offerings are more mission-critical than ever before across every
geography and audience. With Creative Cloud, we're unleashing creativity for all, giving anyone anywhere,
the tools to express their creativity. With Document Cloud, we're accelerating document productivity,
modernizing how people view, share and engage with digital documents. And with Experience Cloud,
we're powering digital businesses of all sizes, giving them everything that they need to design and deliver
great customer experiences. And underpinning our 3 clouds is the magic and power of Adobe Sensei, a
significant differentiator for Adobe and an enabler to more rapid innovation.

As it relates to the creative business, everywhere we look, whether it's entertainment, education or the
enterprise, content is fueling the digital economy. And that's driving an explosion of creators, tools and
assets that all represent tailwinds for our business. The reality is that creativity is for everyone, from the
students submitting their next school assignment to the creative professional making an ad, everybody
has a story to tell. And when you look at the categories, whether it's web content or mobile application,
creation, imaging, video, animation, screen design, augmented reality, AR, 3D, they're all surging in this
era of digital storytelling.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ADOBE INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 10, 2020

Creativity is essential because more than ever before, this year has shown us the power of creativity
in enabling people to express themselves, to connect and to cope. We believe that creativity is 1 of the
fundamental skills in the 21st century. And as machines get faster and smarter, skills that are uniquely
human like creativity will become increasingly more essential.

Creativity is also now multiplayer, because whatever your skill level, today's creative process is becoming
more intuitive and collaborative. And all creative professionals must manage these multiple work streams
across increasingly remote and dispersed teams requiring seamless cloud-based-enabled collaboration and
workflows that drive this productivity. Social communities like Behance that we have and live tutorials are
also providing new ways to learn and to be inspired.

For us, Adobe Creative Cloud's vision is to be the one-stop shop, from inspiration to monetization. You'll
hear from Scott later, but let me expand a little bit on our strategy. First, we want to advance every
creative category, and we're a category leader in core creative categories, including photography, design,
video, illustration and layout. And we're expanding our leadership in new and emerging categories,
including screen design and immersive media like 3D, VR and AR. And what the strategy has enabled us to
do is to acquire new creators through single app offerings and then demonstrate the benefits of the entire
Creative Cloud offering over time.

We're focused on building multi-surface systems, building solutions for every surface and system because
we want to enable anybody to create wherever and whenever inspiration strikes. We truly believe that
these devices are not just consumption devices anymore, but every device should also be a creation
device.

We're focused on adding collaboration services because we can ensure that content can be seamlessly
managed in the cloud and accessed from any device. And what this enables us to do on the business side
is to increase engagement, but also to acquire new stakeholders and expand our customer base with these
new monetization opportunities.

We want to engage and inspire the community and our vibrant communities, which are a critical driver
of both acquisition and engagement are succeeding. In fact, we've grown to over 25 million members
on Behance, which represents a huge opportunity for further upsell into the broader Creative Cloud
ecosystem. And programs like Adobe Live enable us to provide forums for creatives and to promote active

use and learning. We've always maintained that retention is the new growth, and that is more relevant
than ever before as we've crossed $10 billion in digital media annualized recurring revenue from our
current subscribers.

At the end of the day, we're focused on democratizing creativity, enabling anyone from a student to
a social media influencer, from a professional photographer, filmmaker and designer to express their
creativity. And we've delivered on new applications like Photoshop and Illustrator on tablets, consumer
apps like Photoshop camera and easy-to-use storytelling apps like Premiere Rush and Spark, which are all
attracting new users and expanding our base. But in addition to this tremendous product innovation, we
have a data-driven operating model, which is enabling our ability to capture this expansive opportunity
because we have a tremendously sophisticated understanding of our customer, and we're able to serve up
personalized experiences and offers at every part of this digital funnel and journey. And what this enables
us to do is unlock engagement as well as provides us with new upsell opportunities.

And when you put this all together, mapping the products and services that we are targeting across these
expansive segments and adjusting for factors like non-genuine usage, the Creative Cloud total addressable
market is projected to be approximately $41 billion in 2023. $20 billion of that addressable market is
coming from Creative Pros, which includes Creative Cloud apps and new services like Adobe Stock. $21
billion of the addressable market opportunity is coming from the broader communicator and consumer
segments, which includes products like Spark and Premiere Rush as well as the non pro users of Creative
Cloud as well as Stock. And our aspiration to unleash creativity will continue to be this North Star that we
will execute against for many years to come.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ADOBE INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 10, 2020

Among the key growth drivers that I'd like to highlight for this business include the ability to acquire new
customers through category single applications for screen design, video and 3D, using mobile increasingly
as a funnel through the creation of mobile IDs through mobile monetization services as well as upsell to
the multi-surface systems and new services such as Adobe Stock, as well as continued global acquisition
and expansion.

Turning to our second growth opportunity. It's clear and obvious that digital documents are now mission-
critical empowering the modern business. And we have seen this massive acceleration as businesses all
shifted to remote work overnight. The truth is that artificial intelligence and machine learning, the cloud
and mobile are all redefining the notion of productivity. It's reshaping how we work, it's enabling greater
flexibility, and it's requiring more collaboration across global dispersed teams. And artificial intelligence
is only amplifying this productivity. We're seeing a massive adoption of paper to digital processes and
workflows. And the paper-based tasks of the past are all now being moved digital.

And the other aspect that's happening are the cloud ecosystems are driving a new business opportunity,
what we call the API economy, which is revolutionizing how apps and services are both being built as well
as being monetized. What drives this is the fact that PDF continues to be the lingua franca for how things
happen on the Internet. We have over 2 billion mobile and desktop devices that have Reader or Acrobat
installed. In fact, we have 300 billion PDFs that are opened in Document Cloud applications over the last
12 months. And so strategically, as we think about the opportunity, the first is to expand what we call our
Sensei-powered Acrobat Works, and it's to enable all document actions, editing, sharing, scanning and
signing. It's to unlock the value that exists in trillions of PDFs that have been created by deciphering these
unstructured PDFs and making them truly responsive on mobile devices.

In fact, one of the innovations we're particularly proud of is called Liquid Mode in the Acrobat Reader,
which both deciphers and automatically reformats text, images and tables for quick navigation and
consumption, and is powered by Adobe Sensei. We think mobile fuels this new business opportunity
because PDF usage has absolutely exploded across mobile devices. Making this Acrobat experience
more frictionless across mobile and web is truly leveraging the ubiquitous PDF format that we have, and
we're expanding both the free and paid mobile customer base. We're also increasingly capturing the PDF
demand with Acrobat Web, because what we are doing is converting the massive demand for PDF web,
such as create and edit, through search through our frictionless services.

With every business going digital, the third aspect of the strategy is to enable the paper to digital
transformation through services that we have like Acrobat and Adobe Sign, but also to leverage what
we deliver through the Adobe Experience platform and the Adobe Experience Manager as well as Adobe
Experience Manager Forms. And we want to unleash an entirely new PDF ecosystem with Document
Services, which provides APIs to third-party developers, and they will then find new and exciting ways to
use PDF, and we will be able to monetize those services.

So let me expand on just a few of these opportunities. There are about 50 million searches for PDF
actions every month. And what we want to enable is through a single click, best-in-class web experience,
deliver quick access to actions that the customer wants and allow them to deliver and discover a more
comprehensive set of Acrobat offerings. This is similar to what we've done with the successful Reader
upsell motion, which is to drive engagement around PDF, to enable people to complete their tasks, and
then upsell people from the free product to Acrobat subscriptions.

The other aspect of our document cloud strategy is to deliver a unified Document Cloud platform. This
includes Acrobat, AM forms and Adobe Sign, which are central to the way work is getting done today. And
we have a tremendous go-to-market advantage because of the sophistication of our data-driven operating
model that gives us a really incredible understanding of our customers; how to reach them, how to serve
them effectively, and we have the ability to truly optimize everything on the funnel from acquisition all
the way through retention. We're continuing to expand the sign scale and reach into fast-growing new
verticals with significant go-to-market partnerships, including with Microsoft, Workday, ServiceNow and
Notarize. And we will continue to invest in the brand equity associated with PDF as the lingua franca of the
Internet.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ADOBE INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 10, 2020

We're incredibly excited about the second growth pillar: the Document Cloud strategy and the broader
addressable market that it represents, and we expect the addressable market to grow to $21 billion
in 2023. We're benefiting from the move to subscriptions. We're benefiting from visitor acquisition.
We're benefiting from mobile. And the PDF mobile opportunity itself represents approximately $11
billion of this addressable market. And on the Document Services platform, we're driving growth with
electronic signatures and new embedded services, which we believe represents $10 billion in addressable
opportunity.

Our third growth initiative is all about customer experience management, and we continue to believe
that it represents a massive opportunity with the acceleration that we all see and digital transformation.
Because the reality is that today, every business is a digital business. And the imperative for digital
customer engagement has never been greater, because every business has to understand their customers
and deliver personalized experiences. Because all of us as consumers, we buy experiences, not just
products.

The reality today is that customers are expecting this engaged, personalized digital experience, and we
want these interactions to feel easy and efficient. They need to be well-designed, they need to be context-
aware and they need to be seamless across channels and secure, and delivered at the exact microsecond
at which we expect it.

And delivering a next-generation platform to deliver and drive this experience is easier said than done,
because it requires businesses to completely merge content, data and artificial intelligence to deliver this
compelling, relevant, personalized experience in real time. And the truth is that companies must design for
this brilliance, but wire for intelligence.

Adobe created the digital marketing category, and we're now the leader in a much broader opportunity:
the customer experience management category. Our strategy is to deliver a comprehensive set of
applications and services, grouped in solution areas such as content and commerce, customer journey
management, customer data and insights. And now with the closing of our Workfront acquisition, work
management; and Anil Chakravarthy will spend a little bit more time talking about our strategy.

The second aspect is to deliver this next-generation technology platform, Adobe Experience platform,
which provides the underlying infrastructure to make CXM a reality and is years ahead of anything that
any competitor has provided. Because it truly brings together hundreds of data points to create this
unified customer profile that companies can activate to deliver the personalized experience at scale.

Our vision is also to deliver an industry-leading marketing system of record. With the Workfront
acquisition now being closed, we have the leading work management product for marketers. And while
unlike most companies, most of our growth is organic. We do use inorganic opportunities strategically.
And we have an incredibly successful track record of acquiring, growing and scaling these companies. We
have a long-standing set of partners in an ecosystem with work front with over 1,000 joint customers.
And Workfront is already equipped with APIs for not just Experience Cloud, but also creative cloud, which
represents opportunities to further leverage and deliver synergies across our businesses.

One of the key assets that we have is the ability to deliver a scale go-to-market, cutting across the entire
C-suite, given the affinity that both customer CIOs and CMOs have for Adobe because all businesses are
now working to rearchitect their systems around the customer, which requires this strong partnership
between the Chief Marketing Officer and the Chief Information Officer. And this enables us to scale our
go-to-market across the entire C-suite, which is driving higher value contracts as well as services. And
we continue to have an exclusive partner ecosystem that believes in our vision and is delivering unique
expertise to our joint customers.

Our total addressable market, when we think about it for the Adobe Experience Cloud, is estimated to be
approximately $85 billion in 2023. And that's comprised of customer data and insights, which continues
to be a huge opportunity, because intelligence is increasingly the lifeblood of every organization. So this
represents an approximately $26 billion addressable opportunity. The explosion of content and commerce,
where we're the absolute leader, is driving a $44 billion opportunity.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ADOBE INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 10, 2020

And customer journey management, which includes products like campaign and e-mail marketing,
as well as B2B marketing and demand generation, which includes account-based marketing and lead
management, is expected to be a $15 billion opportunity. As we've said before, these are large and
growing categories, which are top of mind for every business.

To summarize, we believe that we have the right strategy that's being applied to an exceptional
opportunity that is approximately $147 billion in 2023. We have a proven capability to both create and
continuously lead these categories. We're thinking bigger about our businesses and the customers that
we serve, from consumers and students to communicators and the creative professionals and the entire
C-suite. We have leading products, services and platforms to unleash creativity, accelerate document
productivity and to power digital businesses. Our secret sauce is the over 20,000 talented employees that
we have that are all rallied around our mission and the impact that they can have. We have a revered
brand all across the globe. We have world-class financial discipline that's driving both top and bottom line
growth with an impressive margin. This is truly an expansive opportunity and we're well positioned to
capture it.

I certainly believe that Adobe's best days are ahead of us. We expect to cross $15 billion in revenue next
year. We have a huge addressable market, industry-leading applications, services and platform, and an
unparalleled innovation engine. Let me just quickly touch on some growth drivers that we believe will
continue to propel this momentum.

On the Creative Cloud, in addition to our leading applications across every category, mobile as a funnel
as well as a product monetization opportunity, is huge. Services such as Stock are becoming meaningful
parts of the ARR growth. New categories like video, web services as well as 3D&I.

On the Document Cloud side, the continued adoption of web-based PDF services, mobile-based PDF
services and Acrobat subscriptions; the ability to deliver Adobe Sign to target both the small and medium
business as well as the larger enterprise through both seat expansion as well as through document
workflows; and on the Experience Cloud, continuing to deliver this next-generation technology platform,
delivering Sensei intelligence services, the ability to leverage a partner ecosystem, and to cross and upsell
in both mid-market and commercial as well as to drive new logo growth and to continue to make sure that
we deliver value, drive customer success and maintain retention.

And now what I'd like to do is to have Abhay Parasnis, both our CTO as well as somebody who has
recently taken on responsibility as Chief Product Officer for Document Cloud, to talk about our technology
vision. Abhay?

Abhay Parasnis
Executive VP of Strategy & Growth and CTO

Thanks, Shantanu. Good morning, everyone. It's great to talk to all of you again.

Shantanu talked about the broader opportunity and strategic imperatives for Adobe. I would like to take
the next few minutes to talk about our technology vision and share my excitement for the road ahead.

Being a product company at our core, we have always taken a long-term view of building deep technology
platforms that are highly defensible and drive industry breakthroughs. With everything going on this year,
I'm especially proud of the sheer breadth and depth of innovations our teams have delivered. Illustrator
on iPad and Neural Filters in Photoshop, Liquid Mode and Acrobat web in Document Cloud, and AM cloud
and real-time CDP in Experience Cloud are just a few examples of innovations we have delivered. And
this incredible pace of innovation is only exceeded by the massive scale at which we operate today. With
trillions of activations served from Experience Cloud to hundreds of millions of mobile app downloads and
more than 2 billion devices running Reader and Acrobat software today, we truly have unmatched scale
from cloud to the edge.

Now a key aspect of our technology strategy is to develop a consistent architectural viewpoint across all
of our products. We think of this unified architecture at 3 levels: multi-surface experiences for our apps,
a rich portfolio of services and APIs and our Sensei AI stack built on shared content and data platforms.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ADOBE INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 10, 2020

Everything we do across our 3 clouds is guided by this unified technology vision and gives us a significant
strategic advantage.

Increasingly, we are thinking beyond discrete app silos to delivering new modalities and fluid multi-surface
experiences across desktop, mobile and web. For example, in Creative Cloud, we are adding modern
web and collaboration technologies to core imaging and video workflows in applications like Photoshop
and Premiere, evolving them into complete creative systems. Similarly, in Document Cloud, we are
taking the best-in-class PDF run times on PCs and bringing them to both web and mobile platforms for a
consistent multi-surface PDF experience. And in Experience Cloud, we are uniquely focused on a new kind
of customer experience, one that's real-time and hyper-personalized across every single touch point.

At the services tier, we are not only building an increasingly rich portfolio of services, but we are focused
on 3 crosscutting themes:

First, we are embedding collaboration deeply at the core of all our applications, converting our best-in-
class single-user apps like Photoshop or Acrobat to multiuser collaborative solutions. And because we
uniquely understand our file types and workflows, we can enable a much richer contextual collaboration
for users as opposed to a generic file sharing or communication platform.

Second, using the shared content and data platforms, we are enabling unique cross cloud use cases, going
from creators to knowledge workers, to marketers. This is something that only Adobe can deliver.

Lastly, we are increasingly focused on the API economy opportunity by exposing our services via open
APIs to developers and ISVs in the ecosystem. You will see us aggressively focus on this new vector.

Last but not the least, I've talked to all of you about Adobe Sensei, our generational bet on AI. Sensei
is already having a profound impact, with our teams delivering hundreds of Sensei-powered features
across our 3 clouds. We started Sensei with AI features delivered within existing apps. But by leveraging
our unique understanding of our users' workflows and usage patterns, we have built a specialized Sensei
platform, one that's focused on creativity, documents and customer experience domains.

With this platform in place, we are now positioned to push the limits with completely new kinds of AI-
first apps. Liquid Mode in Document Cloud is one great example of this. This was a multiyear journey and
required us to solve some unique and hard problems. Using the latest techniques in AI, machine learning
and computer vision, we trained Sensei to deeply understand the trillions of PDFs that exist in the world.
And then using that intelligence, we are able to generate structure out of unstructured PDFs that are
across the board. Initially, we are using this to create a delightful experience on mobile devices, but the
possibilities ahead are truly exciting, with document intelligence breakthroughs in areas like semantic
understanding or document summarization. And like Liquid Mode in Doc Cloud, we are also working on
unique Sensei services for creative intelligence and experience intelligence. Sensei is a key R&D priority
with long-term strategic advantage, one that's letting us build truly differentiated capabilities and delight
customers with Sensei-powered Adobe Magic.

As our customers rely on Adobe for ever more mission-critical needs, we are laser-focused on engineering
excellence and getting the basics right every single day. We are one of the first SaaS companies that
has built a multi-cloud foundation, enabling us to deliver across various public, private and hybrid cloud
environments. And doing so with high levels of operational excellence as well as cost efficacy. Also,
with Adobe's Common Controls Framework, we are able to meet enterprise expectations for security,
compliance and privacy requirements as well as global regulatory landscape.

Lastly, we continue to play a thought leadership role in the industry with various standards and other
efforts like our Content Authenticity Initiative and Open Data Initiative.

In closing, the opportunity ahead for Adobe is truly exciting, from future of creativity to reimagining
documents to opportunity to completely rewire the customer experience. We have a world-class
engineering team with a deep culture of innovation and investments in foundational technology platforms
that enable us to deliver with speed and scale. I have never been more confident about Adobe's
technology agenda, and I'm super excited about our ability to go invent the future.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ADOBE INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 10, 2020

Now let me hand over to Scott Belsky, Chief Product Officer for Creative Cloud, to talk about Creative
Cloud strategy. Over to you, Scott.

Scott K. Belsky
Chief Product Officer & Executive VP of Creative Cloud

Thanks, Abhay. So while I've outlined more details of our creative cloud strategy in the deck. I'm tried to
share a quick summary right now.

Big picture, we are seeing tremendous growth and momentum in Creative Cloud because creativity has
never been more important than it is now. And we saw this at our most recent MAX conference, which has
become the premiere global creativity conference. MAX blew away all previous records with over 21 million
views worldwide.

Why is creativity so critical right now? Well, for starters, everyone wants to stand out at work at school, on
social and even in their family projects, and creative expression is how they do it. Within the enterprise,
companies more and more recognize that creativity is this competitive advantage. And employees want
to stand out, whether it is with their presentation, how they visualize data, or become more active
stakeholders in their own product and marketing experiences. In the workplace of the future, creativity is
how people will thrive and frankly keep their jobs as AI takes over more and more of these productivity-
focused roles. All of these shifts up level the role of creativity and create a tremendous opportunity for
Creative Cloud and a responsibility for us to evolve our offerings to meet the needs of new creators.

So let's look at the 5 pillars of our strategy for Creative Cloud. First, we are innovating to advance every
creative category. Our professional customers want to push the boundaries of their fields and achieve
more in less time. One way we're enabling this is through Adobe Sensei, which Abhay talked about,
our artificial intelligence engine. In Photoshop, for instance, we recently launched Neural Filters, a new
platform powered by Sensei that allows customers to make sweeping changes with just a scroll of a slider.
These Neural Filters are truly magical. You can turn night into day, and literally turn a frown into a smile.
And Neural Filters are just 1 example of our Sensei-powered breakthroughs. At MAX, we launched dozens
of new Sensei features across our creative categories, and we're helping customers explore new mediums
like 3D and immersive, with tools such as substance, dimension and arrow.

The pandemic has forced many teams to turn to 3D tools as they can render an image or video rather
than have an in-person shoot. One great example is Ben & Jerry's, who levered our 3D and immersive
products to execute a critical campaign about getting ice cream delivered during the pandemic. They
found what many companies are finding: that 3D-rendered images are indistinguishable from traditional
photos, and they're far more efficient and actually less expensive to produce. So we expect the surging
interest in that field to continue, especially as new mediums like augmented reality go mainstream. These
innovations add value for creative professionals and help ensure that Creative Cloud remains the logical
choice for modern teams struggling with content velocity, our way of talking about the insatiable need
for more formats and more platforms and just more content, more personalized every day. And we're
committed to extending their creativity in new directions.

The next pillar of our strategy for Creative Cloud is a continued transformation of our category-leading
products to become cloud-based multi-surface systems. Creativity is no longer confined to the desktop.
And we made a lot of progress in extending our flagship products across more surfaces. Over the last
year, we brought Photoshop and Illustrator to the iPad, and we launched Adobe Fresco, the industry's
most powerful drawing and painting app on Windows and Apple tablets last year and brought them to the
phone this year. Customers tell us that the portability of iPad apps unlocks huge advantages. Designers for
Sanrio's Japanese theme parks, for instance, use Illustrator on the iPad to sketch out new features while
they're actually inside the park. It really lets them see how the design will actually fit in-person in place.

So here's what we've learned from this evolution from products to service, from multisystem platform
expansion. We know that customers who use our products across multiple devices have higher satisfaction
and better retention. And we know that offering a more modern interface on mobile devices is inviting for
new customers and is an effective way to bring new customers into Creative Cloud from the mobile app

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ADOBE INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 10, 2020

stores. So we're continuing to extend our applications onto new surfaces, including the web, which will
engage an even broader set of customers and unlock another level of possibility for Creative Cloud.

Another major part of our strategy is the development and seamless integration of powerful services that
enable collaboration. No doubt, we've entered a new era of creativity that is deeply, deeply collaborative.
The next-generation of our customers grew up in the age of Google Docs. They expect everything to be
collaborative by default, and we've enabled this through our investments in Creative Cloud services over
the last few years. We launched Creative Cloud libraries, which helps teams share creative ingredients,
from fonts and colors to vectors and images. We've rolled out cloud documents, which allow its customers
to easily share their work with collaborators and stakeholders, and with services like Stock and Fonts
integrated at the point of need within our products, we're ensuring that teams have all the content they
need to start a project without ever leaving creative cloud.

Finally, we're making it much easier for stakeholders to review and share comments directly in our
desktop products. All of these collaborative features make Creative Cloud the single source of truth for
creative assets. Ensuring greater lifetime value. These services also unlock new business opportunities
and expand our footprint by engaging stakeholders beyond the traditional creative team, whether it be for
review purposes, copywriting or leveraging templates for social media marketing.

Another area of focus is engagement and community inspiration. We're bringing many kinds of new
customers into Creative Cloud these days. But to keep them, we have to ensure that they are engaged,
that they're learning new skills, and that they're continuously inspired to try new tools and techniques.
We're improving engagement by reimagining the new user journey, providing a more personalized
experience for every customer that is infused with community and educational content. And we become
very, very data-driven as we optimize these flows. We're providing many more ways for people to learn
new skills. Traffic to Adobe Live, our rich offering of live streams by Behance members using our products
and tutorials, has doubled this year, and we have doubled our content in response. And the engagement
with these live streams is truly remarkable. Over the last year, the average watch time is more than 1
hour and 20 minutes.

We've also enabled live streaming in our iPad apps so that any customer can easily go live from within
the product and share the URL on social networks. Others can click the link and learn by looking over the
shoulder of an experienced creator and download the app to give it a try as well.

And we personalize learning experiences within our products. And as the more we personalize, the better
we meet each customer exactly where they are.

And because of the greatest -- because the greatest inspiration, of course, comes from seen what others
are creating, we're doing more to convene a global community of creates. We've built a new community
set of features in products like Lightroom. And Behance, our global creative community, near and dear
to my heart, has grown to 25 million members, with over 1 million people visiting the site every single
day. All of these efforts not only grow the top of the funnel, but also make it more likely that these new
customers will be successful, inspired and engaged.

Finally, let's talk about democratizing creativity, which Shantanu mentioned in the beginning. We want
to empower the world to create with a new generation of web and mobile products that are freemium
and easy to use and that leverage Adobe's core technology. When anyone searches the web to edit a
photo or make a flyer, we will present easy-to-use web apps that help them complete their project and
encourage them to go further, to take it to the next level. On mobile, Photoshop Express, Premiere Rush
and Adobe Spark empower everyday consumers to create content that stands out on social media. In the
year ahead, we're bringing these products closer together to enable customers to work across them and
to extend their work to the web. And we're doing this in a way only Adobe can. We're bringing powerful
time-saving features, many powered by Sensei, to these mobile and web apps. We're also prioritizing
interoperability with the rest of the Creative Cloud so that more casual creators can work together with
creative professionals and so that they can take their work to the next level in an app like Photoshop or
Illustrator when they're ready to do so. I'm excited to share more on these product investments in the
year ahead.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ADOBE INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 10, 2020

So to sum it up, our view of our market is expanding to $41 billion in TAM in 2023 because the importance
of creativity is growing fast and the number of creators worldwide is exploding. Our work over the next
few years will ensure that Creative Cloud stays at the cutting-edge of creativity and new mediums, that
it supports the growth of collaborative creativity, and that it welcomes new generations of creators with a
new generation of tools and with the learning, inspiration and community that will keep people engaged
and successful.

Thank you. And now I'll turn it over to my colleague, Anil, who oversees the digital experience business to
talk about Experience Cloud. Anil.

Ani Nayak
Head of Business Process Transformation of Document Cloud

[Audio Gap]

also responsible for our worldwide field organization. I want to give you some context and color on the
Experience cloud strategy that Shantanu outlined. And you should have the full presentation that we have
provided.

In the first half of 2020, when COVID hit, we saw businesses focused on their employee safety and well-
being and ensuring business continuity. We pivoted and worked with our customers to navigate that new
normal.

In the second half, we saw our businesses doubling down on customer experience management in
response to heightened customer expectations. Customers are digital-first now. And from every business,
they expect engaging and personalized experiences. And this has put more pressure than ever on
businesses to accelerate their digital engagement. It has also accentuated how hard it is for businesses to
deliver a great experience to their customers across all touch points.

In the current environment, that has been no small feat. Businesses need to account for external factors
like privacy regulations and data sovereignty, and mastered internal challenges like fragmented customer
data and manual inefficient processes. So it's become clear that companies need a next-generation
technology platform for customer experience management. And this has created a massive $85 billion
market opportunity for CXM, and Adobe is uniquely positioned to address this.

Our mission is more relevant than ever, and our strategy of powering digital businesses is resonating with
brands across industries and around the world.

Now we saw that in spates in 2020. 93% of our top 100 customers have 3 or more Experience Cloud
solutions. And our average ARR with them has grown to $8 million, nearly 3x what it was in 2015. Let me
highlight one of those customers -- top customers: Verizon.

Over the last 5 years, Verizon has standardized in Adobe for CXM across their consumer, business and
media groups. The Adobe Experience platform provides real-time responses in 250 milliseconds at cloud
scale across billions of profiles. Verizon is leveraging AEP to deliver personalized communications, optimize
customer journeys, increase conversions and create customer loyalty. As a result, our ARR from Verizon
has grown 700% over the last 5 years. This is a great example of the growth trends we see across our
customer base.

Turning to our strategy for Experience Cloud. It's based on Adobe's own successful transformation journey.
We've taken the principles and insights from our data-driven operating model, and created a customizable
playbook that any customer can use to power their digital business with next-generation customer
experience management.

We have 5 pillars in our strategy, as Shantanu outlined. First, it's a comprehensive set of applications and
services for customer data and insights, content and commerce and customer journey management. Now
these apps and services are delivered on an integrated Adobe Experience Platform. AEP is a next-gen
platform to deliver real-time personalization at scale, with nearly 17 trillion segment evaluations per day,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ADOBE INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 10, 2020

leveraging first-party data, cloud scale, powered by Adobe Sensei and extended by our open ecosystem of
partners and developers.

Now we do the hard work of delivering the best of both worlds to our customers, comprehensive apps
and services integrated onto a common cloud scale platform. I've been in the world of data for a long
time now. And it's clear to me that AEP is years ahead of our competitors in capabilities and production
deployments.

Third, we're excited about our recent acquisition of work front. And we have heard great feedback from
customers and partners. We're laying a strong foundation for a marketing system of record that will
enable our customers to have greater efficiency and agility in executing their campaigns, and to optimize
their campaigns with real time insights.

Fourth part of our strategy, we have been a trusted partner to CMOs since we created the digital
marketing category. And now, we are a trusted partners to CIOs as well. And in mid-2020, we combined
our worldwide field operations and digital experience into a single organization that I lead. And that has
enabled us to scale our go-to-market to address the needs of enterprises from mid-market customers to
the largest brands in the world.

Finally, we work really closely with our global ecosystem of over 2,800 SIs and technology partners to
drive business value and sustain growth.

So in closing, I'm incredibly excited about the opportunities ahead of us. Experience Cloud is a growth
business, and we will combine our go-to-market and product organization to be well positioned to
fire on all cylinders. When you look at our products, our platform, our innovation powered by Adobe
Sensei, our customer relationships, our brand and the investments we're making, Adobe is the clear
leader in customer experience management, and we are in the best position to help businesses deliver
personalized, engaging digital experiences to all of their customers.

Thank you. And now let me bring up our Chief People Officer, Gloria Chen.

Gloria Chen
Chief People Officer & Executive VP of Employee Experience

Thanks, Anil, and hello, everyone. A year ago as Chief Strategy Officer, I spoke to you about Adobe's
growth story, our total addressable market and the tremendous opportunities across our business. As
you've heard today, our strategy is more expansive than ever, and I'm confident in our ability to succeed
because of our proven track record of transformation; something I've seen firsthand multiple times in
my 20-plus years of the company. And I believe our secret sauce has been the combination of a winning
strategy, great people, and an exceptional purpose-driven culture.

My pivot from corporate strategy to employee strategy earlier this year was a natural move. People are
our greatest asset, and as Chief People Officer, I'm excited to be carrying the torch for our values, our
history of progressive people-centered benefits and programs and our commitment to the growth and
development of over 22,000 employees around the world, now including Workfront, who joined us earlier
this week.

Increasingly, companies are viewed by employees, customers and stakeholders as an extension of their
identity, values and community. In 2020, our core values were on full display, being genuine, exceptional,
innovative and involved. As we responded to COVID, we put the health and safety of our people first. We
increased communications, rolled out work-from-home benefits and encouraged scheduling flexibility.
We took care of our community, providing customers with flexibility and students with free Creative
Cloud licenses. And our employees really stepped up this year with 70% engaging in volunteerism online.
Our employees have responded with gratitude and pride in our approach, and are more engaged and
productive than ever.

As a people-centered company, we've always focused on fostering an inclusive culture, what we call Adobe
For All, because we believe that when employees can be their authentic selves, they do their best work.
And when we have diverse teams, we're more innovative and reflective of the customers we serve.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

ADOBE INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 10, 2020

For employees to feel supported in and outside of work, we invest in learning and development programs,
community networks, and family-friendly benefits. We're a leader in pay parity across gender and
ethnicity, and we're examining opportunity parity for fairness in promotions and horizontal movement.
We're building current and future talent pipeline, investing in young artists in underserved communities,
university partnerships and mid-career reskilling and apprenticeships. This year's events made it clear that
while we've made progress, there's more that we can do.

As a company, we're about action, not words. And together with our Black Employee Network, we've
launched the Taking Action Initiative, focused on community, advocacy and growth. And during our global
Adobe For All week, we outlined aspirational goals to increase representation. Across our recruiting and
development programs, our campaign celebrating women and black creators, and our efforts to ensure
that our products are inclusive, we are driving change aligned to our core values.

Another topic that's been top of mind for everyone is the future of work after the pandemic. So let's
talk briefly about that. This year, we learned that there's so much that we're able to do effectively while
we work from home. We've launched new products, produced global customer events and onboarded
hundreds of interns and employees around the world. Digital transformation is here and we will continue
to reimagine customer and employee experience as a company. At the same time, we continue to believe
that in-real-life experiences are critical to nurturing culture and trust, learning and development and
innovation. Each team will need to strike the right balance for them. But in general, we will be giving most
employees the flexibility to work from home part of the time and making this the default as opposed to
the exception.

As for fully remote workers, this is something we already have today, especially among sales and
consulting staff. Broadly expanding remote work is a significant decision that is not just about individual
preference but also has implications for collaboration, cohesion and culture. We have more to learn here.
And so we'll be starting by updating our criteria for remote work in the coming months and iterating
thoughtfully as we always do. This is clearly a journey, one that we expect will continue to evolve.

As I reflect on the year, it's been a privilege for me to contribute to Adobe in this new capacity. Our
employees achieved this record year through their dedication, comradery and resilience. 2020 has shown
us the power of Adobe's values in action, and I'm confident that Adobe's best days are ahead of us.

And now I'd like to turn it over to our CFO, John Murphy.

John F. Murphy
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Gloria. Based on what has been shared this morning, it's clear there are tremendous opportunities
for Adobe. Now I'd like to give you a view of our business momentum and how we drive our growth going
forward. Today's presentation will cover both Q4 and fiscal year 2020 results.

Before we jump into the numbers, in Q4, we made a change to our segment reporting to align with the
way we manage our Digital Experience business, in light of the advertising cloud shift we made earlier
this year. We created a new segment called Publishing and Advertising, combining advertising cloud with
the existing publishing segment. As a result of this change, our Digital Experience subscription book of
business now aligns exactly to the components that make up our Digital Experience subscription revenue.
And it's great to have those aligned as that's where we're strategically driving the segment growth.

This reporting change is reflected in the numbers we will show for Q4 and FY '20. And we've revised our
financial information from FY '18 to present day to maintain comparability.

Now let's turn to our Q4 performance. Adobe achieved record revenue of $3.42 billion, which represents
14% year-over-year growth. GAAP diluted earnings per share in Q4 was $4.64. And non-GAAP diluted
earnings per share was $2.81.

Business and financial highlights in Q4 include: digital media revenue of $2.5 billion, which represents
20% year-over-year growth; record net new digital media ARR of $548 million; Digital Experience revenue
of $819 million, which represents 10% year-over-year growth; Digital Experience subscription revenue

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

ADOBE INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 10, 2020

grew 14% year-over-year. We had record cash flow from operations of $1.78 billion, and we exited with
remaining performance obligation, or RPO, of $11.34 billion. And we've repurchased 1.6 million shares of
our stock during the quarter. Overall, this is a really strong performance in Q4.

Now for some Q4 financial highlights and growth drivers for each of our strategic businesses. In Q4,
Adobe achieved $2.08 billion in creative revenue, representing 20% year-over-year growth, and added
$425 million of net new creative ARR. We exited the year with $8.72 billion in creative ARR, which is
also 20% growth year-over-year. Creative ARR growth drivers included acquisition of new users across
all geographies and segments, single app and CC complete subscriptions, and strong performance in
the imaging, video and stock categories. Adobe Document Cloud achieved $411 million in Q4 revenue,
growing 21% year-over-year. We added a record $123 million of Document Cloud ARR in the quarter. And
Document Cloud ARR exiting the year was $1.46 billion, growing 35% year-over-year.

Document Cloud ARR growth drivers include strong demand for Acrobat subscriptions as well as demand
coming through the Reader funnel and on mobile. And a significant momentum in Sign. In Q4, we also
benefited from greater-than-expected perpetual revenue in our Document Cloud offering.

Digital Experience achieved segment revenue of $819 million in Q4, representing 10% year-over-year
growth and subscription revenue of $696 million, representing 14% year-over-year growth. The growth
drivers for Experience Cloud in Q4 included accelerating adoption of Adobe Experience platform and
app services; content and commerce momentum, particularly with our AEM cloud service offering; and
continued recovery in the mid-market segment as well as success signing up deals of greater than $1
million in annual deal value.

For the full 2020 fiscal year, Adobe achieved record revenue of $12.87 billion, which represents 15% year-
over-year growth. GAAP EPS for the year was $10.83 and non-GAAP EPS was $10.10. Contributing to
our strong execution in FY '20 was Digital Media segment revenue of $9.23 billion, representing 20%
year-over-year growth; creative revenue of $7.74 billion, representing 19% year-over-year growth;
Adobe Document Cloud revenue of $1.5 billion, representing 22% year-over-year growth, exiting the
year with $10.18 billion of Digital Media ARR, an annual increase of $1.85 billion; Digital Experience
segment revenue of $3.13 billion following the segment reporting change, representing 12% year-over-
year growth; Digital Experience subscription revenue of $2.66 billion represents 17% year-over-year
growth. We generated $5.73 billion in operating cash flows during the year, and we grew RPO by $1.52
billion and returned $3 billion in cash to our stockholders through our stock repurchase program.

Next, let me provide more information around our strategic cloud businesses. We'll begin with our Digital
Media segment, starting with Creative Cloud.

We've highlighted a number of areas where we drove tremendous momentum in the creative business. We
continue attracting new customers with approximately 75% of our subscribers in fiscal 2020 being new
to our Creative Cloud franchise. Over 45 million students have access to Adobe Spark, nearly doubling
since last year, showing how we're developing creative skills for the next generation. Mobile continues to
be an important funnel for us with over 300 million mobile IDs created cumulatively and over 80% year-
over-year growth in mobile units as mobile monetization has become an important driver of ARR growth.
Premiere Pro, Adobe Stock service growth and new media types are an important customer acquisition
vehicle for us.

Turning to revenue and ARR. We achieved another record year with our Creative Cloud. The Creative Cloud
view shows an incredibly healthy business at scale with sustained revenue growth over the last several
years. We continue to see significant user acquisition across creative professionals, communicators and
consumers. And revenue growth from services such as Adobe Stock continues to be strong.

Key creative growth drivers exiting fiscal 2020 include: new user growth fueled by organic traffic, which
remains elevated, as well as targeted campaigns and promotions; demand for single apps, particularly
our video and photography offerings; strong retention and engagement, which held at pre-COVID levels
exiting the year; expansion into emerging markets; the gradual recovery in the SMB segment, driving
demand for our team offering, including through the reseller channel; and ETLAs with educational
institutions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

ADOBE INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 10, 2020

This is such a great slide because it shows the mix of our creative revenue in FY 2017 and FY 2020. Today,
over 97% of our creative revenue is subscription-based revenue, while the business has grown 85%.
Much of our success here comes from a deep understanding of our customers, which continues to drive
high retention for us. As Scott and Abhay shared, this growth is also driven by our vast innovation engine
across products and services as we expand into new markets.

When you look at the makeup of ARR, a majority of the revenue continues to come from all app
subscriptions across individual, team and enterprise, while a growing portion comes from single app
subscriptions, consistent with our strategy of expanding our market opportunity as we attract new users
in the consumer and communicator categories. With the most comprehensive set of creative offerings
against every design category and service, we're using single apps and mobile as a proven on-ramp for
new subscribers, while we continue to grow our all apps business across all segments and as an upsell
opportunity for single app and mobile users. The strength of Creative Cloud is derived from our diversified
and resilient business, with offerings tailored for everyone from individuals to small businesses, education
and enterprises.

We also have a deep understanding of how our customers want to engage with us. And you can see here
the slight mix shift towards individual offerings through adobe.com while we continue to grow our team
and ETLA offerings.

Next, we're going to move on to Document Cloud. This business is thriving and has continued significantly
to -- contributed significantly to the company's success this year with over 70% of our channel units now
being subscriptions. And over 75% of subscribers in fiscal 2020 being new to the Acrobat franchise. As
with the creative business, our mobile strategy is driving Adobe ID creation at the top of the funnel, while
mobile modernization is contributing to ARR growth. Our focus on acquiring new customers, coupled with
our shift from perpetual base to subscriptions is working. The Document Cloud strategy of accelerating
document productivity, going from paper to digital, is really resonating in the remote work environment.
The Adobe Sign business has seen a growth inflection this year. In fact, we saw this inflection point
before the pandemic hit, and we expect this trend to continue into FY 2021. As Gloria shared, we envision
businesses with people working in flexible ways. Things will to not fall back to the way they were. To
borrow Shantanu's phrase, the genie will not go back in the bottle. There's just an explosive opportunity
for new user growth as we continue to capitalize on work-from-home or flexible work. We have multiple
growth initiatives, including web-based PDF, Sign-as-a-service and the API economy that gives this
business more legs.

Turning to revenue and ARR. Document Cloud is another Adobe business that has powered past the $1
billion mark, approaching $1.5 billion in both revenue and ARR. It's just a tremendous opportunity ahead
for us. The key Document Cloud growth drivers exiting fiscal 2020 include new user acquisition of Acrobat
subscriptions across all customer segments. Monetization of our Reader installed base on mobile, demand
for our subscription offerings across all geos and enterprise adoption, including strength in Adobe Sign.
Keep in mind that we also offer Acrobat and PDF services through CC individual and all app subscriptions,
which is another driver of growth in this business.

Here, you can see the phenomenal growth that were driven on subscriptions. While the nonrecurring
perpetual revenue accounts for a smaller portion of our revenue, it's in line with our strategy. This
represents a continuing opportunity to transition that installed base over to subscriptions. And you can
see that the total business has nearly doubled in the last 3 years and as we have transitioned more of the
business to recurring revenue sources.

Unlike Creative Cloud, for Document Cloud, we continue to offer perpetual as a vehicle to have people
come to the franchise. We have the flexibility of our offering, given the breadth of our customer base,
which has switched primarily to subscription.

Looking at digital media as a whole, including both Creative and Document Cloud ARR, you have a view
that any CFO would love to see. It's showing the stacking effect of recurring subscription revenue up into
the right, ending the year with over $10 billion of annualized recurring revenue. When you think of the
revenue base when we launched Creative Cloud less than a decade ago, it's amazing to see how we have
expanded the market opportunity while transitioning nearly all of the revenue from perpetual to recurring.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

ADOBE INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 10, 2020

This shows you the power and durability of our subscription model. Numbers like this don't happen without
an extremely sophisticated system: our data-driven operating model, which is purpose-built to acquire
more customers across geographies and to engage and drive higher retention. DDOM, as we call it, is our
weapon for finding and understanding the personalized offerings for our customers. Best part about DDOM
is that we use our own software, Adobe Experience platform, to drive this, which brings me to the Digital
Experience segment. Let's take a deeper look at Adobe's Digital Experience business.

First of all, we were very excited to close the Workfront acquisition earlier this week, and we welcome the
Workfront team to Adobe. When it comes to M&A at Adobe, we look at the technology and the people.
Adobe has a great track record and history of acquiring companies, driving synergies and accelerating
growth. With Workfront, we're focused on our ability to accelerate growth through the marketing use
case. As Anil shared, what's particularly exciting for us is that we have the opportunity to create an
industry-leading marketing system of record. We're confident that our shareholders and customers will
get maximum value, and this is a huge opportunity to accelerate subscription revenue growth for years to
come.

Workfront represents a sizable addressable market for digital experience. The targets we are providing
for FY '21 and Q1 are inclusive of Workfront, and we are looking forward to hitting the ground running,
integrating the business in our Digital Experience segment and expanding our opportunity with customer
experience management.

Digital Experience is a category we created a little over a decade ago, bridging from content creation all
the way to marketing execution, measurement, optimization and modernization. This year, we achieved
$3.13 billion in segment revenue, but more importantly, we have seen digital transformation and customer
experience management resonating with our enterprise customers. More than ever before for enterprises
to succeed and provide the sort of personalized real-time experiences their customers expect, they require
a technology partner that can help them transform their businesses the way we reinvented our own Digital
Media business with our data-driven operating model and focus on customer experience management. In
my conversations with my peers across the C-suite, it's clear, no matter their industry, they recognize the
value in the digital transformation investment. And you can see the momentum here when you look at the
makeup of our top 100 customers and accounts, where in 2020, approximately 93% of those customers
are using 3 or more of our solutions, and the average ARR has more than doubled over the last 5 years.

We've talked a lot about our focus on growing subscription SaaS revenue in this business. And you can see
here how our focus on driving subscription revenue has driven segment growth over a multiyear period.
The growth in our Digital Experience business has been driven across subscription offerings with particular
strength in enterprise adoption of content and commerce offerings, including AM cloud service. Our Adobe
Experience platform is gaining tremendous traction with a number of referenceable customers such as
Verizon, creating momentum. And we're also seeing continued recovery in the mid-market following the
macroeconomic challenges we saw there early in the pandemic.

Looking at the business by revenue type. Since 2018, we've held the services and other categories
relatively flat, as we said we would, as we have focused on growing the recurring subscription SaaS
revenue which has grown at a 29% CAGR since 2018. In order to accomplish this, we've continued our
strategy of leveraging the partner ecosystem that Anil talked about earlier, relying on those partners to
implement our solutions and provide services to help our enterprise customers realize the value we are
delivering.

Here's a view of the revenue mix by category across our 3 strategic growth pillars of customer journey
management, content and commerce, and data and insights. These are all market-leading solutions
that are fundamentals with customer experience management, which we built on a common data and
content platform. The growth in these businesses is driven by customer demands to help maintain a digital
presence and transact online, deliver personalized experiences to their customers and unify and activate
their data. With an $85 billion market opportunity, we are investing to drive long-term growth in these
categories. And our comprehensive set of solutions and innovations in the platform puts us years ahead of
the competition and solving these challenges for the enterprise.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

ADOBE INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 10, 2020

Now let's focus a little bit more on the income statement and cash flow and our capital allocation strategy.
There's another slide most people also love to see, which is revenue growth and margin expansion both on
a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis, with non-GAAP operating margin well over 40% for the year. Contributing
to our margin expansion has been the sustainable revenue growth that we have worked on for decades;
the operating leverage in our subscription model and our strategic decision to exit the transactional
advertising cloud business; as well as actions taken in response to the COVID pandemic and related cost
savings associated with travel and reduced facilities operations. When we get to our FY '21 targets, I'll
provide some color on how you should think about those savings in those categories specifically going
forward.

Here, you can see the balance of RPO, which grew 15% year-over-year, exiting fiscal 2020. This
represents contracted business that is committed to flow into revenue in the future, making our revenue
sources extremely predictable. The components of RPO are deferred revenue and unbilled backlog. And
as we noted earlier this year, we've seen a mix shift from deferred revenue to unbilled backlog in fiscal
2020 as more of our digital media business has come through adobe.com, where subscriptions are billed
monthly rather than invoiced annually in advance, meaning they don't hit deferred revenue the way a
lot of our channel and enterprise business would. As a result, the strength in acquisition on Adobe.com
continues to drive the mix shift from deferred revenue to unbilled backlog.

Moving to cash flow. In fiscal 2020, we saw an acceleration of our operating cash flow growth, achieving a
record $5.73 billion for the year. In terms of uses of cash, we continue to prioritize investment in growing
the business, both organically as well as through inorganic opportunities like the acquisition of Workfront.
And as always, we focus on returning capital to shareholders through our stock repurchase program.

Exiting FY '20, we had approximately $6 billion of cash and short-term investments as well as an unused
$1 billion credit facility. This is a healthy liquidity position with an investment-grade credit rating and
plenty of debt capacity. And as I mentioned, we have a long track record of making sure we return
excess cash to our shareholders through structured repurchases. On that point, you can see how we have
continued increasing our investment in stock repurchases, reducing the share count over time. Today,
we're announcing a new $15 billion repurchase authority in addition to the amount remaining under
our current authority, which will run through the end of fiscal 2024, demonstrating our commitment to
accelerating the return of capital to investors.

Now I'd like to cover how you should think about financial strategy and our addressable markets, which
underpin our preliminary targets for FY '21. Let's start with our strategy. I'm going to touch on a few
things on this slide.

Adobe has a unique financial profile that we've discussed that drives our strategy. We invest for top line
growth. And our operational discipline drives margin expansion and earnings growth over the long term.
With a diversified portfolio of leading products and services, we are investing to drive continued top line
growth and expand into new categories with the massive market opportunity that's in front of us. We're
accelerating our growth, are -- with the investments that we have made in new businesses such as Adobe
Stock, Sign and our mobile applications, which have contributed over $500 million of ARR growth since
2017.

With data-driven dynamic planning capabilities, we exercised disciplined spend management principles
with focus on margin expansion and long-term earnings growth. We focus on integrating acquisitions
quickly to ensure the same organic operating discipline is embedded in newly acquired businesses. And
strict management of our balance sheet, prudent use of debt financing and cash has driven exceptional
operating cash flow growth for many years, affording Adobe the opportunity to continue to invest in
our existing businesses and capture promising inorganic growth opportunities and return capital to
shareholders.

As you've heard earlier in today's presentations, we have updated our addressable markets, and you can
see that we are excited to capture the opportunity ahead through the extensive list of growth drivers and
product innovations across Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

ADOBE INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 10, 2020

With Creative Cloud, we're driving continued growth through broader customer segments by reaching
beyond creative professionals to communicators and consumers, and by engaging and inspiring our
creative community to drive customer lifetime value. With Document Cloud, we see growth inflection
through acquiring and monetizing new customers across desktop, mobile and web. And finally, we
continue to leverage and build upon our data-driven operating model to manage the business in real time.
All this leads to the $62 billion addressable market for Digital Media in 2023.

Likewise, with the most comprehensive set of solutions for customer experience management applications
and services and the addition of Workfront, our addressable market for Digital Experience has grown.
We expect to drive multiyear growth in the data and insights category with our scaled next-generation
customer data platform. The segment change we made in Q4 reflect the way we manage our business
and our strategic focus. The Digital Experience organization is optimized to drive subscription and SaaS
revenue growth while gaining share of an $85 billion addressable market for Digital Experience.

Before getting into our fiscal 2021 targets, I want to walk through some of the assumptions we've built
in. We expect to see continued gradual macroeconomic improvement during the year, and as such, we
are modeling continued recovery for the small and medium businesses into FY '21, which was a segment
that was hit particularly hard early in the pandemic and then showed signs of improvement during Q3 and
Q4. We anticipate an increase in our effective tax rate due to additional taxes on our foreign operations,
following the changes we made to our international trading structure in FY '20. Our FY '20 tax rate
included onetime benefits to recognize deferred tax assets resulting from these changes. These deductible
assets will be amortized over a multiyear period, lowering our cash tax rate over that time.

Targets include initial estimates associated with our acquisition of Workfront. These estimates involve
numerous assumptions, given the purchase accounting process has not been completed. The purchase
accounting is expected to result in an increase to amortization of intangible assets, and a significant
deferred revenue haircut, resulting in an expected contribution of about $25 million to Q1 revenue. And as
you know, we measure ARR on a constant-currency basis during the fiscal year, and revalue ARR at year-
end for current currency rates. FX changes between December of 2019 and this year have resulted in a
$77 million increase in Digital Media ARR. The effect of this revision is reflected in our updated investor
data sheet. ARR results this year will be measured against this amount during FY '21.

The cost savings associated with the current remote work environment will continue into the first half of
FY '21. In terms of OpEx growth, we will be investing in top line growth opportunities, and our hiring is
expected to return to an ordinary pace, particularly for R&D and sales and marketing roles. And we expect
T&E and facilities expenses to ramp in the second half as things open back up.

Lastly, FY '21 is a 53-week fiscal year for us, with the additional week falling in Q1. As we noted in the
press release, we estimate the extra week will benefit Q1 with approximately $240 million in additional
revenue over a 13-week quarter as well as an additional $25 million in net new Digital Media ARR.

So with further ado -- without further ado, I should say, here are the targets we are providing for fiscal
year 2021.

Total Adobe revenue of approximately $15.15 billion; Digital Media segment year-over-year revenue
growth of approximately 19%; net new Digital Media ARR of approximately $1.75 billion; Digital
Experience segment year-over-year revenue growth of approximately 19%; Digital Experience
subscription revenue year-over-year growth of approximately 22%; a tax rate of approximately 19% on
a GAAP basis and 17.5% on a non-GAAP basis; share counts of approximately 482 million shares; GAAP
earnings per share of approximately $8.57; and non-GAAP earnings per share of approximately $11.2.

For Q1 of FY '21, we are targeting revenue of approximately $3.75 billion, with Digital Media segment
year-over-year revenue growth of approximately 26%; net new digital media ARR of approximately
$410 million; Digital Experience segment year-over-year revenue growth of approximately 19%;
Digital Experience year-over-year subscription revenue growth of approximately 22%; tax rate of
approximately 15.5% on a GAAP basis and 17.5% on a non-GAAP basis; share counts of approximately
484 million shares, GAAP earnings per share of approximately $2.19; and non-GAAP earnings per share of
approximately $2.78.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

ADOBE INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 10, 2020

In terms of seasonality, while 2020 was not a typical year given the pandemic, resulting in a particularly
strong Q3 with everybody working from home as we spoke about last quarter, we're assuming things
open back by the summer of 2021. And we would expect Digital Media net new ARR in FY '21 to grow
sequentially from Q1 to Q2; dip seasonally in Q3, as we have experienced in the past; and have a strong
finish to Q4 as we typically do. And in terms of EPS growth, we expect strong growth in Q1, followed by
more modest growth in quarters 2, 3 and 4 as we lap the COVID-related savings from FY '20 as well as
resulting from higher effective tax rates in fiscal '21.

To wrap up, Adobe saw a record performance in FY '20, something we're all proud about. And the business
momentum is strong as we look towards FY '21. And we continue to be the market leader, delivering
growth and expanding margin at scale, and in fact, record profit and cash flow. We have a large expanding
market opportunity as we've shared, and we're driving category creation and expansion, innovations and
growing customer universe targeting over $15 billion in revenue over the next 12 months, and we are a
disciplined operator with a proven track record for driving long-term top line and bottom line growth.

Now we're going to go to a short video, and then Jonathan will kick off the Q&A.

[Presentation]

Jonathan Vaas
Vice President of Investor Relations
What a great video. I certainly can't imagine staying productive without Adobe Sign and Adobe Acrobat.
Thanks, John.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

ADOBE INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 10, 2020

Question and Answer

Jonathan Vaas
Vice President of Investor Relations

We are now going to move to live Q&A with all 6 of our executive speakers. [Operator Instructions] With
that, operator, we'll take the first question.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We can now take our first question from Brent Thill of Jefferies.

Brent John Thill
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Thank you for the great overview today. Shantanu, there have been some investor questions just on the
current quarter around Digital Media. And the percentage of upside relative to plan was a little lower than
some had thought. Many are asking, is there anything to consider in the Digital Media business for the
quarter? And then maybe more importantly, looking into next year on Digital Experience, it seems like
you're seeing some great momentum. Maybe Anil can talk about what is driving that increased confidence
and momentum in that business.

Shantanu Narayen
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure. I'm happy to answer both questions and give you some color. First, is it related to Digital Media,
I mean, we had record Q4 performance in Digital Media. $548 million in net new ARR, which is just
phenomenal performance. I would say both Q3 and Q4 were very strong. And certainly, I think when you
look at the back half of the year, as it relates to Digital Media, it was incredible performance. And when
you look at our Q1 targets as well as when you look at the targets for the entire fiscal 2021, as you know,
these are the highest targets that we have given at the beginning of the year. And so the growth drivers
that we see in Digital Media just continue unabated, everything from acquiring customers, upselling them.
I think we tried, therefore, to give you real color between the individual apps and the full apps. And our
data-driven operating model allows us to be pretty sophisticated. And so relative even to our targets for
Q4, as far as we're concerned, it was a beat, which showed the momentum that we had in the business.

So digital media ARR, nothing. We continue to believe in the expansion of the total addressable market
and really pleased with our performance. It relates to Digital Experience as well, I mean, I think the
momentum -- there, what happened was clearly in Q2 and Q3, as all companies were dealing with the
pandemic, what was top of mind was customer continuity and safety of the employees. As soon as that
pivoted, everybody was talking about digital is the only way out of the pandemic. And so they started
to look at who are the clear leaders in customer experience management. And the conversations really
accelerated for us. That was the momentum. The Adobe Experience platform being a clear leader, which is
why, as you look at our expectations for 2021 and what we believe will continue to be accelerating beyond
that. We're pleased. And net-net, we're really excited about our 2021 targets.

Operator

And our next question comes from Brad Zelnick of Crédit Suisse.

Brad Alan Zelnick
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Excellent. And Jonathan, no disrespect to Mike, but I think your tenth year, you've delivered a great event.
So thank you for that. And it's clear that the best is yet to come from Adobe.

I have 1 question for Shantanu and another for John. For Shantanu, Shantanu, I'm struggling a bit to
reconcile the optimism expressed by the growth rates in what are, no doubt, very large, very exciting
markets in which you participate, and in many cases, lead. But your growth expectations and current run
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

ADOBE INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 10, 2020

rates would suggest you expect to lose share across the board. So just curious if you think that's a fair
observation of what I might be missing.

And for John, John, I wanted to ask about Slide 112 in the deck, which you presented about Creative
Cloud. How should we think about conversion of single app to all apps? And what are some levers here
to highlight the value of the entire Creative Cloud suite? And maybe just related to that, what's the non-
genuine usage opportunity that's left?

Shantanu Narayen
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. And I'll start off with that. And like you said, we appreciate the leadership that Jonathan has showed
in helping pull together what is hopefully the only virtual event that we do, and we can get back to more
normalcy next year.

I think as it relates to the opportunities that we have in the market and how we are thinking about it,
we're certainly the market leaders and in each one of the categories that we are talking about. First,
why we don't think it's a zero-sum game. We're actually continuing to be the leader in each one of those
categories. So I don't know specifically how you're looking at it and feeling like we're not. But we are
actually gaining market share, and we've become the true end-to-end leader, whether it's on the creative
side, as it relates to the entire category of applications. Certainly, I think in digital experience, you're
going to see a consolidation of where all of these solutions are done, the experience platform, what we
said around customer data and insights. So we're excited about our prospects. And in each 1 of them, we
continue to believe that we will be #1, and we'll continue to gain market share. So that's really the way
that we look at it in terms of the expansion opportunity ahead of us.

John F. Murphy
Executive VP & CFO

And in terms of Creative Cloud and conversion of single apps to all apps, it's -- as we said, we've got so
many opportunities to attract different customers and different types of customers to the platform. And
we're definitely growing our communicator segment and the consumer segment.

But as we've seen, particularly in the -- during the pandemic and the work-from-home, the need to create
and use digital solutions to do that is really touching so many different segments of customers. So the
value there for us, obviously seen in the growth of ARR overall, is fantastic and gives us an opportunity to
continue to monetize access to that base of customers over time.

We don't -- we haven't sized the non-genuine environment in a very long time. It's probably a sizable
opportunity. But we chip away at that when we have a very good entry price point for a single apps for
customers that may be using non-genuine product and so as we see the innovations that are available
with our cloud-based solutions and our mobile solutions, it's certainly a way that attracts people that may
not have even realized they were using non-genuine product. It actually is the most up-to-date innovative
products that we have.

So it's really an important aspect for us, Brad, in terms of addressing all of the different segments that we
can address and attract more and more people to the franchise.

Operator

And we will now take our next question from Mark Moerdler from Bernstein Research.

Mark L. Moerdler
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Congratulations on the quarter. Adobe has been very thoughtful and measured in modeling your TAM in
the past. And as you've written, the TAM has been a really good leading indicator of future growth. I think
most would find the large year-over-year TAM expansion, specifically for Creative Cloud, is a bit surprising.
Can you give us some more color on what you're modeling in that's driving such a big TAM expansion?
Why you feel so confident? What's changed? Any color would be appreciated.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

ADOBE INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 10, 2020

Shantanu Narayen
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure, Mark. As you know, and you've followed us for a while, we take our addressable market very
seriously. And unlike some companies who just throw the kitchen sink and what they believe is their
addressable market. And so let me touch a little bit on when you look at digital media and the TAM, some
of the growth vectors.

With mobile, firstly, mobile has become, we talked about the 300 million IDs that we've already created.
And mobile's become a pretty impressive funnel in terms of both attracting new customers to the
platform, the ways in which we are monetizing the mobile-only services, but how that also serves as an on
ramp. And this was one that until we had real offerings in the mobile space and the ability to have these
multi-surface. We also have storage options in terms of some of our products across multiple surfaces. So
that's clearly 1 of the drivers that is continuing to grow.

I think as the nature of our products target the communicators in addition to the creative pros and the
consumers, all of these applications as well, we feel like that's another part of the addressable opportunity.
Certainly, what we've seen with Stock, the business is doing really well. And this notion of a content-first
authoring paradigm where people start to author the content using a piece of content, we think that, that
also drives further acceleration in that particular business. The amount of stakeholders, you have seen
us deliver more and more collaboration services, and the collaboration services allow us to also monetize
that.

On the document side and on the creative side, what we've targeted with respect to the web, we -- that's
why I gave you some insight as to the magnitude of how much people are doing PDF searches on the web
and what kind of an industry that's become. That same sort of task-based approach is certainly true in
creative. That's a brand-new opportunity. And the confidence that we have in being able to convert all of
that traffic and all of that acquisition funnel into monetization models gives us a lot of confidence.

And so when you look at the services, whether it's Stock or Sign, what's happening with respect to
document workflows, and I think as we said during the prepared presentation, the fact is this digital
inflection point, it's only going to increase in terms of the number of people who use it. And that's why
we also touched on regulated industries, which in the past may have been a little bit more slow or less
enthusiastic about digital. There's no opportunity left for them. So all of that really adds up to why the
TAM continues to build for us.

Operator

We can now take our next question from Alex Zukin of RBC.

Aleksandr J. Zukin
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

And congrats on a wonderful quarter and a great analyst presentation. Shantanu, I wanted to ask you
kind of similar to the previous question. How should we think about the headwinds and tailwinds in the
business as we come out of the pandemic? Where are you most enthusiastic about the growth vectors in
both Digital Media and Experience.

And then John, I think, obviously, investors are pleasantly surprised with some of the modest margin
leverage you're showing for next year, given the onetime T&E savings from this year, coupled with looks
like [ a dilutive ] acquisition. So I guess, how should we think about the impacts on margins of the durable
efficiencies around go-to-market post COVID and the trade-off between operating leverage and growth?

Shantanu Narayen
Chairman, President & CEO

From my perspective, Alex, I mean, there -- definitely, it's the tailwinds that's the story of the company,
and it's across all 3 businesses. I think on the creative side, this notion of more content creation and
more content consumption across all of the media types is certainly driving more usage of our particular

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

25

ADOBE INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 10, 2020

products. Global expansion, we didn't talk about that as well, but global just continues to be as digitization
becomes a phenomenon, a tailwind in our business.

I think the document side is probably going to see the biggest tailwinds as it relates to what happens.
Part of the reason of making sure that we had Gloria touch on how we thought about remote work and
what was happening as we think about our own business and how we think about remote work. So I see
significant tailwinds in the document business, both as it relates to the usage of electronic documents as
well as the automation of business workflows, and that drives Digital Experience.

And Digital Experience, I mean, which 1 of us is now going to go back and stand in line for a driver's
license or for a permit to do anything else? And so I think you're just going to see more and more. If
anything, the pandemic and the health crisis, has raised the urgency. And I think John alluded to this,
which is every CFO and every C-level executive that I talk to, what's top of mind right now is digital
transformation. So they're all saying, okay, vaccines are on the way. Once the vaccines come, we're not
going back to business as usual. And whether you're in travel or hospitality, or whether you're in some of
the other industries that have unfortunately been impacted a little bit more, digital engagement is the only
way around it.

So net-net, we really don't look at our businesses and feel like there are headwinds associated with the
business. I mean they will continue to be dependent on the macroeconomic environment, which has
actually continued to be fairly robust. And so we're excited about our prospects. And I think the solutions
that we deliver become, frankly, more important rather than less important.

John F. Murphy
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And on the margin question, Alex, I think when we think about how we target growth, that's -- we're
a growth company, and so we want to continue to invest in growth. And we've been able to demonstrate
over time that as we drive growth, we're able to expand margins over time.

If you think about our original targets for FY '20, we still had expanding margin coming out against FY '19.
And while we're really pleased to deliver this level of operating margin in Q4, we do expect 2021 to have
operating margins down from our Q4 high, but still expanding over FY '20. So we're definitely committed
to that.

The reason for that is that we'll be lapping much of the COVID-related savings, and we expect to realized
some of those savings in the first half. But as a gradual phase reentry happens later in the latter half of
the year, we expect to be able to invest because that's going to drive growth. And we want to continue
to strike the right balance between investing for growth and benefiting from those continued first half
savings. Not to mention we will be impacted by the deferred revenue haircut for the Workfront acquisition.
But even so, we're still going to be expanding our margin in FY '21 over FY '20.

Operator

We can now take our next question from Jennifer Lowe of UBS.

Jennifer Alexandra Swanson Lowe
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Two for me. First, maybe asking the opposite question of the one that Brad asked earlier, but looking at
that composition of ARR by full suite versus single app. Given all the discussion around single app is an
on-ramp and an attractive landing point for communicators and consumers, and you seem to be seeing a
lot of momentum there, why hasn't single app grown as a percentage of that mix? And as you continue
to lean into that sales motion, could it be more 50-50 over time? Or is the expectation in communication
consumers, they'll ultimately be full and it just stays balanced, or just any color there?

And then secondly, for John, Alex mentioned that the presumption is Workfront is dilutive. But I'm just
curious if we could get a little bit more color. We got the Q4 -- Q1 revenue impact, but is there any more
color to add around either margin impact in Q1 or what's baked into the full year guide for Workfront?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

26

ADOBE INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 10, 2020

Shantanu Narayen
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure. So Jennifer, I'll take the one on the single app. And as you know, you have to look at both the unit's
view as well as the ARR view. And the unit's view continues to grow. But remember, that also is an area
where as we ramp them to the platform, it's the single apps that's the way in which we acquire them, but
we're doing a better and better job of being able to convert them into the full app.

So I think what you have to just recognize is that the single app pricing and ARPU is a little bit lower. And
so that same pie chart that we showed, that's the revenue look or the ARR look associated with it. And
when you look at the units, look, clearly, it will show a different picture in terms of the higher proportion
of what's happening through single apps. And so that's a model that, all the way back to creative suite, we
know how to do that, attract new customers to the platform and drive that in. So that's the answer to your
question around single apps and the full app model, and it's actually working for us.

John F. Murphy
Executive VP & CFO

And Jennifer, in terms of Workfront, yes, the Workfront acquisition, it's just closed, so we don't have the
full purchase accounting completed yet. We are expecting a significant deferred revenue haircut, as is
fairly typical with these acquisitions. And as a result, there'll be a slight dilution. But as you can see in
our full year targets, we're still targeting significant margin expansion over FY '20. And that just kind of
shows the leverage in our operating model, our ability to continue to invest for growth and still expand our
margins and our earnings.

Operator

We can now take our next question from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities.

Jay Vleeschhouwer
Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division

Shantanu, you noted the closing this week of the Workfront acquisition, and it also happens to be this
week, the 15th anniversary of the Macromedia acquisition. And it's pretty evident what the long-term
value of that acquisition has been in terms of the impact on the company. And the question, therefore, for
Adobe today is, do you think that the long-term lasting value of the foundational technologies that you
have or are investing in DX could have a 10-year or more lasting value for Adobe? Or do you think that
perhaps the half-life, so to say, of foundational or critical technologies might be shorter? And if so, what
are the implications there for R&D spending and the like?

And then secondly, a recurring theme from the company this year, particularly in summit, has been
application and intelligent services, and Abhay referred to this. Looking ahead over the next number of
years, what do you think the contribution from those discrete new services might be. Aside from the
incumbents of Sign and Stock, I'm asking really more about the newer ones that you have in mind. And
are those services something that you might begin to disclose more specifically over time as they become
material?

Shantanu Narayen
Chairman, President & CEO

So Jay, let me take both. December is not only, as you point out, the anniversary of the Macromedia
acquisition in 2005. I can even have the privilege of going back and say, December was also when we did
an acquisition for Go Live in 1998. That was one of my first acquisitions, and that sort of embarked us on
the web journey as well, which has clearly proven to be also one of those seminal moments.

But more seriously, I think when we look at what we've done with Workfront, we've always had and
understood the technology component of what it means to deliver these services. But the amount of
spend, the amount of ability to drive efficiency as it relates to the internal workflows and processes
associated with it, because it's not just about the campaign itself, it's about the creation of the campaign.
And we've talked about this expression content velocity for a while. And so when people want the ability

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

27

ADOBE INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 10, 2020

to create these campaigns and personalize it and get this out in global, it's not just about the technology
platform, but it's also very much about the work management associated with it, which is why we're
excited about Workfront and what it does for us. I think as a company, they perhaps focused -- or
defocused and spent a little bit more time on the broader opportunity. And we just think focusing on
content and focusing on creation. Well, I think most people are correctly pointing to what we can do
as it relates to what happens on the marketing side, the fact is that we also have a significant number
of customers who use Workfront in conjunction with the Creative Cloud. And you've written about our
desire to continue to integrate the creative Cloud as well as the Experience Cloud with that entire content
creation, management, monetization, measurement, opportunity that we have. And I think this can be a
significant accelerant to that as well. So you have seminal products, whether it was Macromedia, whether
it was Day Software when we talked about content that actually created these significant opportunities for
us in terms of platforms. And now tying that together, the glue, which is why, when you look at one of the
slides in the deck and how Anil describes where Workfront is, it's really the glue that actually ties together
all of our marketing applications.

I think to your point, we feel like that could be a really significant enabler of increasing more people
into the entire marketing campaign workflow. And in addition to that, really providing more integration
capabilities across each of our solutions.

I think to your second point associated with services, what is phenomenal about both our creative
business and our document business is actually the breadth of our offering. I think this is related to
some of the questions. I mean we have mobile offerings. We have services offerings. We have single
app offerings. We have full offerings. We have freemium offerings. And I think, as the business scales, I
understand the need from investors to say, "Hey, how can you give us color?" That's part of the reason
why John was giving a little bit more color on how material the combination of Mobile and Stock and Sign
have given.

So I know we will continue to figure out how we can provide more insight. But I think it's to answer the
question of the incredible momentum that we're seeing around both the Creative Cloud and the Document
Cloud, what's underlying it. And there's very, very significant amount of debt associated with that entire
business, which is what's fueling our business.

And I've been reminded that it's also close to the eighth anniversary of when Scott and Behance joined us
in 2012. So Scott, it's good to have you onboard as well. But thanks for the question, Jay.

Operator

We will now take our next question from Kirk Materne of Evercore ISI.

Stewart Kirk Materne
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Shantanu, I was wondering if you could just double-click a little bit on the Experience Cloud business, just
in terms of the 3 pillars there: Customer Data, Content and Customer Journey. And is there one area in
particular or maybe 2 that you're particularly excited about as we head into calendar '21? I know there's
big opportunities for all of them. But just kind of curious as your thoughts on those kind of pillars and
where you see each of those positioned for next year.

And then, John, just on the Workfront acquisition, I realize you gave us the $25 million in revenue for the
first quarter. I assume it's fair to -- I assume it's fair that, that would ramp from there given the purchase
write-down. I know you probably don't want to give a full year number on revenue, but I assume that
should scale from that starting point throughout the rest of the year.

Shantanu Narayen
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Kirk, I mean, whenever I get asked questions, at least you didn't ask me the question that I can
never answer, which is one of my favorite products because as products in the portfolio, we can't -- I
don't distinguish between them. Maybe the ones that I would highlight is the momentum that we've seen

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

28

ADOBE INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 10, 2020

around the Adobe Experience Manager cloud version, that has been really phenomenal. And so we've seen
some really good success. As we moved, everybody is, again, thinking about content, how they improve
their agility. And so I think the content and commerce, which represents a large opportunity and the
fact that we've integrated how you can create a content site and then have an enabled commerce for it,
whether it's in B2C or B2B, we're seeing just a tremendous demand for it because every company that
didn't have the ability to transact business online was seeing a fair amount of headwinds in the pandemic.
So content and commerce, I will continue to believe is one of the underpinnings of our business and
continue to be a driver associated with it.

And the second one that I'll talk about is where experience platform, a big part of it is reported within the
data and insights and what we are seeing associated with now all of this data coming back and the unified
profile. So I think that is really one of the areas that we've also seen significant momentum in Q3 and in
Q4. People want to know how they can create that profile, how they can deliver it. So if there were 2 out
of the 3, though we'd say all 3 of them are growth opportunities, I'd probably prioritize it like that, Kirk.

John F. Murphy
Executive VP & CFO

And thanks, Kirk. Yes, absolutely, you're correct. The $25 million that we're targeting for Workfront in the
first quarter, of course, depending on what the purchase accounting plans (sic) [pans] out to be. We have
kind of modeled out for the year, too, based on our estimates on the deferred revenue haircut. So we are
expecting between $140 million and $150 million but again, really dependent upon when we finalize the
purchase accounting later this quarter. But it will ramp.

Shantanu Narayen
Chairman, President & CEO

And big picture on that, Kirk. I mean, certainly, our expectations for the Workfront acquisition net of
all the accounting things that John alluded to, that they would be accretive to the growth profile of the
company in terms of where the opportunity is and what we expect to do with that business. So I just want
to make sure we separate how internally we are looking at the growth and what we are driving towards as
our plan relative to what will be reported, as John mentioned, on the accounting side.

Operator

And we can now take our next question from Keith Bachman of BMO.

Keith Frances Bachman
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

As I'll ask, Shantanu, directly to you. One is a consistent question from me is the Document Cloud
continues to put up very strong numbers in terms of ARR and you're guiding the growth of the Document
Cloud TAM opportunity, again, between 2022 and 2023, at 60% growth, which is far higher than the ARR
growth. So I just wanted to see what you think the conclusion should be for the current run rate of ARR
growth, call it, mid-30s and a pretty significant growth of the TAM. Does that suggest that the growth rate
can actually accelerate?

And then I'll just ask my second question. Thanks very much for the disclosure surrounding the Creative
Cloud, including the users and the dollar TAM, very helpful and interesting. Where would you rank-order,
so to speak, the growth potential being driven by the consumers, communicators or creative pros as we
think about our model over the next couple of years?

Shantanu Narayen
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure, Keith. So I think there were 2 questions in there. I think the first one as it relates to where we
are ensuring that our Document products are being adopted, remember, the Document products get
adopted both as part of the Document Cloud and what are reported in the Document Cloud ARR. But
also Acrobat is a huge part of what we report within the Creative Cloud and what's happening within the
Creative Cloud. So the growth that we are seeing in documents is reflected in both because, in many

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

29

ADOBE INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 10, 2020

ways, what we see is that the adoption of PDF as a collaborative medium as well as for workflow in the
creative segment is also extremely large. So think of it as really fueling 2 large growth opportunities. But
certainly, I think the acceleration that we've seen in that business and the continued focus and investment
that we're going to make in that business gives us a lot of confidence of being able to continuously grow
the document business from our perspective.

I think as you look at which customer segments, much like Jennifer's question as it related to ARR, the
numbers associated with it versus the ARR could have potentially different answers. And certainly, I think,
on the consumer side, what we are seeing with the mobile ID creation, what we are seeing in imaging
maybe, which appeals primarily as a new category to the consumers, the communicators is a large space.
It's always been a big part of the halo. And so the numbers are probably, in terms of new customer
acquisition, largest in consumers, then in communicators, then in creative pros. But the opportunity to
drive ARR continues to be across all 3 because of the different price points as well as, in many cases, the
way we upsell into those particular customer segments.

So that's the way we look at it. Again, I've done this enough where I know people want a simple N
multiplied by N in order to be able to do it. But I think what actually makes us so differentiated and such a
sustainable business is really the fact that we have these breadth and depth of offerings in the DDOM that
we've talked to you about, where we know how to personalize each offering.

And it's also different by geography. Maybe that's one of the things that I should mention, and it's
different, for example, in education. Education had a phenomenal year, and that's seeding that next-
generation of creative professionals but, in many cases, whether it's the K-12 license or a license for an
entire educational institution, the ARR may be small. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of color as to
how we think about each of those segments.

But the nice thing is now we have a product portfolio that cuts across all of them.

Operator

We can now take our next question from Ken Wong with Guggenheim Securities.

Hoi-Fung Wong
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Just one for me. I wanted to just touch on the slide you guys put up there with the -- in future experience
where the average ARR from the top 100 customers went from $3 million to $8 million, which is very
impressive. Just wondering what kind of headroom do you think you have with that top 100 as more adopt
your kind of full CDP?

And then also, how far down the customer list could you possibly maybe see a similar $3 million to $8
million type uplift from your customer base?

Shantanu Narayen
Chairman, President & CEO

I think one of the impressive things, Ken, that Anil has done is really focus on what he calls the
transformational accounts, which is in many ways, I think has -- he has taken on responsibility for the
entire product as well as on the go to market. I think an analysis showed that while we were getting
significant traction with the number of customers that we had, it's really this focus on transformational
accounts and creating a good go to market has demonstrated that there's massive headroom associated
with this with our customers.

I think the Verizon example was a good example to articulate and show how each of our products. And the
second part of that, honestly, is the fact that we are also far better at demonstrating what the ROI is. And
again, Anil, I think, touched on the ROI associated with the Experience Cloud.

So as you take the ROI as well as you take the focus that we have on these transformational accounts,
you add the ability to do Workfront, we just continue to think that there's massive opportunity. That's the
beachhead, but that doesn't mean in any way, shape or form that there's a limited set of transformational

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

30

ADOBE INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 10, 2020

accounts. Rather, it's the recipe to continue to deliver value, become strategic to these customers and
drive significant ARR.

And as it relates to the breadth and depth of that customer base, again, going back to the question that I
think was asked around Experience Cloud and what's driving it, the EM cloud service is not just a service
that can apply to large enterprises who maybe want to create new websites as it relates to campaigns.
The fact that it's easily provisioned and easily on-ramp actually makes it a very appropriate solution for
what we refer to as commercial or mid-market or small and medium business customers. And integrating
things like analytics into it and commerce into it with the Magento service enables us to really say, we
could be a one-stop shop for getting a web presence as well as for transacting commerce on the web. So
clearly, the aspirations are to enable people to have a quick and one-stop on-ramp.

Operator

We can now take our next question from Walter Pritchard of Citi.

Walter Herbert Pritchard
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

I had 2 questions, one for John and one for Abhay. John, on the -- one of the slides, you talked about 75%
of the individual subscribers new to the Creative Cloud franchise in fiscal '20. Can you just clarify the other
25%, are they coming from mobile apps that were the prior year? Where is the other 25% coming from?
I think the disclosure of the past is a little bit different. I'm just trying to frame that. And then I have a
follow-up.

John F. Murphy
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I mean, they're coming from a couple of different places. Certainly, mobile, as we talked about
before, is a huge on-ramp for us, and we've been having so many new Adobe IDs created on mobile. We
also have perpetual, is the other part of that as well. So definitely strong performance across both of those
in Q4.

Walter Herbert Pritchard
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Got it. Great. And then for Abhay, if he's still on, just around -- you talked about more API -- opening up
more APIs. And I know InSign, one of your competitors there is quite strong, leveraging that. Could you
talk about where you expect to see sort of the tangible revenue impact as you embark on that effort and
productize some of that, that you're building around API-based access for products?

Abhay Parasnis
Executive VP of Strategy & Growth and CTO

Sure. So I think at a macro level, I mean -- and we shared a little bit both Shantanu talked about in the
Document Cloud strategy and I covered across all our businesses, but especially in Document Cloud, PDF
has always been a very vibrant ecosystem play, as you know, for us, where it's connected into a lot of
ISVs and solutions across existing verticals, line of business applications. And so what we are starting
to now do is opening up APIs and working with 3 kinds of players. There are large ISVs like Microsoft,
Workday, ServiceNow, where we are connecting our applications and APIs directly into their ecosystems
and applications and have kind of joint attach motion there. But then we are also opening it up for the
broader developer ecosystem. And as you know, even on our DX Enterprise business, we have products
like Magento and ecosystems of large developers who connect to our platform, whether it's AEM Magento
and we are opening up our APIs around signatures, PDF to that long tail of developers.

So I would say large ISVs like Microsoft, ServiceNow, Workday that we have announced partnerships
around and integrating and then a broad long tail developer reach play where they are embedding our
APIs and services for more in line into their applications and taking it to market.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

31

ADOBE INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 10, 2020

The last thing I'll say, and kind of we shared also since AI, the other piece of the API strategy is also
opening up our intelligence services around Sensei platform and exposing those also beyond our
applications for developers and ISVs, which are very unique and differentiated. So that's the other
component of that.

Operator

We can now take our next question from Derrick Wood, Cowen and Company. .

James Derrick Wood
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Great. Two questions for me. Shantanu, maybe I'd start on kind of doubling down on the communicators
market and just curious about who some of the more popular personas are out there and maybe how
COVID's been a catalyst and what you guys are doing to kind of lean into that market more.

And then for John, on the digital experience side, it seems like there's a lot of margin leverage to be
driven out of that business. Restructuring on the ad cloud side is one step. Sounds like maybe more
revenue leverage out of AEP is another. But can you just talk about some of the things you guys are doing
to drive better leverage on both the gross and operating margin as we look over the next year or 2?

Shantanu Narayen
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Let me start. As it relates to the communicators, what I think most people don't maybe fully
appreciate is what is happening on the web with respect to wanting to do certain creative tasks and being
able to fulfill those tasks with what we are doing around search engine and everything associated with the
actions that people want to do. They want to remove the background for a picture. They want to post it for
social media. And just the communicators that we refer to are also what were perhaps referred to in the
past as knowledge workers because we just fundamentally believe that every piece of printed material or
presented material benefits from this more interactive, graphics-rich.

And so what we are seeing is the ability for people to say I want a single click ability to finish my task, and
then once they finish that task, expose me to all of the other riches that exist in Adobe's creative product.
So I think that's a big driver of what the communicator has. We certainly see that with Spark. We see
that across Lightroom as people want to share their images. But we also see it in our category-leading
applications. Video is the other place, where the usage of video in virtually every piece of communication
is rapidly accelerating. So hopefully, that gives you a couple of examples of where the communicator
organic demand is coming from.

John F. Murphy
Executive VP & CFO

And Derrick, in relation to digital experience, yes, we -- I mean, looking at the TAM, we have such a great
opportunity. As you've seen, we expect acceleration and then with Workfront even further acceleration.
Workfront had stumbled there before we actually acquired them a little bit, but we know that the demand
is there for that solution. And coupled with our capabilities, we know we can actually accelerate that back.
So there's definitely revenue leverage in the digital experience business.

And as we said, the way we realigned the digital experience business by moving and cloud out of that
segment because we're operating it a bit differently, we wanted to make sure that we're operating the
digital experience business the way a healthy a SaaS company, we should view it. We have aspirations for
very strong margins there. You think about healthy SaaS companies growing and their margins, you have
the rule of 40. So we're definitely excited about that.

The other thing we're doing is we're going to continue to invest, as we said, in hiring and not only in R&D
but also in sales capacity because that's the -- we're not opportunity-constrained. We just definitely need
to take advantage of the ability to capture all this opportunity, particularly now the way that we've aligned
the solutions within digital experience and they're resonating with our customers and then, of course, with
Workfront, we can accelerate even more.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

32

ADOBE INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 10, 2020

Operator

We can now take our next question from Sterling Auty of JPMorgan.

Sterling Auty
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Shantanu, how would you characterize in the Digital Marketing, Advertising, Adobe Experience area,
with all the products ranging from the original Omniture all the way through to Marketo and all the
homegrown solutions as well, where are you in the evolution of taking that entire stack into a fully
integrated Kubernetes-enabled, cloud-delivered platform? Are you complete? Is there still phases left to
deliver? And how might that investment impact gross margins moving forward?

Shantanu Narayen
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, Sterling, when we have the kind of innovation opportunity ahead of us, let me first start off by saying
we've made tremendous progress. So the delivery of the Adobe Experience platform was a momentous
milestone, Sterling, not just because we delivered all this new functionality, but we started to have,
whether it's Adobe Campaign functionality integrated into the Experience platform to be able to do
Customer Journey; whether it was the Adobe Analytics, what you referred to as the Omniture functionality
and being able to get insight of all of that data. And so the progress that we've made in being able to drive
all of these solutions into a common platform, it's never done. To some degree, I remember that people
would ask me how much innovation do you have on the creative products, and here we are decades later.
And the list of what we can do with these products dwarfs what we ever had 20 years ago.

So as I think about the experience platform and I think about what every enterprise has to do to rewire
it, I think we're in a fantastic position given the engineering efforts over the last few years to have this
integrated platform that nobody else has. It runs on cloud. I think you've seen with the progress and
success that we've had around Microsoft and what we've done with Microsoft on Azure, it's certainly cloud-
aware. The announcement that we made with IBM with the ability for all of these to also run in a hybrid
cloud, where people, whether it's for regulatory reasons or other reasons, want to run it on their private
cloud network, we've made progress. And there's clearly interest on companies like VMware and IBM to
partner with us on that. So I'm really confident about the architectural thing, but the way we look at it
is you're constantly architecting for new architectures. You're constantly doing work in AI and ML and
providing more and more insights. Some of the ways in which we've actually added tremendous value is in
the reporting and the analysis and the insight that each one of these has been doing.

But the breadth and depth of our offerings, I think there's still significant headroom of what we can
do because the way you have to think about it is, if we believe that with DDOM, we're one of the most
mature companies in terms of having a digital funnel and how we operate that's driven our success,
we're pioneers not just in delivering technology but in how we've moved it. And that movement for every
company now rethinking their business process, rethinking their computer architecture, we're at such an
early stage that we're going to have to keep innovating around that space.

And so we think of it right now as an overall growth opportunity. We have made, as you saw, the strategic
decisions around how we think about margin in that particular business. And so we will continue to see
margins expand in that business. But I think what you should be most excited about as an investor is the
fact that we're investing in this immense opportunity and extending our lead. And so I think that's the way
we think about it.

You look at the overall margins of the company, again, and I think John alluded to this, despite investing in
Workfront, despite investing in sales capacity, despite saying that we will accelerate growth, we're showing
you margin expansion for the entire company.

So we know how to do this, which just drive top line growth and bottom line growth at an impressive
margin. So that's how, at least, I think about it.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

33

ADOBE INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 10, 2020

We'll now take our final question from Keith Weiss of Morgan Stanley.

Stan Zlotsky
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

And this actually Stan Zlotsky sitting in for Keith. Two questions from our end. If you look at the Creative
Cloud and the progression of that, the pie chart that you guys put up there from 2017 to 2020, we can
see that there's a fairly pronounced shift in ARR from team to individual. And maybe just following up on
the question that Jennifer asked earlier. As we move into 2021 and beyond, how should we think about
the progression of the shift moving forward? Will we see more continuous push from individual? Or are we
starting to reach a more normalized equilibrium within those 2 categories? And then a very quick follow-
up.

Shantanu Narayen
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, I think what you should see and what you will expect is, first and foremost, the pie expanding. And
as it relates to the total addressable market, the main thing that you have to think about is this is market
expansion. We're growing the value associated with our customers. I think it's steady state at some point
in the prior business, which may be a predictor, it was closer to 50-50. But the thing that, again, I would
reemphasize is that a lot of that is we drive into individual and then convert into the entire offering. And
so that's it.

And so big picture, I would focus more on the growth of the pie. The exact mix between those 2, we look
at both of them and feel like they're growing really well. And I'm happy to answer your second question as
well, Stan.

Stan Zlotsky
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

That makes a lot of sense. And just digging into the slight rejiggering your reporting segments and the
creation of the new publishing and advertising segment, what are you seeing behind the scenes in your
business? And how should we think about this -- the print and publishing segment? Obviously, it's a very
small part of the overall revenue component. But why create this dedicated segment and pull out the
advertising from Experience Cloud?

Shantanu Narayen
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, what we were trying to do was give you more insight and color into how we were running the
different businesses, and I think that's a key part of it. I think the print business, which was, as a lot of
you know, the genesis of the company. It's a business that continues to do well, but it wasn't a growth
category as much as a high profitability category. We talked about in the advertising cloud, getting out of
a lot of the transaction-based revenue that we were seeing. And the

[Audio Gap]

investor should take is

[Audio Gap]

pure play, what is being reported as part of the Digital Experience segment, that there's a clear alignment
between what you see on bookings and what you see on revenue.

As you've seen, the consulting services has been proactively driven down as a percentage of the revenue
as we have a thriving ecosystem. I think the advertising cloud will not be a growth opportunity for us.
There are some strategic partners who like the fact that we can continue to deliver it. But I would take
that as a signal. We're really focused on the large growth opportunities where we have a differentiated
solution, and it's purely subscription-based revenue because that's in alignment with how we think about
the largest opportunities. And so we're focused as a company on making sure that we do it.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

34

ADOBE INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 10, 2020

I'm actually really pleased with how we transitioned that and how we communicate it to customers. And
so this focus on the software-as-a-service component of all of our businesses, we believe that, that drives
top line growth. We believe that, that drives margin, and we believe that, that's consistent with where we
want to be as a company.

And given that was the last question, I want to, again, first and foremost, thank you all for joining us
today in what was this virtual format. I really hope you share the passion that we feel for the mission,
the tremendous market opportunity ahead of us. The depth that we have in our technology platforms and
really the significant customer value that we're delivering and providing.

We really believe that the global brand, the customer base that we have, the ubiquity of our software and
the dedicated employees provides a real competitive advantage that, frankly, is the envy of the industry.
From my perspective, 2020 was an amazing year. We expect the momentum to continue in 2021 and
beyond. And I certainly believe that our best years are ahead of us.

As a number of you said, let me also wish you all a healthy, safe holiday season, and we really look
forward to continuing to share the momentum and the story that we have in the new year. So thank you
for joining us. And with that, I'll hand it back over to Jonathan.

Jonathan Vaas
Vice President of Investor Relations
Thanks, Shantanu, and thanks again to everyone on the phone and on the webcast for joining us today. As
Shantanu mentioned earlier, I also hope that we'll have an opportunity next fall to do this in person again,
but we're really pleased that you joined us for the virtual event. Stay safe out there. Happy holidays to
everyone. We look forward to seeing you at the Q1 call in March, and I'm sure I will be speaking to many
of you very soon. This concludes the event.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

35

ADOBE INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 10, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

36

