Automatic Data Processing, Inc. 

NasdaqGS:ADP
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, April 29, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

EPS 
Normalized 

1.89

1.92

Revenue  (mm)

4025.79

4047.80

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-27-2020 6:11 AM GMT

1.59

0.55

1.07

5.82

-

6.28

3388.25

14597.29

14600.46

15241.29

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

1.13

1.33

1.44

1.14

1.34

1.52

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

0.88 %

0.75 %

5.56 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

FQ3 2020

1.89

1.92

1.59 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

 
AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Danyal Hussain
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Kathleen A. Winters
Corporate Vice President & CFO

ANALYSTS

Bryan C. Bergin
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

David Michael Grossman
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Kartik Mehta
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Kevin Damien McVeigh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Lisa Ann Dejong Ellis
MoffettNathanson LLC

Ramsey Clark El-Assal
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Steven Matthew Wald
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Tien-Tsin Huang
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning. My name is Shannon, and I will be your conference operator. At this time, I would like to
welcome everyone to ADP's Third Quarter Fiscal 2020 Earnings Call. I would like to inform you that this
conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]

Thank you. We will now turn the conference over to Mr. Danyal Hussain, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Please go ahead.

Danyal Hussain
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Shannon. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining ADP's Third Quarter Fiscal 2020
Earnings Call and Webcast. Participating today are Carlos Rodriguez, our President and Chief Executive
Officer; and Kathleen Winters, our Chief Financial Officer.

Earlier this morning, we released our results for the third quarter of fiscal 2020. The earnings materials
are available on the SEC's website and our Investor Relations website at investors.adp.com, where you
will also find the investor presentation that accompanies today's call as well as our quarterly history of
revenue and pretax earnings by reportable segment.

During our call today, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe to be useful to
investors and that exclude the impact of certain items. A description and the timing of these items, along
with a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to their most comparable GAAP measures, can be found in
our earnings release. Today's call will also contain forward-looking statements that refer to future events
and involve some risks. We encourage you to review our filings with the SEC for additional information on
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. As always, please
do not hesitate to reach out should you have any questions.

And with that, let me now turn the call over to Carlos.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Dany, and thank you, everyone, for joining our call. Before we begin, I want to first say that
our thoughts and prayers are with those who have been or know someone who has been impacted by
COVID-19. Every day, we hear about how much of a challenge it has been for employers and workers
alike, including our own. I'd like to recognize our associates for rising to the challenge and delivering
exceptional service to our clients despite the extraordinary circumstances they've had to face. To them, I
want to say thank you.

For our discussion today, we'll spend a little less time talking about the third quarter and more time on the
current operating climate, and I'd like to offer a couple of upfront points.

First is that ADP is not immune to the global pandemic's impact on the labor markets. But while we
may make tactical adjustments as we navigate through this crisis, we believe our long-term strategy is
unaffected. And we remain optimistic about how we're positioned over the coming years once the business
environment and our clients return to more normal operations.

The second point is that we will continue to serve our clients in the way we know best, by offering the
tools, resources and support they need to manage their business and their workforce through all types of
operating environments, including this challenging one.

With that said, this morning, we reported our third quarter fiscal 2020 results with revenue of $4 billion,
up 6% reported in organic constant currency and in line with our expectations. We expanded our adjusted
EBIT margin by 60 basis points in the quarter, which was ahead of our expectations, even though it

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

included an unplanned $50 million global associate assistance payment in response to COVID-19. And with
the solid revenue and margin performance, we were pleased to deliver 8% adjusted diluted EPS growth,
which was also slightly ahead of our expectations coming into the quarter.

Turning now to the current situation. I'd like to take a few minutes to go deeper on how COVID-19 has
affected our operations and what we've done to respond. As the situation evolved over the past couple
of months, we focused first on the safety of our associates. In March, we took steps to quickly shift over
50,000 of our associates to work from home and now have approximately 98% of our workforce working
remotely in a secure manner. In doing so, we leveraged our previous investments in business resiliency.
And in addition, we ordered thousands of laptops, expanded remote access capacity, provided at-home
Internet, and for those critical personnel that needed to work on site, we took steps to ensure their safety
while they performed those essential on-site tasks. This was a huge undertaking by our global IT, security,
legal and HR organizations, and I'm extremely proud of their execution.

We also worked with our critical third-party service providers to ensure they were positioned to continue
to support us. And in March, we also had our field sales force shift from in-person to a virtual sales model.
And while that's not an ideal circumstance for some of our quota carriers, they're making the most of the
situation.

While we were executing on these business resiliency plans, we also worked nonstop to address our
clients' needs to ensure uninterrupted service across our HCM solutions. We provide a mission-critical
service and process payroll for 1 in 6 Americans and over 40 million workers around the world. And to
offer immediate support, we provided a number of online resources, including an employer preparedness
toolkit and webinars attended by tens of thousands of clients. We also quickly made available for free the
payroll cost and headcount reports necessary to apply for forgivable loans under the Paycheck Protection
Program of the CARES Act. And these reports have been downloaded hundreds of thousands of times.

Service is more important than ever in times like this. We saw call volumes increase significantly beginning
in March and had nearly 2 million inbound requests across our service channels in a matter of weeks, with
clients looking for help with a variety of issues, including adding custom pay codes related to COVID-19,
redirecting checks to different locations and requesting new time-tracking hardware that doesn't require
a physical contact. In many cases, they were simply seeking general guidance in understanding new
legislation.

To meet our clients' needs, we retrained and quickly redeployed hundreds of associates to where they
were needed most. And our service and IT teams worked quickly to digest and translate new legislation
from the many jurisdictions around the world into our global payroll, time and attendance and other
systems in a short period of time to allow our clients to comply with and benefit from these changes in
legislation.

As the environment for companies continues to evolve, whether due to legislative changes or operational
realities, we at ADP are committed to supporting our clients to help them best navigate those changes. As
we communicated in an open letter to U.S. policy leaders, ADP stands ready to facilitate current and future
initiatives that provide support to our clients and their workers.

And in support of our local communities, ADP has made over $2 million in donations to relief efforts,
including a dedicated relief fund for ADP associates that needed assistance as well as donations of medical
supplies for hospitals, food banks and their workers.

With all that said, the significant impact of COVID-19 it is having on a broader economy is, in turn,
having an effect on our reported metrics and in a much more abrupt fashion as compared to previous
macroeconomic slowdowns. You can see this in our Employer Services New Business Bookings metric. This
quarter, we reported a decrease of 9% as we saw bookings decline significantly and rapidly in mid-March,
when we typically would have expected to close many deals for the quarter. These results were, of course,
well below our expectations coming into the quarter. And while some of our businesses performed slightly
better than others in March, the weakness was generally broad-based as the health crisis is affecting
companies of all sizes and regions, including internationally.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

We believe the impact to bookings stems from 2 factors: first is the buying behavior of our clients and
prospects. As with prior uncertain economic environments, our clients and prospects have become time-
and resource-constrained and are faced with reassessing their own operations to best ride out the impact
of this health crisis. And although our products support mission-critical functions, making decisions about
additional HCM services or making the decision to switch from another vendor to ADP can get put off to
a later time. Even in circumstances where decisions have already been made, clients are understandably
delaying implementation, which can also cause us to adjust down the bookings we record. The general
change in behavior is common in recessionary periods, and we are certainly not surprised to see it this
time. It's clearly happened in a more abrupt manner compared to what we've experienced in the past.

Second, as I mentioned earlier, there have naturally been constraints that limited the activity of our sales
force. While we have been able to lean more heavily on an inside sales strategy and virtual interactions by
our field sales force, there has still been a reduction in our sales force productivity.

Our sales organization is experienced and resilient and will continue to work hard in the fourth quarter.
Because of a variety of factors, which we believe will have an outside impact on the fourth quarter
bookings, including the effectiveness of the Paycheck Protection Program in supporting small to midsized
businesses and how quickly our clients can adapt to working in this new environment and resume more
normal buying behavior, there is clearly a very wide range of outcomes.

But to calibrate your expectations, we are guiding for a full year ES New Business Bookings -- our ES New
Business Bookings to be down 20%, which implies our fourth quarter bookings will be down by more than
50%. But with all that said, we remain confident in our product portfolio and optimistic about our ability to
drive sustained growth in ES bookings in a sounder economic environment.

I'd now like to spend a minute or 2 on some of the other macro-driven trends we've observed in our
client base. Our pays per control metric, which represents employee growth for a broad subset of our
client base, was solid through February but decelerated to a slight negative growth by the end of March,
averaging 1.9% growth for the quarter. Early in April, we saw it deteriorate further to a double-digit
negative decline, with the steepest decline among smaller businesses. For context, this level of pays per
control decline is significantly worse than even the worst quarter in the financial crisis, underscoring that
it's hard to compare this environment even against past recessions. While we hope that legislation aimed
at preserving employment will drive a recovery in pays per control, we had not seen it through mid-April.

On retention, we were actually pleased with our performance in the third quarter, with both third quarter
and year-to-date retention performance better than our expectations and ahead of pace for our previous
annual guidance. We set all-time third quarter retention records in our downmarket and mid-market
businesses as client satisfaction scores were at or near all-time highs and as the benefits of our technology
and migration strategy over the past several years continue to bear fruit. But clearly, out-of-business
losses are a concern for the fourth quarter and beyond. And although they have not yet meaningfully
picked up by the end of March or even into April, early indicators of stress in our client base have shown
up, and we expect deterioration in retention in May and June. Kathleen will share some of the assumptions
for the fourth quarter when she goes through the outlook.

I'd like to pivot now from the current macro environment and focus on our strategy and what we're doing
to drive longer-term value for our clients. At ADP, we remain steadfast in our commitment to lead in
the HCM industry with best-in-class technology and service. At our February Innovation Day, we shared
an update with many of you about the innovation we are driving across our key strategic and next-gen
solutions. The HCM industry is an exciting place with constant change, and we will continue to invest to
position ourselves to meet the evolving needs of our clients over not just the coming years but the coming
decades.

At Innovation Day, we covered several topics, and I'd like to reframe a few of our key products against
today's backdrop. With ADP RUN, we helped small businesses manage their essential HR tasks from basic
payroll to a full HCM suite. We highlighted our push to drive digital sales and onboarding capabilities,
which is especially relevant in today's environment. And we also highlighted innovations in automating
service and implementation, which relieves pressure on our service organization.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

We discussed Workforce Now and our public cloud-native version that we are pairing with our next-
gen payroll engine, which utilizes a fully transparent policy-based model for improved implementations,
maintenance and self-service as well as continuous payroll calculations for clients looking for on-demand
pay options. We also talked about Wisely and the ease of use and the financial tools that make it attractive
-- an attractive way to get paid. And just this month, we made Wisely Direct available to our mid-market
Workforce Now clients, which we believe will be beneficial to the many workers in our base that still get
paid by a paper check. And of course, we discussed our next-gen HCM, which we believe represents a big
step ahead of current offerings in the market and for which we remain excited about scaling and selling
more broadly.

Before I turn it over to Kathleen, I'd like to take a moment to once again thank our associates. This
health crisis and the resulting economic fallout hasn't been easy on anyone, but our associates have really
stepped up to ensure we continue to provide our clients with the support they need. And our clients and I
appreciate it.

Kathleen, I'll turn it over to you now.

Kathleen A. Winters
Corporate Vice President & CFO

Thank you, Carlos, and good morning, everyone. As Carlos mentioned, we were generally pleased with our
execution in Q3. And our financial results were not significantly impacted by COVID-19, with the exception
of new business bookings. We expect Q4, however, to be challenging on a few fronts. And I will cover this
when I go through our guidance.

This quarter's revenue growth of 6% reported and organic constant currency was in line with our
expectations. Our adjusted EBIT margin was up 60 basis points compared to the third quarter of fiscal
2019, even though it included a $50 million cost of a global associate assistance payment related to
COVID-19, which we disclosed in an 8-K several weeks ago. Excluding this, our margin performance
was even further ahead of our expectations and continued to benefit from a combination of cost savings
related to our transformation initiatives and operating efficiencies as well as lower-than-expected incentive
compensation expenses. These benefits were partially offset by growth in PEO zero-margin benefits pass-
through expenses and amortization expense as well as certain other expenses related to COVID-19.

Our adjusted effective tax rate increased 30 basis points to 23.8% compared to the third quarter of fiscal
2019. And adjusted diluted earnings per share increased 8% to $1.92, driven by revenue growth and
margin expansion as well as fewer shares outstanding compared to a year ago.

Moving on to segment results. In our Employer Services segment, revenues grew 3% reported and 4%
organic constant currency, reflecting steady underlying performance with strong retention trends, offset
by continued FX pressure and a growing headwind from interest income. Interest income on client funds
declined 5%, and average yield on client funds declined 20 basis points to 2%, offsetting growth in
average client funds balances of 4% to $31.3 billion. This growth in balances was driven by a combination
of client growth, wage inflation and growth in our pays per control in the quarter, partially offset by lower
SUI collections and the closure of our Netherlands money movement operation earlier this year.

Our Employer Services same-store pays per control metrics in the U.S. was 1.9% for the third quarter, and
I'll talk a bit more about the trends we're seeing in a moment. Employer Services margins increased 100
basis points in the quarter, ahead of expectations and driven by many of the same factors I mentioned
earlier when discussing our consolidated results.

Our PEO segment margins grew 11% for the quarter to $1.2 billion and average worksite employees grew
7% to 595,000, ahead of our expectations and driven by strong year-to-date new business bookings. We
were pleased with this reacceleration in our worksite employee growth in the third quarter and believe
we would have been positioned for further acceleration exiting the year, if not for COVID-19. Revenues,
excluding zero-margin benefits pass-throughs, grew 9% to $490 million and continued to include pressure
from lower workers' compensation and SUI costs and related pricing. PEO margin expanded 10 basis
points in the quarter, in line with our expectations.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Let me now turn to our outlook for the remainder of the year. I'll start by discussing some of the specific
macro-driven factors that affect our financial performance. I'll caveat by saying that we're clearly
operating in an evolving and uncertain situation, and we're using data currently available to us to make
reasonable assumptions on which we are basing our guidance.

First, out-of-business losses. We expect our retention to be impacted by elevated out-of-business losses in
Q4. And although the federal government is providing stimulus to help companies continue operating, we
are seeing clear strain on our client base and have observed certain leading indicators, such as companies
going inactive and no longer running payroll. Many of whom will restart their operations at some point, but
some of whom we expect will not. Based on our experience with these leading indicators, we are building
in an expectation for additional losses in our fourth quarter outlook. And as a result, we're lowering our full
year retention guidance to be down 30 to 50 basis points despite running ahead of our expectations on a
year-to-date basis.

Next, pays per control. We exited March with negative pays per control growth. And in April, it
deteriorated to a double-digit decline. We were assuming a 2% to 2.5% pays per control decline for the
full year, which implies a mid-teens decline for Q4. As a reminder of how this affects us, we have varied
contracts throughout our businesses that blend base fees and per employee fees. And we also often utilize
tiered pricing and have certain annual revenues that are not as affected. As a result, with our current mix
of business, the direct revenue impact we expect to see is about 25 basis points in ES revenue growth
for every 1% change in PPC. Some of our businesses are more sensitive to pays per control than others.
And so the precise [ mix ] that pays per control by business can drive the actual revenue impact higher
or lower in any given period. This direct impact also doesn't include the impact from our volume-based
businesses like recruiting or payment cards.

Finally, on client fund balances. Through the combination of a challenging sales environment, an
anticipated increase in out-of-business losses, a decline in pays per control and potential decline in wages
and hours worked, we expect to see pressure in our balances in the near term. Furthermore, the CARES
Act has a provision that allows companies to defer the payment of the employer portion of payroll taxes,
which represents less than 5% of our average client fund balance. But depending on the actual take rate
of that provision, we could see further pressure on our balance growth.

As a result of all these factors, we now expect 1% balance growth for the full year, which implies a low
double-digit decline in the fourth quarter. To adjust the size of our client fund investments to match
expected changes in average client payroll and tax volumes, beginning in March, we halted all new
reinvestment of maturities in our client long and extended portfolios. And in April, we took the additional
step of selling approximately $1.2 billion of previously purchased securities in the client long and extended
portfolios. This decision to suspend new purchases means our Q4 interest income forecast reflects
a slightly greater skew to overnight rates than previously forecasted. Both the suspension of new
purchases and the completed sale of securities is contemplated in our guidance. To be clear, these
decisions represent tactical adjustments and do not represent a change to our overall client fund strategy.

Let's now turn to our revised outlook for the full year and start with the ES segment. We are lowering our
guidance to 1% to 2% revenue growth versus our prior outlook of 4%, driven mainly by an expectation of
lower pays per control, new business bookings, client fund interest and retention versus our prior outlook.
Much of this lost revenue comes at high incremental margins. And as a result, and also due to additional
costs related to COVID-19, we now expect our margin in the Employer Services segment to be down 25 to
up 25 basis points.

For our PEO, we saw good momentum up through the end of March. And as I mentioned earlier,
we believe we were on track for continued acceleration exiting the year but are now layering in our
expectation for layoffs and furloughs and additional out-of-business losses. As a reminder, in our PEO
segment, we earn revenues as a percent of the gross payroll we process. And as a result, we are more
directly tied to changes in our clients' headcount and hours worked as compared to our Employer Services
segment.

As a result of these assumptions and our expectations for lower Q4 PEO sales, we are lowering our
average worksite employee growth expectation to 3% to 5% from 7% to 8% previously. We are likewise

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

lowering our revenue guidance and now expect 5% to 7% PEO revenue growth in fiscal 2020 and 3% to
5% growth in PEO revenues, excluding zero-margin benefits pass-throughs.

As we also discussed throughout the year, we continue to expect lower workers' compensation and SUI
costs and related pricing to pressure our total PEO revenue growth, though we could see those trends
change in the coming years.

For PEO margin, we now expect to be down 100 to 125 basis points in fiscal 2020. As we noted in previous
calls, this outlook continues to include pressure from smaller favorable reserve adjustments at ADP
Indemnity in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019. But we now expect about 75 basis points of pressure
compared to our previous expectation of 50 basis points of pressure, though we still expect a slight benefit
this year.

With these changes to the segments, we now anticipate total revenue growth of about 3% in fiscal
2020 as compared to our previous outlook of 6%. This revenue outlook continues to assume slight FX
unfavorability for fiscal 2020. As I mentioned, we anticipate our growth in average client fund balances
to be about 1% compared to our previous outlook of 4%, and we expect the average yield earned on our
client fund investments to be about 2.1% compared to our previous outlook of 2.2%. We expect interest
income on client funds to be $540 million to $550 million and for interest income from our extended
investment strategy to be $550 million to $560 million.

We anticipate our adjusted EBIT margin to be down 25 to up 25 basis points as the benefits from our
workforce optimization and procurement transformation initiatives are now being offset by the impact of
expected lost revenue due to COVID-19 as well as incremental expenses related to COVID-19, including
the $50 million in global associate assistance payments. We now anticipate our adjusted effective tax
rate to be 22.9%. The rate includes this quarter's unplanned tax benefit from stock-based compensation
related to stock option exercises. It does not include any further estimated tax benefit related to potential
future stock option exercises.

As a result of our lowered revenue and margin outlook, we now expect adjusted diluted earnings per share
to grow 4% to 7% in fiscal 2020. In light of this revised 2020 guidance, the multiple headwinds created by
the global pandemic and the uncertain and evolving situation, we are withdrawing the fiscal 2021 targets
that we set out at our 2018 Investor Day as they are no longer appropriate to the current circumstances.
However, we continue to believe in our long-term strategy and are well positioned to continue to invest to
execute this strategy.

Finally, before I conclude, I'd like to talk about the strength of ADP's business model and balance sheet.
We have a highly cash-generative business with low capital intensity, and the HCM solutions we provide
give critical support to our clients' HR and management functions, especially at times like these. In
addition to having a resilient product and business model, we also have a significant buffer between our
free cash flow and our modest debt obligations in our cash dividend. This enables us to absorb the impact
of downturns and continue to prioritize investments aligned with our longer-term strategy as well as our
commitments to shareholder-friendly actions. So although our revenue growth can clearly be impacted by
challenging macro conditions, our recurring revenue model and high retention rate positions us to continue
the type of investments we highlighted at our Innovation Day even when times are tough.

We will, meanwhile, continue to manage our cost base prudently. We have instituted hiring containment
and started to execute on our recession playbook with a preplanned set of areas where we will see some
of our expenses self-adjust, such as management and sales incentives, and we will eliminate or defer
nonessential spend. We are working through an evolving and uncertain situation and are formulating our
approach for next year. And we will, of course, provide you with our expectations and outlook for fiscal
2021, when we report our fourth quarter results. As always, expect us to be balanced in our approach.

With that, I will pass it back to Carlos for some comments before we go to Q&A.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Thanks, Kathleen. Before we move on to the Q&A, I just wanted to share with you an excerpt of one of the
many notes we've received from our clients that captures how we want to define ourselves. This one said,
"We are a small business that has used ADP for quite a few years now. Every time we call, there has been
a knowledgeable professional at ADP that immediately solves the problem and answers the question. We
recently needed payroll data to apply for the COVID-19 Payroll Protection Program. I immediately went to
ADP's website to see how I should go about selecting and downloading the required payroll data. Imagine
the relief when opening the screen, there was a COVID-19 pop-up that proactively provided your clients
with the payroll data needed. I was floored. This type of customer service is unheard of these days. We
just want to tip our hats to everyone at ADP for a great job."
As this client suggests, the value of a true HCM partner becomes even more critical at times like these.
And it continues to be our goal to exceed the expectations of our clients. And with that, I'll turn it over to
the operator for Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from the line of Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays.

Ramsey Clark El-Assal
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I hope you both are doing well. I wanted to ask about your visibility on the paycheck protection loan
program in terms of, can you see that it's having the desired impact on businesses in the country? Are you
seeing furloughed or terminated workers that are being brought back on book? And I guess just tying that
back to your own performance or potential future performance, are you seeing these leading indicators of
bankruptcy sort of staved off a little bit in your book?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

It's a great question. We're obviously keeping our eye on that. Unfortunately, what we have is really kind
of limited anecdotal evidence that people are beginning to get money to be able to continue their payroll
or continue to pay people. As an example, a few days ago, I was forwarded a letter that was sent to -- or
an e-mail that was sent to one of our associates from a client that was grateful for kind of the help that
we give them in applying for the loan. And they sent a kind of a screenshot of their bank account that had
$10 the previous day and then now had $84,000, like indicating that they had gotten their money from
the SBA deposited into their commercial bank account.

But I think as you've heard, same as us, in the press, the process has been, given the magnitude of the
-- and the scale of the challenge, it's been a difficult process both for the SBA, and I think for the banks.
We've tried to do our part to help, and we're optimistic and we're hopeful that it will make a difference
and that there will be rehiring and that it will at least, in some respects, stop the furloughing and the
elimination of jobs going forward. But unfortunately, it's just a little too early for us to give you any kind of
concrete evidence other than some anecdotal stories that money is making its way into the bank accounts
of small businesses.

Ramsey Clark El-Assal
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then just a follow-up. In terms of your overall product strategy in the context of
this crisis, are there any kind of adjustments you're having to make in terms of how you're thinking of new
challenges as employees work from home? I'm thinking like your time and attendance offering and also
just on some of your major initiatives like Lifion. How has time line to market been impacted? How are you
thinking about the product set sort of evolving from here out?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

I mean, clearly, we have to be nimble and, I think, remain open to making further adjustments. But I
think it's safe to say that if you go back over the course of decades, the concept of "outsourcing" and now
what some people would call the SaaS models, which I think ADP was kind of one of the pioneers of --
I think by definition, lend themselves to these kind of remote work environments, whether it's for the
technology people because we generally obviously host and maintain and update the -- all of the systems
for our clients. But also through the variety of portals we have for our clients and the employees of our
clients, all of the information that anyone needs is available online through all the tools we have to access
that information, whether it's for the payroll practitioners or for the employees of our clients, including
when you think about the app that we have for the employees of our clients to be able to check whether
they've gotten pay, they can check their hours, they can make changes to 401(k). There's really no need
to move paper or for anyone to be in the office to do that kind of work.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

So clearly, there will be things that we will learn, and we're probably here in the early innings of this kind
of new challenge and how it might affect our products. But I think in general, as an industry, it's not just
for ADP. I think in general, for us as an industry, we're pretty well positioned, I think, for this kind of work
environment.

Kathleen A. Winters
Corporate Vice President & CFO

And I think we're -- if I could just -- yes. If I could just add to that. I think you had asked about -- I
couldn't quite hear, but I think you had asked about Lifion and any updates to that and changes to our
view on go-to market. I would say over the longer term -- while certainly this year looks like things have
slowed down at least for a little bit, I would say over the long term, no change to how we're thinking about
that. I mean we've got a handful of live clients. We're continuing to sell clients on and implement clients
on Lifion, and we're encouraged about the long-term prospects there.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Yes. It's clear, like every time that we have, whether it's an economic downturn or -- now this is obviously
a new challenge. There's always questions about will this drive greater adoption. I think intellectually, it
makes sense that this would drive greater outsourcing and greater adoption of SaaS, but it's kind of hard
to make that statement kind of where we are today. But theoretically and intellectually, 2 to 3 years from
now, there should be more demand and more people using SaaS solutions than there are today.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Appreciate the extent of disclosure here. Just on the -- somewhat of a follow-up to Ramsey's question,
just on the sales performance side. You mentioned productivity challenges in addition to the demand
factors. So how quickly do you think you'll get your productivity back on track and align your sales to
where you see the [ put ] going next in terms of demand as it evolves?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

So we're trying to actually keep an eye on it week to week to get some sense of what levers they are still
there. We clearly still have -- our sales force is still selling, and they're selling a lot of business. But it's
at lower levels than, obviously, we had expected and at lower levels than you compare it to the previous
year. So unfortunately, given the nature of the situation, it's kind of difficult to give you a kind of scientific
or a concrete answer.

I think as we generate more information, I think, probably for our guidance for next fiscal year, we'll be
able to -- and I know that's not helpful to you today, but it's really a very difficult thing to talk about.
We have a lot of -- our sales force was already what we call an inside sales force. And so we've proven
that we can sell-through inside selling, but we have some products that are, what I would call, high
involvement decision sales. And it doesn't mean that those can't be done remotely, but it hasn't been the
norm. So when you sell a very large complicated multinational solution or, frankly, even when you sell
the PEO, historically, there's been a relationship that's built there and a trust that gets built before that
transaction gets consummated.

So clearly, this is -- these are new and different times. So I don't think everyone is going to sit and wait
around for everything to go back to normal before making decisions, but I think it's safe to assume -- I
think common sense would tell us that it's safe to assume that there will be some level of hesitation and
pullback in terms of decision-making, even though a good percentage of our sales force is still out selling
as they have before, although they're doing it virtually now.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Tien-Tsin Huang
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Yes. Sure. So we'll check in with you on that, again, next quarter. So then my quick follow-up. Both of you
have talked about cost initiatives. You guys did much better than we thought on the margin side, even
with the $50 million. But you've also both hinted at a pipeline of more cost takeout, potentially pre- the
pandemic.

So I'm curious, your willingness to pull incremental expense levers, maybe some chunkier stuff, is that
available to you? And are you willing to do that at this stage?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

So we did have a number of transformation initiatives underway. A lot of them were really around digital
transformation efforts to kind of automate and improve the way our implementation and our service is
delivered, which would create a better experience for our clients, the employees of our clients, frankly,
also for our associates that we thought would result in lower cost going forward. Part of the challenge
we have is as -- and again, every company may be different in terms of how they approach their level of
support for their clients, but based on our model and the way we see ourselves playing a role in -- and,
frankly, in society and with our clients, we've actually experienced quite an increase in volume and cost in
the short term. And so as an example, as the government rolled out the Payroll Protection Program, we
saw 40% to 50% spikes in inquiries right through, whether it's phone or chat or by e-mail. And so we had
to work people overtime. We had to work people on weekends, which we're very grateful that people were
willing to do it because, as you can imagine, they've got lots of other concerns and distractions as this is
all going on. And so we made a commitment that we're going to deliver to our clients through this and
help them work through it, whether it's for themselves or for their employees. And unfortunately, I would
say in the short term, we actually have an increase in cost. Now realistically, that's not going to continue
indefinitely. But every week that we've said we think our call volumes and our workloads are going to go
down, there's a new government program or a change in the government program, which, by the way,
we think, is great. I think that the efforts by the fed and by policymakers, I think, to help clients and their
employees, I think, is the right thing to do, and we're very supportive. But as an example, there was
just -- as you know, there was an approval of an additional amount for the Payroll Protection Program,
which generates additional volume for us. By the way, I think the banks are in the same -- probably in the
same situation in terms of having to handle kind of increased volumes. And so we expect these levels to
normalize and then to be in a position where we can reevaluate our cost structure. But again, given the
timing of this call and where we are today, we really can't tell you that there's been a meaningful decline
in our workloads. In fact, it's actually been an increase.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got it. I can appreciate the work behind the scenes.

Kathleen A. Winters
Corporate Vice President & CFO

So Tien-Tsin, if I could just -- let me just add a little bit more to that because I made some comments
on our transformation efforts and our transformation work, even with the significant increase in service
demand. So even with this kind of very abrupt disruption and need to move our entire -- practically our
entire workforce to work from home, we were able to do that almost seamlessly. I mean, that worked
really well through the huge, huge efforts of many of the different parts of the organization, from our
technology group to our HR to legal. I mean, it was a huge effort, but it worked really well. And so that
said, we've been able to continue our normal processes, if you will, around transformation work. There
were certainly some projects that we had to look at and assess and say, "Okay, because of the big service
demands, we may need to slow down these." But our process in terms of tracking progress, continuing
to execute, adjusting as necessary based on service demand and, importantly, continuing to look at
pipeline of projects, that continues. And I would just add one further comment that, in particular, in this

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

environment, the ability to look at procurement and find procurement opportunity is potentially even
greater today than it was, say, 3 or 4 months ago.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Yes. And I think if I can just -- one more just comment. I think that the part of the challenge here is that
we are -- the nature of our company and our business and our Board is to not focus on 1 month or 1
quarter. And I think when you look at what we were able to deliver just in this quarter in terms of margin
improvement, and we've been able to do in the last couple of years, I think, demonstrates very clearly
our ability to, I think, achieve and take advantage of operating leverage and also to manage our costs
very effectively. We've had a couple of years with a very modest, if any, cost -- true cost increases, while
revenues were growing at what, for us, is our very healthy rate. So I think we've demonstrated what we
can do. But unfortunately, we've been handed a very abrupt change here in the environment. And we're
going to handle it first to take care of our associates, next, to take care of our clients. And I think when we
get through this transitory period, which we all know is transitory. Now what we don't know is it transitory
for a month or 2 or is it transitory for 6 months. But either way, it's not multiple years. And we want to
make sure that we continue to invest in our business, take care of our people and take care of our clients
that when we come out of this, we come out of it as strong as we were before we went into it.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Kevin McVeigh with Crédit Suisse.

Kevin Damien McVeigh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Great. And obviously, a tough environment. Any thoughts on -- one of the questions we get a lot is how
much of the layoffs are going to be furlough versus structural? So just any sense within kind of the pays
per control, how much of that would be potentially furloughed workers versus structural? Maybe start
there.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

It's a great question. So we have -- as you know, we operate in multiple countries and also multiple
segments, small business, midsized, national accounts, but also in many countries and also with
multinational companies. And the policies that companies have around how they treat employees is going
to vary from company to company and generally also varies from segment to segment. But what we can
tell you is that the way we count pays per control is very straightforward. It's whether or not someone
got paid during that period of time that we're counting. And so we would not probably be able to give
you a firm number of how many people are furloughed versus how many people are laid off because we
don't control necessarily that coding in the system. And clients can exercise some discretion about how
they, I guess, tag some of their employees. But what we do know is that if somebody doesn't get paid,
they don't get counted in pays per control. And if they do get paid, even if it's at a reduced wage, that
does count. And so that creates a number of challenges, obviously, because you could have reduced wage
levels, which then doesn't negatively impact pays per control, but impacts the employees themselves, and
may, in some cases, impact our fees, generally, wouldn't other than in the PEO, but could impact our fees
as well.

So I would say that the best thing to do is to stick to trying to use the pays per control metric as a way
of building your models and using the guidance that we've provided around 25 basis points of revenue
growth impact from each 1% change in pays per control. I think that gives you a very -- we spend a lot of
time pressure testing that assumption. I think Dany did a lot of work on it. And I think it's a pretty solid
way for you to look at things. So when you hear guidance from us about pays per control and you use that
metric for your models, I think that's a much cleaner and easier way than to try to separate how many are
furloughs versus how many are layoffs, et cetera, et cetera.

Kevin Damien McVeigh

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

That's super helpful. And then I guess, just a quick follow-up would be kind of coming out of this,
obviously, in these type of events, you really turn it through in terms of the caliber of the organization.
Do you see any change competitively, particularly as obviously coming out of the last cycle much more
service-oriented as opposed to shift to the cloud in this one? But from a competitive perspective, any
changes where you look to even build on that attrition number longer term in terms of improvement?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

I think you do see some subtle differences in terms of company cultures and, I think, behavior. So as an
example, one of the things that we have always, I think, [ tried ] to talk about is this willingness by us
to really help our clients navigate these things, not just provide them the software solution. We actually
take some responsibility for the outcomes of what they're trying to accomplish. And so the support we're
providing around all these regulatory changes, I think, is an example of that. That doesn't mean that
other competitors aren't doing similar things. But as an example, some competitors would be more along
the lines of providing tools online and directing clients to third parties or directing them to resources
where they can get help, versus, in our case, we actually take the work on, and we help our clients get
to where they need to get in order to get their retention credit, tax credit, in order to get their payroll
protection loan, in order to calculate. In a few weeks or, at least, in a couple of months, people are going
to be needing help with calculating how to get forgiveness on those loans. I mean this is a complicated
environment.

By the way, employment, in general, is always complicated, but this is a very complicated environment.
And having great tools and technology is incredibly important, and we're totally committed to that. But
I think it's undeniable that you also need extra help in these situations to help with questions and to
help you navigate through all the various regulatory hurdles. As an example, some of the legislation that
was passed in the U.S., you have to really understand the interplay. Like as an example, you can't take
advantage of the deferral Social Security taxes and the payroll protection loans, but if you -- you can take
advantage of the Social Security deferrals up until -- so you can get a loan. But then once it's forgiven,
you can no longer defer your Social Security taxes. I mean, those are things that are typically not well
understood by our client base. And I think just directing them to a website or to a tool, we don't think is
really the -- is the best way to help them.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Bergin with Cowen.

Bryan C. Bergin
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Hope your families are all well. I wanted to try an outlook here. I'm just understanding the material
uncertainty. Can you help us frame some initial fiscal '21 guideposts? I'm trying to think how we should
be thinking about next year based on some of the implied 4Q run rates. Any sense of visibility you have
across the businesses or maybe thinking across client size would be helpful.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

First of all, thanks for asking about our families. I hope yours is well as -- also. Unfortunately, I mean, it's
a very fair question, and I can understand why you're looking for any additional color. As you can imagine,
we struggled with even providing kind of fourth quarter metrics because 2, 3, 4 weeks ago, we had -- or
people had a certain view of "how long" the issue was going to continue and when things are going to
open up again. And then it got more negative. Then now, it feels like it's gotten more positive. So I think
that it's very difficult for us to go really beyond the fourth quarter in this environment. We have to remain
optimistic that things are going to "improve". But I think that we all have to take advantage of the time we
have to wait and see how things play out, whether it's with the clients or with GDP or with the economy

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

or with these government programs, so that we can make more informed, I think, decisions about what
2021, I think, might look at.

So I apologize for not being able to give you any additional color, but I think it would be a mistake to
assume that the levels of activity that we've given you in the fourth quarter will continue into 2021.
But it's also a mistake to assume that things are going to go back to normal at the beginning of 2021.
And so we're going to keep an eye on the data and the information and do our best as we gather more
information to give you a good view of what's going to happen in '21 when we get there.

Kathleen A. Winters
Corporate Vice President & CFO

Yes. Maybe I could just add a few comments around the process and what we're doing and the data that
we're looking at. Since -- while, as Carlos said, we can't really give you the view right now or the exact
guidepost, at least, if you understand and know the process we're going, that might help a little bit. So
look, things are, as Carlos said, it's extremely fluid right now. We're spending a lot of time studying and
watching developments every single day and kind of looking at -- I think about it in 3 steps, if you will,
in terms of, first, understanding what's happening from a pandemic standpoint in the epidemiology, then
understanding how that impacts the economy broadly around the world and then understanding how that
impacts each of the BUs.

So as we do that, obviously, we're looking at numerous forecasts that I'm sure you all are looking at the
same forecast that are being put out. But we're really spending a lot of time in parsing through those
and kind of eliminating outliers and really utilizing the ones that we feel makes the most sense and then
applying that to, as I said, the implications for our business units. And when you do that, as we've said,
largely, PPC is going to be an extremely significant driver for us. And then, certainly, the shape of the
recovery from a new business booking standpoint will be critically important. So we're watching that as
well as we see different regions and states kind of formulating and attempting the return to work.

Bryan C. Bergin
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Okay. I appreciate that. I wanted to ask on retention. The comments on the assumptions in 4Q, is the
reduction wholly due to business closures? I'm curious if you're seeing any change in the competitive
client loss.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Well, I mean, I think based on the comments we gave you about the third quarter and the year-to-date, I
think we're doing pretty well competitively because our -- I think our retention was up. I mean, we don't
talk about quarterly retention, but why not? Like everything's -- everything is out the window in this kind
of environment. But I think we were over 50 basis points improvement in the third quarter. And through
the year-to-date, I think we were well ahead of both the guidance we had provided in our own internal
expectations. So it's pretty clear that we were doing something right competitively. Our NPS scores are at
record levels across most of our businesses.

So again, the problem is this is not the time to brag and talk about the third quarter, but we had -- we
really had incredible momentum coming into the third quarter on a number of fronts. But that's that. And
we're onto now figuring out how to deal with the future challenges. But I have no concerns about the
solidity of our business on every front coming into the third quarter.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Kartik Mehta with Northcoast Research.

Kartik Mehta
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Carlos, I was wondering, based on the data you're seeing, and I realize this is so early in, but what kind of
changes do you anticipate for the business, permanent changes or at least over the next 12 to 18 months
because of this current crisis?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Well, over the next 12 to 18 months is probably the right focus because, I mean, I think it would be naive
to think there aren't some things that are going to change permanently, but I'm not sure I have that kind
of crystal ball to be precise about that. But for the next 12 to 18 months, because of the focus we have on
our associates, it's unlikely that we will be going back to business as usual here in the next few months.
Now the good news is we've adapted to the current work environment. So -- but a kind of a concrete
change in terms of the next 12 to 18 months is we don't anticipate having 100% of our workforce back
working in these "win as one" locations and some of these other places where we have large populations
of associates. And so that's a change that we have to make sure that we stay on top of, that we support
our people and lead them remotely and virtually and help them kind of navigate through what's a very
different way of working. Now obviously, we plan on -- as society kind of normalizes, we plan on coming
along for the ride with that.

So we do -- we are formulating plans, as we speak, very preliminary plans around how do we slowly get
back into some of our offices with limited number of personnel. But that's a change that we're definitely
going to have to continue to live with for the next 12 to 18 months. Now what that means is that impacts
our sales force. And so the question is, if the demand equation improves significantly and our sales force
is still working remotely, how can we make sure that they have the right tools and the right processes
to continue to take advantage of the demand that's out there because we don't anticipate having large
numbers of salespeople back in our offices. Our salespeople, by definition, many of them are inside
sales, but many of them are out in face-to-face transactions, and that's not something that's going to
normalize in the next 12 to 18 months. Sadly, I'm sad to report that of the number of associates that we
had impacted by COVID-19, we were disproportionately impacted in our sales force. So as we go back to
normalization, we're going to be exceptionally careful about protecting our sales force as well.

Kartik Mehta
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

And then just finally, Carlos, what do you think the recovery will look like? We've heard so much. A V, a U,
an L. I'm just interested in your perspective of what you're anticipating from a recovery.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Well, I think the -- again, we're looking at -- we get information from all of the usual places. Like Morgan
Stanley is obviously our bank, So they're -- they've been very helpful in giving us their information. But
we have access to information from a number of other sources. I don't want to say any other names,
so I don't hurt anybody's feelings. But all the usual banks, we get the information from them. We have
information from Moody's. By the way, we also work with the fed, we work with treasury. We have a lot of
sources of information to give us some sense of kind of where things are headed. The challenge is that I
don't think anyone has really -- well, not -- I don't think -- I know that no one has ever been through this.
So there really aren't any great models, other than using inputs like PMIs or consumer confidence and
other metrics that tend to be many of the metrics that people use in these models or lagging indicators,
right? And you have regression that gives you some sense of where the economy is headed. But as I've
seen myself in the last 4 to 5 weeks, you have to take any forecast with a large grain of salt. So the best
approach we think you can have right now is to remain flexible and agile about how you're planning and
what you're planning for.

If I were -- if we had to make a bet today, we would say that it's not going to be a V-shaped recovery, and
it's probably not going to be U or an L, but it's going to be some other kind of shape where we obviously
already had the precipitous decline. We're already seeing some signs of some stabilization. So we have
metrics that we track like in our HR systems of our clients. For example, new job postings or number

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

of screenings that are done, like background checks, and some of those metrics have actually begun to
stabilize. So I think we -- we've had the abrupt drop. Another question is the recovery. It feels like that
recovery will be not a V, but not an L. And so the difference between a V and an L is the checkmark, like I
think some people are out there quoting. By the way, we have an economist on our Board, and he referred
to it as the Nike Swoosh, but that's probably a copyright or trademark violation, so I won't use the Nike
Swoosh. But you get the idea, abrupt drop and, hopefully, a climb back up over some period of time.
Hopefully, that climb is over the course of 3 to 6 months and not over the course of 12 to 18 months.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of David Grossman with Stifel.

David Michael Grossman
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Carlos, I think you've addressed this in a couple of previous questions, but based on how this may play
out coming out of the crisis, and you talked just a moment ago about some possible structural changes,
at least, in the intermediate term being work from home or virtual sales, how do you feel the way you're
positioned coming out of that versus where you were going into it? And how do you view your ability
really to leverage that to your advantage? Is it structural? Or is it based on execution? I'm sure it's a
combination of both. But if you could just give us a little more insight into how you're feeling about what
you can do with this crisis to really enhance your position, both competitively and operationally.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

Well, look, I think that some of this is philosophical. I think that I, like everyone else, when we were
entering this phase, I was scared, like everyone else is, not just personally for myself and my family,
but also for the company and all of our associates and our clients that depend on us. And when you see
the reaction and the ability of the organization to kind of get through it, and not just get through it, but
actually deliver a higher level of service and help with very complicated questions in a very complicated
situation, which was changing, in some cases, on a daily basis with the regulatory landscape, I think
it tells you something about the strength of the culture and of the company. And so that gives me --
again, this is all intellectual philosophical, but I think gives me great hope about how we emerge from this
competitively. We already had incredibly strong momentum going into the third quarter. As you saw from
retention, we think we have a strong product lineup that was beginning to get traction. One of the things
we didn't talk about when someone asked the question about our competitive situation, like we had really
good growth in client counts, particularly in Workforce Now, and specifically in our mid-market business.
So the combination of positive momentum in coming into this and then the reaction and the strength
of the organization through this gives me great optimism and hope that we're going to come out of this
stronger than any of our competitors.

Kathleen A. Winters
Corporate Vice President & CFO

Yes. Let me just add to that. Yes, I would just add to that, in addition to the great service that we've been
able to provide to our clients throughout this, which, theoretically, ideally, should sustain or drive even
better retention going forward, I would say the strength of our balance sheet and the ability to continue
to invest aligned with what we laid out at our Innovation Day, so investing in our strategic products, in
Workforce Now, in RUN, in our Next Gen product, our ability to continue to do that throughout this should
position us well.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Steven Wald with Morgan Stanley.

Steven Matthew Wald
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

I hope you guys are safe and well, and thanks for the shoutout from Morgan Stanley [ a little earlier ] on
that subject. Maybe just starting off on some of the puts and takes of the segments. You've pointed to
worksite employee growth still in PEO versus lower pays per control and Employer Services. Just maybe
run us through again because this has come up a lot in recent conversations around why the PEO should
still be thought of as, employment wise, a little bit more defensive and how you guys see that tracking this
downturn versus prior ones.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

I think the #1 reason is really just structural in the sense that when you look at overall ADP, we have
clients all the way from a single employee, all the way to very large national accounts. And so as we've
said -- we said this obviously over multiple decades. Our downmarket business tends to be the most
sensitive to out of business, but also to decreases in pays per control. And so as we track this pays per
control data, I think we've probably given you some of the color that the pays per control numbers are
down more in the downmarket than they are in the mid and the upmarket. The PEO -- at least in our case,
the PEO tends to -- the averaged-size client just, from a practical standpoint, is 45. And we tend -- we try
to stay away from clients that are under 10 employees. We have some clients, obviously, that are between
5 and 10 employees. But in general, the sweet spot of the PEO is kind of around 45, if that's the average.
And so it's just the nature of the structural difference of that business versus the others that the pays per
control is not going to decline as much as the overall average, if you will, where you have some of that
average being in a small business market.

And then the second more anecdotal comment would be the PEO clients, our PEO clients, not every PEO's
clients, our PEO clients tend to provide health benefits, a retirement plan. They tend to be kind of higher
average wage than the average U.S. worker, and that makes sense because you're paying for the help
that you get with maximizing and managing that sales force. So it tends to be attractive to a higher-
average wage employer that is very concerned with attracting the right people and retaining the right
people. So that also tends to lead you in the direction of clients that are a little bit larger, maybe a little bit
more financially capable of paying those fees, et cetera. So that -- but that -- not sure that we can have
a scientific way of proving that one. But for sure, the average-sized client of a PEO -- of our PEO is larger
than in our SBS business. And hence, the pays per control drop would logically be smaller.

Steven Matthew Wald
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Got it. That's very helpful color. In terms of just a quick follow-up on capital management dividend. I know
both of you have mentioned the strength of the balance sheet, continued ongoing investment and cost
cutting. But in terms of how we should think about things like the dividend and the safety there or your
willingness to raise that given the current environment or buybacks and other forms, like the acquisition to
lower valuations, how are you guys thinking about that from a financial, but also a strategic and sort of, I
guess, sensitivity to the times type of perspective?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

So I'm glad you asked that question because I happen to talk to our Chairman yesterday before this call
because I figured somebody might ask that question. It's a tricky question because, as you know, it's up
to the Board to decide on our dividend. But I can tell you this that we had a Board meeting on April 8,
and the Board approved an increase and a payment of our dividend. And they wouldn't have done that
if they had concerns in the short or medium term about our capital position or about our dividend. So
again, without speaking for the Board, I think we have a very long 45-year track record of paying and
increasing our dividend. We have a strong balance sheet. We are a capital-light business with strong cash
generation. Our payout ratio is 55% to 60%, which, I think, gives us some room to be able to continue
even with increases without running into any major capital constraints or restrictions on our investing. And
so I would feel optimistic that our Board would be supportive of continuing the long track record the ADP
has of 45 years as it stands. And I'll let Kathleen maybe make a comment or 2 about that as well.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Kathleen A. Winters
Corporate Vice President & CFO

Yes. Thanks. Yes, you covered it really well, Carlos. I would just say, in support of enabling the Board to
make dividend decisions, we, on a normal basis, do ongoing analysis and stress testing and have been
continuing to do that through this environment. So we've been doing -- looking really closely at that stress
testing. So I really don't have anything to add there on what Carlos -- the points Carlos commented.

Operator

We have time for one more question, and that's from the line of Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson.

Lisa Ann Dejong Ellis
MoffettNathanson LLC

Glad to hear you're well. You -- just a little bit of a follow-up on the PEO question. I mean, as you just
highlighted, the worksite employees in PEO are a bit more resilient because of the larger size of company,
but the revenue guidance there is down more significantly in Q4. Maybe like a tactical question just around
what drives that in the short term, but maybe a broader question, Carlos, for you, coming from originally,
the PEO business. How should we think about how the PEO will act through a recession period? Do you
expect increased demand for the PEO or some clients dropping out of the PEO? How do you think about
that dynamic?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

It's a great question. I'll let Dany pull up the calculator to -- because I'm sure you're right about the drop
being greater. There's no intention -- there's no signaling or anything intended there, maybe rounding
or the math or something, but there's no magic formula there that we're trying to send some kind of
message. I mean we think the PEO business is solid and strong and, I think, tends to weather recessions
better. Again, every time you have a recession, it's a different kind of recession. So we had a financial
crisis last time. This time, it's a health crisis. So I'm always cautious to -- of making kind of bold definitive
statements. But historically, we've always worried about the PEO going into a recession or into a crisis
being challenged because it does tend to be a -- kind of a more expensive, if you will, solution, if you will.
But it also provides an enormously higher amount of value, right? And during these types of situations,
like, for example, our PEO handles the questions not just of our clients, but of the employees of our
clients. That's not what we generally do for our typical payroll requirements. That helps our clients a lot
and releases them of a big burden, and provides those employees a lot of comforts. So there's a lot of real
positives and good reason why people want to stay on a PEO or why they want to be on a PEO, even in a
recessionary environment. So I would say that in the prior recessions, the PEO was not immune, just like
it's not this time, from pays per control decreases and from some short-term disruption to new bookings.
But we've been impressed. I've been through now, I guess, this is my third recession at ADP. And at least
prior to -- the PEO performed on a relative basis, as well, if not better, than the rest of our business. And
we would expect no different on a go-forward basis.

Danyal Hussain
Vice President of Investor Relations

And Lisa, this is Dany. Just to add, because it's fairly in the weeds, which I love, of course. But in addition
to the impact from worksite employees in the PEO, we charge as a percent of payroll. And so wages
themselves, to the extent we have some workers working fewer hours within the PEO base, that can
have an impact. And then even further in the weeds is you can have a slight mix impact with respect to
workers' comp to the extent that certain industries, you have greater impact from pays per control, and
those had higher workers' comp rate. So these are very subtle impacts. But together, they kind of inform
that guidance.

Lisa Ann Dejong Ellis
MoffettNathanson LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Wonderful. And then maybe my last one. And Carlos, if you want to end on -- just as you're watching
and maybe help us a little bit, what are the top, like, literally, 1 or 2 things that you are watching that
you think are really going to impact as you're looking at your client base, the shape of the swoosh or the
checkmark or -- over these next couple of months?

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

I think the first one that we're keeping our eye on is really these kind of leading indicators, if you will.
So this would be job postings and background checks. And so that, I think, is -- those are, I think -- the
job postings is obvious in the sense that people aren't really going to post new positions if they think that
things are not going to, at some point, improve. So to me, that's a sign that people are doing the same
thing we're doing, which is we're conservative and we're cautious, but we have to be prepared for every
eventuality, including the optimistic one. And so this increase in postings and job postings, to me, means
that people are starting to think of, "Well, if in 2, 3, 4 weeks, this state or this industry has some kind of
opening, I need to make sure that I have the people available to handle that work," because these are
business owners that obviously have to run their businesses.

And then secondly, when they actually do that, then they actually have to put that person through the new
hiring process, which is the screening and selection. So we're going to keep an eye on those 2 figures.

Then closely behind that, I think, is we have a very large workforce management business or what some
people would call time and attendance. And so that is also data that is very helpful in terms of seeing
number of hours worked. It doesn't always help you a lot with an exempt workforce. But for people who
are paid hourly, it's a very good indicator that kind of cuts through the noise of furloughs and layoffs
and so forth and so on, and just kind of gives you some sense of "hours worked" and whether that is
increasing or not increasing. So that should show an upturn before we show -- we see upturns in other
things because people will take the existing people they have now and just have them work longer hours
rather than adding additional people. So the addition of people will probably be the final, I think, sign of
recovery. But we have a number of other indicators that we can look at that gives us an earlier view of
where we're headed.

Operator

This concludes our question-and-answer portion for today. I am pleased to hand the program over to
Carlos Rodriguez for closing remarks.

Carlos A. Rodriguez
CEO, President & Director

So it's hard to kind of find the words to close the call and describe the situation that we're in, but I'm
trying to end on an optimistic note here. I've been now with ADP 20 years, and I've been through, I
just mentioned, 2 recessions. This is my third. Been through Y2K, which most of the people on the call
don't even remember. Dany certainly doesn't remember Y2K. He was too young. Through 9/11, we've
been through wars, we've been through multiple changes in technology. Nobody was even talking about
SaaS when I joined ADP. And every time we had a challenge, it looked like that was the challenge that
we couldn't overcome. But every time, ADP overcame that challenge. And it's no different, I think, for
the rest of, in this case, humanity because this is affecting not just the U.S., but it's affecting the entire
world. People in ADP find a way to evolve and to adapt. So I have to be optimistic. We have a propensity
to overcome. If not, we wouldn't be here talking to you today, whether it's us as human beings or us
as a company. By the way, as I've said multiple times in other calls, we're 70 years old, and I think, as
a company, and I think that tells you something, that we're a part of a very long history of overcoming
challenges, and this one is going to be no different.

And I'll leave you with something that I shared with our associates at the beginning of the crisis, which is
something that our founder, Henry Taub, I think, established as a culture for the company that, I think,
is appropriate. And he always told us, and he told me because I knew him personally, he told me, always
take care of your associates and they will take care of your clients, and everything else will take care of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

itself. So I really appreciate the support of all of you for ADP. Thank you for calling in and asking your
questions. And my best wishes to all of you for health and safety for you and your families. Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

