Autodesk, Inc. NasdaqGS:ADSK
FQ2 2022 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, August 25, 2021 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2022-

-FQ3 2022-

-FY 2022-

-FY 2023-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.12

1.21

Revenue  (mm)

1054.35

1059.70

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-24-2021 6:01 AM GMT

8.04

0.51

1.26

4.91

6.96

1109.00

4356.58

5187.98

FQ3 2021

FQ4 2021

FQ1 2022

FQ2 2022

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.96

1.07

0.94

1.12

1.04

1.18

1.03

1.21

8.33 %

10.28 %

9.57 %

8.04 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
AUTODESK, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Deborah L. Clifford
Executive VP & CFO

Simon Mays-Smith
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Adam Charles Borg
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Elizabeth Mary Elliott
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Gal Munda
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG,
Research Division

Jason Vincent Celino
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Jay Vleeschhouwer
Griffin Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Joseph D. Vruwink
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Matthew George Hedberg
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Saket Kalia
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AUTODESK, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Thank you for standing by, and welcome to Autodesk Q2 Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Conference
Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator
Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your host, VP of Investor Relations, Simon Mays-Smith.

Simon Mays-Smith
Vice President of Investor Relations

[ Thank you ], operator, and good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the
results of our second quarter of fiscal year 2022. On the line with me are Andrew Anagnost, our CEO; and
Debbie Clifford, our Chief Financial Officer. Today's conference call is being broadcast live via webcast.
In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. You can find the earnings
press release, slide presentation and transcript of today's opening commentary on our Investor Relations
website following this call.

During the course of this call, we may make forward-looking statements about our outlook, future results
and related assumptions, acquisitions, products and product capabilities and strategies. These statements
reflect our best judgment based on our currently known factors. Actual events or results could differ
materially. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Form 10-K, for important risk factors
and other factors, including developments in the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting impact on our
business and operations that may cause our actual results to differ from those in our forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call
is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current
or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements.

During the call, we will quote a number of numerical growth changes as we discuss our financial
performance, and unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. All
non-GAAP numbers referenced in today's call are reconciled in our press release or Excel financials and
other supplemental materials available on our Investor Relations website.

And now I will turn the call over to Andrew.

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Simon, and welcome, everyone, to the call. I hope you and your families remain safe and
healthy.

As we anticipated when we set out our guidance at the beginning of the year, unwinding uncertainty
resulted in increased business confidence, investment and economic growth during our second quarter.
This is reflected in strong product usage, which returned to pre-COVID levels across the globe, increasing
bid activity on BuildingConnected, which reached all-time highs, and greater channel partner confidence.
When combined with strong execution, a resilient subscription business model and the continued secular
shift to the cloud, our growth accelerated again in Q2 and generated further momentum.

RPO and billings grew 24% and 29%, respectively, driven by strong new product subscription growth,
renewal rates and revenue retention. I am proud of what the team has accomplished so far this year.
And again, I thank all of our employees, their families, our partners and customers for their continued
dedication, patience and commitment.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AUTODESK, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2021

I will now turn the call over to Debbie to take you through the details of our quarterly financial
performance and guidance for the year. I'll then come back to provide an update on our strategic growth
initiatives.

Deborah L. Clifford
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Andrew. As Andrew mentioned, second quarter results were strong. Several factors contributed
to that strength, including robust growth in new product subscriptions, accelerating digital sales and
improving subscription renewal rates.

In addition, Innovyze and foreign exchange rate provided a modest tailwind to the quarter. Total revenue
growth in the quarter accelerated to 16% and 14% in constant currency, with subscription revenue
growing by 21%.

Looking at revenue by product, AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT revenue grew 12%. AEC revenue grew 21%,
and manufacturing revenue grew 12%. Excluding the impact of moving our bulk product to ratable
revenue recognition, manufacturing revenue grew in the mid-teens percent. M&E revenue grew 10%.
Across the globe, revenue grew 14% in the Americas; 16% in EMEA; and 21% in APAC. Direct revenue
increased 31% and represented 34% of our total revenue, up from 30% last year due to strength from
both enterprise and e-commerce.

As you'll hear more about at our Investor Day next week, about 3/4 of new customers to Autodesk are
now generated through our digital channels, reflecting our efforts to enable a simplified buying experience.

Our product subscription renewal rates remain strong, and our net revenue retention rate remains within
the 100% to 110% range. Billings accelerated 29% to $1 billion, reflecting strong underlying demand and
an easier comparison versus last year. Total deferred revenue grew 15% to $3.3 billion. Total RPO of $4.14
billion and current RPO of $2.85 billion both grew 24%. current RPO growth was driven by strong new
product sales during the quarter and the ongoing benefit from the record number of EBAs signed in the
second half of last year. Excluding the contribution from Innovyze, current RPO grew approximately 23%.

Non-GAAP gross margin remained broadly level at 92%, while operating margin increased more than 2
percentage points to 31%, reflecting strong revenue growth and ongoing cost discipline. We delivered
healthy free cash flow of $186 million during the quarter, primarily driven by strong billings growth.

Consistent with our capital allocation strategy, we continued to repurchase shares with excess cash to
offset dilution from our equity plans. During the second quarter, we purchased 164,000 shares for $46
million at an average price of approximately $283 per share. Year-to-date, we have repurchased 679,000
shares at an average price of approximately $278 per share for a total spend of $189 million.

Now I'll turn to guidance. Consistent with previous quarters, we expect that an improving economic
environment during the year will result in strong growth in new business over the course of fiscal '22. We
expect product subscription, volume and renewal rates to continue to be healthy, and our net revenue
retention rate to remain between 100% and 110%.

With our strong start to the year, we are raising the low end of our full year revenue guidance to a range
of $4.345 billion to $4.385 billion, with a midpoint growth rate of 15% year-over-year. We are also raising
our non-GAAP operating margin outlook to approximately 31%, an almost 2-point improvement from last
year.

Our strong start to the year means we're also shifting more of our EBA customers from multiyear paid
upfront to annual billings, which is good for them and good for Autodesk. Our EBA customers retain price
certainty with a multiyear contract term, but annual billings give them a more predictable annual cash
outlay. For Autodesk, we generate more predictable cash flow and remove the discounts to generate
upfront cash collections. While we had already assumed this change in fiscal '23, it has a modest impact
on fiscal '22 billings and free cash flow. However, we expect it to drive more predictable free cash flow
growth and better price realization over time, which will make Autodesk a more valuable company.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AUTODESK, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2021

The shift of more of our EBA customers from multiyear paid upfront to annual billings and FX account for
the change in our fiscal '22 billings guidance and with a onetime M&A-related tax charge, our free cash
flow guidance.

As we look ahead, we're anticipating revenue growth to accelerate in Q3. Strong upfront revenues in Q4
last year, and with Vault now ratable, a smaller pool of nonratable products, create a tougher comparison
in Q4 this year, which will reduce revenue growth a bit when compared to the third quarter. Also, our
EBA strength in the second half of last year, including 2 of our largest ever deals in Q3, will impact RPO
growth comparisons in the second half of our fiscal '22. The slide deck on our website has more details on
modeling assumptions for the third fiscal quarter and full year fiscal '22.

As I shared last quarter, my initial focus after rejoining Autodesk was digging into our fiscal '22 budget
and fiscal '23 financial goals. The strength we've seen in fiscal '22, combined with a significant cohort of
multiyear product subscription contracts that we expect will renew in fiscal '23, set us up nicely to achieve
our fiscal '23 revenue growth potential and free cash flow goal.

This past quarter, I turned my attention to our long-range financial plan, with a particular focus on fiscal
'24 and beyond. You'll hear more at our Investor Day next week. But to set the stage today, our long-
term strategic growth drivers and our flexible subscription business model give us confidence we can
achieve our goal of sustainable double-digit revenue and free cash flow growth beyond fiscal '24. Now
once we've achieved our fiscal '23 goals, we'll give you more details on our financial ambitions for fiscal
'24 and beyond. But on the whole, we believe we have many exciting opportunities to drive growth by
further expanding our addressable market into areas like construction and infrastructure as well as by
deepening monetization of our user base. And we look forward to sharing more specifics with you at our
Investor Day next week.

Andrew, back to you.

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Debbie. Now let me turn to our strategic growth initiatives. Sustained and purposeful
innovation to enable digital transformation in the industries we serve is changing our relationships with
our customers from software vendor to strategic partner. And that is enabling us to create more value
through end-to-end cloud-based solutions that connect data and workflows and business model evolution.
By helping our customers grow, we will grow too.

In AEC, digitization trends are accelerating the need to connect all phases of design and construction with
end-to-end cloud-based solutions. A great example this quarter was with an Asia Pacific semiconductor
manufacturer, which is rapidly expanding its manufacturing capacity around the world and looking for help
to drive more efficient collaboration across project stakeholders as well as shorter design and delivery
cycles. It invested in AEC collections to accomplish this goal and is now leveraging the power of BIM
and our digital AEC workflows to achieve its expansion plan. This is a prime example of how Autodesk is
positioned to help our customers as industries converge, with this customer being a long-time user of our
manufacturing products and now expanding its footprint with us in AEC.

In construction, we believe the Autodesk Construction Cloud is the best end-to-end offering across all
phases of the construction life cycle. Starting with our industry-leading preconstruction offerings, we
help our customers seamlessly convert data into a construction plan, allowing our customers to condition
and coordinate models early to aiding clash detection, easily quantify the materials required for future
construction and leverage our BuildingConnected community to power the bidding process.

As we turn to the field, Autodesk Build provides a single integrated solution for project management,
field collaboration, quality, safety and cost control, which is easy to deploy, adopt and use. We just
launched it in February, but we're already -- we've already seen Autodesk Build in use on more than
11,000 customer projects around the world. By connecting project information and teams in one common
data environment, it enables efficient collaboration while providing predictive analytics and insights that
increase quality and safety while decreasing risk.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AUTODESK, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2021

As I mentioned earlier, we've transitioned to being a strategic partner to our customers. And in
construction, that means evolving our business model. We provide customers more choice in how they
buy. We offer both user and account-based pricing, which gives our customers the flexibility to decide how
they want to engage with us on their digital journey. With our account-based pricing model, we're seeing
significant benefits from driving as many users as possible to our construction platform.

Once Autodesk Build has been deployed in a project, we've made it frictionless for anyone involved on the
project to get access to our platform within minutes. This pattern is not unlike the evolution of Fusion 360
over the last few years. The more users we see on our platform, the more we learn, the better we make
our products and the more value we add to our customers.

This quarter, Messer Construction, a top ENR 400 general contractor in the United States, selected
Autodesk Build for project management over competitive offerings, Pype for submittal management and
BIM Collaborate for native class detection. As Andy Burg from Messer Construction said, "Autodesk Build's
comprehensive unified platform is industry-leading and, by seamlessly connecting design with construction
to increase our efficiency, establishes a strong partnership foundation and further enables us to build
better lives for our customers, communities and each other."

Autodesk Build's momentum is growing internationally, too. Stamhuis is a leading retail shop construction
and renovation company in the Netherlands, which had already used AEC collections in generative design
to optimize client retail space, reduced design and construction errors by 15% and improved its ROI
by 10%. This quarter, it invested in Autodesk Build to further increase efficiency, reduce waste and add
value for its clients by converging workflows from conceptual design to engineering and fabrication while
seamlessly collaborating with its clients. Our relationship with Stamhuis demonstrates the value that
digital construction processes can bring to customers around the world. With our significant international
experience and resources, we're well positioned to capitalize on this large growth opportunity.

And we continue to invest to connect and converge adjacent industries to create value and help our
customers achieve greater efficiency. During the quarter, Innovyze's Info360 cloud platform launched
a beta version of Info360 Asset, a cloud-based tool for the water industry's condition and performance
monitoring and risk management processes. We also launched Autodesk Tandem, our digital twin offering
focused on harnessing the data from the design and construction process to create a repeatable and
dynamic process, with digital handover being the natural output of the project life cycle.

Turning to manufacturing. We continue to see strong momentum with our manufacturing portfolio this
quarter, and we also saw the inclusion of Upchain in its first enterprise business agreement, or EBA,
with one of our larger enterprise accounts. The convergence of design and make is accelerating, and we
are seeing larger companies expand on our platform. For example, after using Fusion 360 and Moldflow
to develop accurate digital manufacturing trends for injection-molded parts, which is typically a very
iterative, time-consuming and expensive process, one of the largest American multinational medical
device and pharmaceutical companies renewed and expanded its EBA with us this quarter. They were
able to significantly reduce the time and rework costs because they could anticipate, predict and correct
manufacturing issues before moving in production.

We continue to see subscription growth for Fusion 360 with paying subscriptions now at 165,000, and
the Fusion 360 extensions are helping to increase our average revenue per subscriber and capture
more potential opportunity. During the quarter, a U.S.-based global leader in design, engineering and
manufacturing of woven wire mesh products transitioned to Fusion 360 as their main design tool and
invested in our managed extension. The combination of Fusion 360 and managed extensions has largely
automated their design and change workflows and has brought a new level of organization and efficiency
on product design all the way through delivery.

Our presence in education continues to expand to address the critical shortage in skilled labor. For
example, a growing number of large German companies are replacing competitive solutions and are
training their apprentices on Fusion 360 to prepare them for the future of work. In the second quarter,
Energie Baden-Wuerttemberg AG, EnBW, one of the biggest utility companies in Germany with 25,000
employees, adopted Fusion 360 to train its 600 apprentices. EnBW and its apprentices will benefit from the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AUTODESK, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2021

Fusion 360 cloud collaboration platform serving all their CAD, CAM and CAE needs while they are either
on-site or remote.

Education remains an important market for us, and we continue to broaden our reach with more than 43
million Tinkercad and Fusion 360 education users. We continue to make progress transitioning all of our
users to named users, giving customers more visibility into their usage data and allowing us to better
serve our paying customers while also making it harder for noncompliant users to access our software.

The [ Level ] group is a full cycle developer, which specializes in business class complexes. During
the quarter, it increased its investment with Autodesk by consolidating all of its single and multiuser
subscriptions and permanent licenses to AEC Collections with our premium plan and Autodesk Docs to
enable more efficient collaboration and license management. And with the help of 24/7 technical support
and single sign-on capability, [ Level ] group expects reduced design costs in the future.

As our existing paying customers navigate the complexity of digital transition, we can help them manage
that complexity, improve efficiency and sustainability and remain license-compliant. For example, one
of the leading construction, civil, industrial and infrastructure service contractors in Vietnam invested in
AEC collections and Autodesk Build to balance project safety, efficiency and quality while also reducing
environmental impact and waste. Our license compliance team helped them identify licensing gaps and
ensure installation of compliance software. We estimate that there are about 2 million noncompliant users
within our paying customer base.

During the quarter, we closed 11 deals over $500,000 with our license compliance initiatives, 6 of which
were over $1 million. At the end of September, we will launch a new pay-as-you-go consumption model
called Flex. It matches the customer's cost with their usage. Flex is an important new way to purchase
from us as we evolve our business models to offer more choice and flexibility. It serves the long tail of
customers who want an option for occasional users that do not use subscriptions every day. It also lowers
the barrier to entry for existing and new users to explore new products with minimal risk and upfront
costs.

Now back to where I started. Sustained and purposeful innovation to digitally transform the industries we
serve is also transforming our relationship with our customers from software vendor to strategic partner
and enabling us to create more value for them through end-to-end cloud-based solutions, business model
evolution and connected data and workflows. By helping our customers grow, we will grow, too. The
pandemic has accelerated these trends, and climate change is increasing the urgency. We will continue
to invest to rise to the challenges ahead and seize the opportunities they present. In the meantime, we
remain on track to achieve our fiscal '23 goals.

Please join us at our virtual Investor Day next week where we will have more time to share our strategic
initiatives with you.
Operator, we would now like to open the call up for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AUTODESK, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Saket Kalia of Barclays.

Saket Kalia
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. Great. Maybe just to start with you, Debbie. I'd love to dig a little deeper into the changes to billings
and free cash flow this year. And maybe specifically, I was wondering if you could just help frame the size
and impact of that change to EBA billings. And maybe as part of that, just talk about what sort of gives
you the confidence in what's maybe just a little bit of a steeper ramp in cash flow growth now implied for
next year. Does that make sense?

Deborah L. Clifford
Executive VP & CFO

It does. Thanks, Saket. Thanks for the question. So we're seeing overall strength in the business, and we
continue to demonstrate discipline with our spend. So that's what's driving us to raise our guidance for
revenue and margin for the year.

For billings and free cash flow, I covered the specifics in the opening commentary. The key point to
take away is this, we're focused on making changes that are good for our customers and good for us.
And shifting more EBAs to annual billings helps us achieve that goal. Now it makes sense for customers
because they retain price certainty by signing a multiyear contract. But by moving to annual billings, they
get a more predictable annual cash outlay.

Of course, the change is good for us, too. We generate more predictable annual cash flows, and we
remove the discounts we see today to generate cash collections upfront. Most EBAs are already on annual
billing terms. And also, we had already assumed that EBAs would all be on annual billing terms starting
next year in our fiscal '23. We're making the change now because with the strong start to fiscal '22, we
decided to get moving earlier to execute on the shift. But the overarching driver is that we're focused on
optimizing our business, and the change, as we said, is good for both our customers and for us.

As a side note, the impact to our billings guidance is also pretty small. It's around 1 percentage point of
impact to the total billings outlook.

Now if I shift attention to the ramp to fiscal '24, we do see accelerating momentum and multiple drivers of
growth. Regarding multiyears, I want to break it down a bit. We have 2 main pools of multiyears, one for
our EBAs and one for our base product subscription business. What I've talked about today so far is EBAs
and the ongoing shift to annual billings for that cohort. As we look ahead to next year, as I mentioned in
the opening commentary, we have a material cohort of multiyear contracts that are coming up for renewal
in our base product subscription business. Renewing those contracts is one factor that drives us to $2.4
billion in cash flow next year. And year-to-date this year, the proportion of multiyear renewals that we're
seeing in that cohort is in line with our expectations. So that, plus the strength in our top line year-to-
date, gives us confidence in the path to the $2.4 billion free cash flow target next year.

Saket Kalia
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. Got it. That's very helpful. Andrew, maybe for you, just zooming out a little bit more broadly. You
talked a little bit about -- in your prepared remarks and the press release, I think you talked about sort
of growing as your customers grow as well. And I think you touched on some examples in your prepared
remarks also, but I was just wondering if you can expand on that a little bit and maybe just connect it
back to the flexibility of the business model, if you will.

Andrew Anagnost

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AUTODESK, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2021

President, CEO & Director

Yes. Saket, specifically, what I did say was I said as we help our customers grow, we will grow. And the
reason I want to highlight that particular point here is a lot of the things that are going on with regards
to us growing with our customers is they're increasing investment in digitization. This is here to stay.
It's continuing to accelerate. It's going to move forward next year and continue to accelerate. So the
digitization engagement with our customers is why we grow as we help them grow because digitization
is going to help them grow. It's going to help them be more responsive. It's going to help them win more
business. It's going to help them do a whole bunch of things that they were struggling to do previously,
which is great for them and great for us.

Now the other thing I'd add there is we're also responding to the way they want to buy. I mean I think
you've noticed that we introduced Flex. We haven't rolled it out yet. The customers can't yet buy it, but
we introduced the concept of Flex. And Flex is something that a lot of our customers have been waiting
for as we've been moving away from our old multiuser paradigm to single user. They've been waiting to
see something that allows them to manage occasional use and maybe dive deeper into some of our more
advanced digital technologies and integrate some of those things in the workflow. So we're going to offer
them the flexibility they've been looking for, and we're going to mainstream it across a lot of our customer
base in the mid-market.

But the other piece I want to highlight about Flex, in particular, is that it's also a tool for reaching the
long tail of our customers. Flex is going to allow us to not only help with smaller businesses that use
some of our tools only a couple of times a month, but it's also going to help us with smaller customers or
departments within larger customers that want to use a particular advanced tool on an occasional basis.
It used to be back in the '90s when it looks like the long tail first came out that you'd attack the long tail
with a set of discrete products. Tons -- you have tons of little products. The 2020 ways of approaching
that is having a business model that allows people to get access to a set of capabilities in an ever-growing
platform of products like what we're doing with Fusion. So look for those things, long term, can be
important tools that we see forward. Things like Flex are not going to be short-term revenue drivers, but
there'll be long-term ones there.

Digitization is the key underlying thing here. Our business models and the way we're approaching some of
our advanced platforms are the enablers that allow our customers to digitize faster.

Operator

Our next question comes from Adam Borg of Stifel.

Adam Charles Borg
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Maybe for you, Andrew. So I'm sure we'll talk more on the broader strategy next week, but you've been
very clear around this idea of convergence for some time. And earlier in the quarter, there was the idea
of converging mechanical pad and electrical pad. And how should we think about that going forward? And
are we looking to do that more on the organic front with EAGLE or potentially strategic partnerships or
acquisitions? How should we think about that?

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So excellent question. This convergence piece between mechanical design and electrical design
is something we've absolutely had our eye on for quite some time. As you know, we bought EAGLE
several years back, and we have now tightly integrated it into the Fusion platform. And we're doing some
very, very interesting things around automation and integration between electronic PCB design and the
associated mechanical designs that either contain it or actually interact with it in a smart product. So
we're already attacking that convergence organically with our products.

You saw us look externally as well because we saw an opportunity to accelerate the industry change. We
believe these processes are going to converge. We believe the leading-edge customers are going to be

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AUTODESK, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2021

driving and using converged processes. And we saw a vision match out there, and we engaged in the
discussion around accelerating this change in the market. We're still going after that market with Fusion,
with EAGLE and the integration we have, and we're already moving up into the mid-market with some of
these tools. So this is not going away. This is a continuing and ongoing place for us to focus and look for
us to continually increase what we're doing with EAGLE to make those convergences between mechanical
and electrical design more fluid, more integrated and, frankly, more automated.

Adam Charles Borg
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

That's really helpful. And maybe just a quick follow-up. So just staying on the Fusion 360 and the
manufacturing front. You've talked about in the past a lot of success with Fusion 360, even in the CAM
space replacing vendors like Mastercam. And just curious if today's announcements of that getting
acquired can help accelerate the opportunity or change the dynamics competitively in some way.

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think one of the things you also saw is that got acquired. There was a lot of visibility into the
Mastercam business. And I think you can kind of see that the business was not growing as, say, robustly
as, say, Fusion is growing, both from a user and billing standpoint. So we're pretty confident that in the
manufacturing side and the CAM side, we're doing a great job with Fusion, but we're also reaching deeper
and deeper into people's entire process. A lot of the customers we're talking about publicly now are people
that have rolled out Fusion across the entire process.

And one of the things that's also exciting, you're seeing these large subscription counts, 11,000 again --
breaking 11,000 again this quarter. But one of the other exciting aspects here is that our billings growth
is actually growing faster than our subs growth, which is a result of the new extension strategy, which is
continually adding more and more advanced capability that people can buy on a pay-per-use basis or on a
subscription basis to one of these extensions. So we're continuing to see really good traction with Fusion.
We're continuing to roll out new extensions. You'll see more extensions coming out this year into next
year.

And you'll also see us start to do some interesting new things from a platform perspective with Fusion
as well. So we're pretty bullish on Fusion. We feel pretty good about our position right here, and we're
continuing to see growth. And you're right, I think the acquisition of Mastercam just shine the light on
where the action is right now in the space.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities.

Jay Vleeschhouwer
Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division

Andrew, you mentioned...

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

I got to get my pen ready for the 3-part question. Okay. Pen's ready.

Jay Vleeschhouwer
Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division

Okay. So you mentioned that usage is now at prepandemic levels, and the question has to do with new
products of volume. It's an easy compare year-over-year versus last year, but would it be reasonable to
say that new product subs volume, the core of the business, ex EBA, ex cloudy products, ex M2S is above
levels of 2 years ago and that your expectations for the remainder of this year as soon as the next year

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AUTODESK, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2021

is that, that will remain the case that you're now well above where you were 2 years ago in terms of that
core product volume?

And then similarly, for many years, LT was considered to be a good leading indicator or a barometer of the
business. Given the change in the profile of your product mix, your portfolio, plus the fact that Autodesk
seems to be encouraging full AutoCAD adoption in lieu of LT, you're clearly not encouraging LT, is there
some change in the barometers or indicators that you look to for the business?

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Okay. Great questions. So let me address the first part. There's only 2-part questions, Jay. You
disappointed us.

Jay Vleeschhouwer
Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division

I can give you a third.

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

So new product subs is up significantly, okay? I'm not going to give you specifics. I'm not going to tell you
if it's exactly back up to 2 years, but let's just say it's up significantly. Okay. We can't -- we couldn't be
delivering the kind of performance we're delivering if it wasn't. It's significantly higher than the overall
growth of the business in terms of new product subs, and it's continued to robustly grow moving forward,
and we expect it to continue. So you can imagine that our volumes are getting back up to the places we
would have expected them to be before COVID ever hit, which is a good sign and a good outcome.

And more and more, as you can see in this quarter, we generated a lot of that new volume through digital
direct channels and channels that were direct to us, which is another interesting factor here. You are
absolutely right. It used to be that LT, because of the price point and because of its exposure to small
businesses, it was a barometer of the health of our business. But the move to the subscription model has
kind of scrambled that a little bit because people that may have been buying LT exclusively for something
or buying different products and other things like that.

So that's why we began tracking in a deep way the monthly active, daily active usage of our products in
various countries, which has become, frankly, our core barometer. And I think you can agree that, that is
a much more robust indicator of the health of our business than, for instance, looking at LT sales and LT
transactions. And it's also interesting to note, as commercial usage surges forward so as noncompliant
usage, almost faster sometimes.

Jay Vleeschhouwer
Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division

Right. So as not to disappoint you, let me just ask you this. You made a very interesting reference...

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Here comes part 3. Here we go.

Jay Vleeschhouwer
Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division

Exactly. You made a very interesting reference to a semiconductor facility in Asia that has become an AEC
customer. And so the question there looking ahead is when you think about what Intel is going to be doing
with fab construction and others in the semi industry, when you look at data center build-out and electric
vehicle build-out, those are all mega commercial facilities. So what's your pipeline looking like for any or
all of those?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AUTODESK, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2021

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Yes. That's a very excellent point, Jay, right? So we're already big in the data center pipeline, all right?
BIM is supercritical to some of these workflows. I have personally engaged with customers that I will
not name, and see some amazing things they're doing with our tools on the data center front and on
the factory front. So we are actively engaged with deepening the penetration of BIM in all of those areas
where people are standing up new factories.

And people are building new capacity. And you're right to talk about fab capacity for Intel and other places
like that. BIM has matured to a point where when you combine it, especially not only with the capabilities
of design and build, but ultimately, you'll see Tandem play a role in that space as well because Tandem as
a digital twin, allows us to do a handover long term, not yet. Tandem is relatively new to market, but a
digital handover to the owner for doing the lifetime management of the asset as well.

So look, that pipeline is robust and strong. We're already a big player in data center and new style factory
standups in several sectors.

Operator

Our next question comes from Gal Munda of Berenberg.

Gal Munda
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG, Research Division

The first one is just around kind of the way you're thinking of multiyear offerings going forward. We're
hearing that towards the end of the year, you're kind of -- even on the product side, you're thinking about
kind of decreasing the discounts potentially. Is that something that could have an implication beyond the
EBA also going into product subscriptions to have a lower multiyear going forward? Or is it just something
that you kind of managing cash flow as we head into FY '23, which is a big cohort of renewals, like you
said?

Deborah L. Clifford
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Gal. So I'll say again, our goal is to do what's best for our customers and what's best for
us. You're right that we recently announced that we're reducing the discount on product subscription,
multiyear contracts from 10% down to 5%. And we're doing it because we don't feel that the higher
discount is necessary. The value proposition of a multiyear contract to our customers is the price certainty,
not the discount. Of course, we benefit from the lower discount because we get higher price realization.
But at the end of the day, the multiyear contracts reflect strategic longer-term partnerships with our
customers. Now we make small price changes like that all the time in order to optimize our business and
to maximize the value for both our customers and for us, and this is just one example of that.

Gal Munda
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG, Research Division

Got you. That's really helpful. And then just the second question, we haven't heard much about the
network licenses and how the -- kind of the transition is going. What you -- what we said in the past over
the last year that obviously, the first ones to hand them over were the ones that had entitlement that
basically gives them maybe more under the 2 for 1 or 1 for 2 effectively. They give them more licenses
that they needed, and the others will kind of come later. Are you starting to see that tip of the iceberg
effectively when it kind of goes to the other way where people that are handing in their network licenses
now are -- that's 2 for 1 exactly or even they need to take extra entitlement in order to be in compliance?

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

So Gal, we are absolutely starting to see the tip of the iceberg on that part of the transition. And also Flex,
which is something that a lot of those customers were waiting for, because those customers were heavy

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AUTODESK, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2021

users of our network license model, Flex. Flex in one of its forms replaces that old model. So with it --
as Flex starts to reach the channel and reach the customers more directly, you're absolutely going to see
a greater acceleration of that because they do have to ultimately transfer and name every user to use
Flex. But we're seeing the tip of the iceberg on that right now. Flex's availability, broader availability as we
move to the end of this year and into early next year will also accelerate that trend as well, which will help
us retire that old business model and get our customers on the more advanced management systems that
underpin Flex.

Operator

Our next question comes from Matt Hedberg of RBC Capital Markets.

Matthew George Hedberg
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Great. Andrew, I want to start with you. Given the U.S. federal infrastructure spending bill, one of the
most often asked questions I get is really your exposure to infrastructure spending. I'm wondering if
there's any way that you can help, just roughly frame up the magnitude of that business or even perhaps
how fast is it growing relative to your overall sort of portfolio of businesses.

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So we don't break out infrastructure as a business. So I can't give you specifics, but here's one of the
things -- here's what I can tell you, and here's the philosophical statement I can make on this. One, we do
not have any impact from a federal infrastructure bill built into our financial models, okay? So the numbers
we've given you, they're all business as usual based on our normal course and speed, right? So I want to
be super clear about that, so we're all on the same page. However, we are big proponents of infrastructure
spending and the need for infrastructure spending. And I think you're getting a sense -- just over the last
few weeks and the last month, some of the critical drivers around what -- how serious it is when you have
decaying infrastructure.

I mean look at California, right? California built water infrastructure for slow snowmelts to catch water and
have it dribble down from the melting snow and run off to the coast, and everybody was happy. That world
is likely gone. And what people need to focus on is more reservoirs, different types of infrastructure to
capture rainwater rather than rely on snowmelt. These are things that, in some cases, were predictable 10
years ago, but we haven't made progress on.

Also, look what's happening in Tennessee just last week. These horrible tragedies with these flash floods
in the middle of Tennessee, unprecedented levels of speed and severity of floods, all related to water
infrastructure. All of these things are related to climate changes. Some of them were predictable. Some
of them not. All of them are a 10-year backlog now in many places. We have to build better across the
board. And we believe that our tools, our capabilities, the digital platforms we're deploying are going to
help people build better.

And when you look at how we're positioned to capitalize on this, which I can talk to you about, is, look, we
have got the solution that goes from end to end with the owner -- with the capital planning engagement,
all the way to the use engagement with the vertical and horizontal components of construction and BIM in
between.

And I want to point to you some of our recent partnerships and acquisitions. On road and rail, we partner
with Aurigo to go after departments of transportation to help with the capital planning. We bought
Innovyze, which has a capital planning tool upfront in the water infrastructure process. And we also have
Spacemaker, which we haven't talked a lot about, which helps in the real estate development side from
the capital planning and allocation there. So we're actually building out capabilities in the upfront through
partnership and through technology. And then we have all this capability that we've integrated into the
Construction Cloud as well to help with vertical and horizontal construction. So we're ready.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AUTODESK, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2021

We've invested in the places that we think are critical, and we think people need to invest in digital
technology to not only build what needs to be built, but build it back better and build it back cheaper
so that we can start closing out the backlog because there's a big backlog. So there will be opportunity
here. It will be long-term opportunity for the company. It won't be short term, but there will absolutely be
opportunity as people start to spin up these infrastructure projects.

Matthew George Hedberg
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

That is super comprehensive. And as a sidebar, yes, it does feel like your acquisition of Innovyze, given
the wording of the bill on water, was certainly timely.

I wanted to go back to manufacturing just with another question. You noted in prior calls that Fusion 360
is near a tipping point. And there was another question on MCAD and ECAD. I'm just curious, though, from
a philosophical perspective, what's left for you to do within your manufacturing portfolio? In other words,
is there a much more white space left beyond what you've got? Just sort of kind of getting a sense for
where we're at in that sort of platform maturation.

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So there's always a little white space, okay? I think one of the things that's really important in terms
of things we have to do, we have to finish integrating all the end-to-end capabilities, all right? So we have
to make sure that we've gotten all the capabilities completely integrated in a way that makes sense. We
have to continue to dial down on things like generative design and cloud-based and machine learning-
based automation that automate workflows between some of these things. So even less sophisticated
companies can take full advantage of highly sophisticated capabilities, which is a goal for us.

Now there's going to be other white space as we move down with regards to connecting to production
planning on the shop floor, not just moving geometry directly to the machine through generative design,
but actually managing production flow and some of the things associated with that in highly automated
facilities. So we'll probably explore some of those areas as we start building out the platform.

But really, in terms of what things have to happen to continue to accelerate Fusion's growth, it's all about
building out the core design capabilities because we've got a lot of touch points in there. We've got ECAD.
We've got some really great partnerships around simulation, which will deepen over time. And we've also
got excellent manufacturing capabilities. As we deepen and professionalize the design capabilities, you'll
start to see more and more purchasing of sophisticated extensions on top of Fusion. So look for Fusion to
become a more significant revenue driver as we move beyond FY '23.

Right now, we're focused on making sure the platform is best-in-class, that its cloud underpinnings are
strong, that we build off the strong foundation we have right now and that we build out some of these
core design capabilities. But there are little bits of white space in there around production management,
around some of the integrations with other types of capabilities, around costing and estimating that are
going to be interesting as well in the future.

Operator

Our next question comes from Joe Vruwink of Baird.

Joseph D. Vruwink
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Great. I wanted to start with the performance and the direct channel efforts. Obviously, you've had a goal
to achieve 50% revenue share. But it seems like in the last several quarters, just the movement to that
level has accelerated a bit. Are there specific things you would maybe point to recently that help explain
some of the acceleration? You brought up enterprise, and the eStore is maybe one responsible more than
the other. And how much is this factoring into kind of the confidence you speak to entering the second half
of this year?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AUTODESK, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2021

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So I think Debbie and I will both tag-team this a little bit. Okay. So let me just talk about this at a
high level. Some of these things are cyclical by the way, okay? So there'll be quarter-to-quarter variations
here. The fastest-growing channel we have in our business is the digital channel, all right? And more and
more of our products, especially new products, especially through small businesses, are being bumped
off to that channel. It's a big driver, and we've seen some acceleration there, and we continue to see
acceleration there. It's a very healthy challenge. That's what we've expected.

We're certainly also being successful in our EBA business, which is driving up the percentage in certain
quarters, all right? But don't look for that to be a linear transition, okay? We're going to get to the 50%.
It's going to take time, but there'll be some quarters where we're trending up, and then quarters where
we're trending a little bit down. But overall, as you fit the line through over multiple years, it's going to
be heading up into the right direction. There are some countries where we're getting very close to 50-50
and other places where we're very far away from it. So you have to look at the business a little bit more
discretely as we get there, but don't look for this to be a straight line.

Debbie, did you want to add anything?

Deborah L. Clifford
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I mean I think you captured it well, Andrew. As you said, there's 2 main parts. There's the enterprise
or EBA business, and there is our e-commerce channel. Now the enterprise business is a seasonal low in
Q2, but we do have a strong pipeline. Andrew mentioned that it was the first quarter that we saw Upchain
included in an EBA. So we're building momentum, and we anticipate that the bulk of our EBA selling will
be in the back half of this year, like previous years. So things are looking good there.

On the e-commerce side, lots of growth there. We've been investing heavily. Last quarter, we talked about
different things that we added like more out-of-seat capabilities, more calls-to-action across the site. We
continued to invest this quarter. Some examples of the changes that we made were one-step resubscribe
capabilities so that expired customers can easily resubscribe. We have even more places for out-of-seat
capabilities throughout the site. We launched a new Middle East site in June. So a bunch of things. And
you'll just see us incrementally add more functionality, more ways to engage with Autodesk so that it's
easier to do business with us, and that's going to be part of our success to drive growth through that
channel.

Joseph D. Vruwink
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then I wanted to maybe reconcile what sounds like a lot of strong trends and
higher confidence in the second half and still having the same high end of the revenue guidance, 16%
growth intact for fiscal '22. Are there certain areas of the business where you look and it's still a bit held
back, so it could be an opportunity for improvement over coming quarters, but maybe still not the full
contributor that it could be?

Deborah L. Clifford
Executive VP & CFO

I'll start, Andrew, and then you can chime in. I would say that overall, we had a strong Q2, and we exited
the quarter with strong momentum. And we raised our revenue guidance on the year to reflect that
ongoing strength and what we've seen in the business for the year-to-date. Andrew mentioned all the
leading indicators were strong. Usage returned to pre-COVID levels. The construction backlog is back
online. So all we're seeing at this point is accelerating momentum.

The only kind of nit piece that I would highlight in the back half of this year is that, typically, in our Q4,
we do see a bit more upfront revenue recognition for some of the products that we typically sell cyclically
in that period. And that's a little bit of what you see in both Q3 and Q4 as we get to the back half of the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AUTODESK, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2021

year. But overall, just broad strength that we're seeing in the business, and that led to the increase in the
revenue guidance on the year.

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think Debbie said it all.

Operator

Our next question comes from Keith Weiss of Morgan Stanley.

Elizabeth Mary Elliott
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

This is Elizabeth Elliott, on for Keith Weiss. I just had a quick question on the current RPO-based bookings
growth. It looked like year-over-year growth slowed a bit from last quarter. So wondering if you could
just highlight some of what could be driving that and some of the trends that you're just seeing in new
business demand versus what you saw maybe in the prior quarter.

Deborah L. Clifford
Executive VP & CFO

So thanks, Elizabeth. Our RPO growth was strong at 24% year-over-year, and we really do see that as the
leading indicator of what's happening in our overall business. Now typically, we see RPO -- or what we see
right now is that RPO growth shot up in Q4 because we had a very strong enterprise business agreement
quarter. And so gradually, we're seeing that taper down over time. But overall, 24% growth is really solid
performance in RPO, and you'll start to see that bleed into revenue on the back half of the year.

Elizabeth Mary Elliott
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Got it. And then just one more. The ABI data for June noted some firms just weren't able to find enough
workers, and that is a challenge. I think they talked about 60% of firms not being able to fill openings in
the architectural staff. So I was wondering if any issues in employment, is that a headwind for Autodesk
seats? Or is that a tailwind for you guys as firms just need to digitalize faster and improve productivity?

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Sorry. Can you repeat that question?

Elizabeth Mary Elliott
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Yes. So the Architectural Billings Index data for June highlighted that some of the architectural staff, which
is having problems kind of filling seats, and that being a headwind -- just employment being a headwind
to fill some of the demand capacity that they were seeing. So I was just wondering if employment
headwinds in the overall kind of macro market is driving -- is that a headwind for Autodesk at all? Or
is that actually a tailwind as firms need to digitalize faster, improve productivity by adopting Autodesk
software tools?

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Okay. Thank you. It's actually more of a tailwind because what our customers are struggling with is
they're trying to do more with smaller staff. And the more digital firms are able to do that, the less digital
firms are struggling. The scarcity of labor is pervasive across multiple industries and multiple sectors,
but we believe this is just another driver with regards to people adopting deeper digitization and digital
technologies.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

AUTODESK, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2021

And as you can see from the fact that some of our results in some of our new seat volume, while you're
hearing some of that in the ABI pressure with regards to their book of business, you're not seeing any
kind of depressive impact in our new seat volume. So we expect long term, this is going to be a tailwind
around digitalization and not any kind of headwind for us.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jason Celino of KeyBanc.

Jason Vincent Celino
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Nice acceleration on the make segment this quarter. And you mentioned that it was an all-time high for
bid activity with BuildingConnected. Since BuildingConnected is kind of at the tip of the spear in terms of
where they see visibility into the construction cycle, how should investors think about this engagement
activity flowing through the revenues?

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think you should think about it exactly the way you said it. It is a leading indicator of future on-
site construction activity, all right? So not all of that activity will convert to people buying our construction
tools because not all of the activity is a good fit, but it is absolutely a leading indicator to shovels hitting
the ground, all right? And I think that -- that's the way you should be interpreting it, and that's the way
you should look at it, and that's the way we use it.

And as we get deeper and deeper into BuildingConnected and deeper and deeper into how bid board
works, we'll be creating more internal indices to track and watch some of these things, but that -- what
you said is how you should view this. It is a leading indicator of shovels in the dirt and future activities,
which some of that will translate into future purchases of on-site construction software tools.

Jason Vincent Celino
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Okay. Well, maybe to double-click on that a little bit. When we think about it from like a timing perspective
or it's most of the -- any help you can share on the types and timing of projects?

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

No. I can't. I can't give you a lag indicator between increased bid activity on bid board and the start of
new projects and what that impact is on our business.

Operator

And that is all the time we have for Q&A. I'd now like to hand the call back to Simon Mays-Smith for
closing remarks.

Simon Mays-Smith
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Latif, and thank you, everyone, for joining our Q2 fiscal '22 conference call. If you have any
follow-up questions, please do contact the Investor Relations team, and we look forward to seeing you all
at our Investor Day on Wednesday next week. Thanks very much. Goodbye.

Operator
This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

AUTODESK, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

