Autodesk, Inc. NasdaqGS:ADSK
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, August 25, 2020 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.90

0.98

Revenue  (mm)

901.76

913.10

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-24-2020 2:37 PM GMT

8.89

1.26

0.95

3.78

5.33

939.41

3738.09

4407.73

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.72

0.90

0.79

0.90

0.78

0.92

0.85

0.98

8.33 %

2.22 %

7.59 %

8.89 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
AUTODESK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Abhey Rattan Lamba
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Richard Scott Herren
Senior VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Adam Charles Borg
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Brad Alan Zelnick
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

David E. Hynes
Canaccord Genuity Corp.,
Research Division

Hamza Fodderwala
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Jason Vincent Celino
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Jay Vleeschhouwer
Griffin Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Joseph D. Vruwink
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Koji Ikeda
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Matthew George Hedberg
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Philip Alan Winslow
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Saket Kalia
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AUTODESK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Autodesk Second Quarter Fiscal
Year '21 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is
being recorded. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference to your speaker today, Abhey Lamba, VP, Investor Relations.
Please go ahead, sir.

Abhey Rattan Lamba
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, operator, and good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the results of
our second quarter of fiscal year '21. On the line is Andrew Anagnost, our CEO; and Scott Herren, our
CFO.

Today's conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available
at autodesk.com/investor. You can find the earnings press release, slide presentation and transcript of
today's opening commentary on our Investor Relations website following this call.

During the course of this call, we may make forward-looking statements about our outlook, future results
and related assumptions and strategies. These statements reflect our best judgment based on currently
known factors. Actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to our SEC filings for important
risks and other factors, including developments in the COVID pandemic and the resulting impact on our
business and operations that may cause our actual results to differ from those in our forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call
is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current
or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements.

During the call, we will quote a number of numerical growth changes as we discuss our financial
performance and unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. All
non-GAAP numbers referenced in today's call are reconciled in the press release or the slide presentation
on our Investor Relations website.

And now I would like to turn the call over to Andrew.

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Abhey. To start, I hope everyone is safe and healthy as our world continues to be impacted by
the COVID pandemic. Our priorities remain the safety and well-being of our employees and the continued
support of our customers, partners and communities.

Before I dive into the quarter, I thank all of our employees for their efforts and persistence during these
challenging times. The resiliency of our business model and solid execution helped us deliver strong Q2
results with revenue, earnings and free cash flow above expectations even as we continue to operate in
uncertain times. The secular trends that we have been investing in and preparing for, such as the adoption
of cloud-based solutions, are accelerating and we are excited about our position in the market. While
our competitors are just beginning to focus on similar trends, our investments from the last 2 years are
already driving positive results. With the business model changes we have made, we continue to deliver
significant value and functionality in the cloud. Because of this and a few other aspects I'll discuss, we will
be stronger on the other side of this pandemic.

As indicated on the last call, we continue to closely monitor the usage pattern of our products across the
globe, something we could not do historically. In China, Korea and Japan, we are seeing usage above

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AUTODESK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

pre-COVID levels. In some areas of Europe, we continue to see a recovery as well. In the Americas, we
experienced a slight uptick in usage for most key products in July. We are also seeing a positive correlation
between usage trends and new business performance, which gives us confidence that the green shoots we
see in usage will translate into improved new business performance in subsequent quarters.

In all senses, work is changing. And our cloud collaboration products effectively connect project teams and
workflows, allowing businesses to thrive even when their employees and partners are working remotely.
Usage of BIM 360 Design, our cloud collaboration tool, has accelerated with the adoption by Revit users
almost doubling in the past year. We also continued to gain momentum in manufacturing of Fusion 360.
We had the best quarter ever for subscription net additions with more than 10,000 in the quarter. The
value of the cloud is becoming more and more apparent, and cloud-based solutions are becoming a
necessity.

Our product subscription renewal rates improved steadily throughout Q2 as customers recognize the
critical value our offerings bring to their businesses. Our new business was impacted by the current
environment, but the strength of our pipeline entering the second half of the year, combined with
execution in recovering countries, make us confident in our full year targets.

Now I'd like to turn it over to Scott to take you through details of our quarterly performance and guidance
for the year before I come back to provide insights into our strategic growth drivers.

Richard Scott Herren
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, Andrew. As you just heard, despite facing the economic headwinds from COVID, we had strong
performance across all key metrics in the quarter.

Total revenue growth in the quarter came in at 15% as reported, 16% at constant currency, with
subscription plan revenue growing by 27% and operating margin expanding by 5 percentage points.
Despite offering extended payment terms through the quarter, we delivered healthy free cash flow of $64
million. Current RPO, which reflects committed revenue for the next 12 months, is up 15% and total RPO
is up 19%.

Our ongoing investment in digital sales are yielding results as we saw strong double-digit billings growth
through the online channel during the quarter. Our online sales are helping attract new customers to the
Autodesk family as nearly 3 out of 4 new customers in the quarter came in through e-commerce. Our
run rate business came in stronger in the quarter, while the pace of closing larger transactions slowed
modestly.

In Q2, our net revenue retention rate was within the 100% to 110% range we laid out in our previous
guidance. As Andrew mentioned, we saw resilient renewal rates in the quarter. Digging deeper into our
renewal rates, our product subscription renewal rates improved on a sequential basis, which is a strong
endorsement of the strategic nature of our products and the stickiness of our customer base in this
new business model. We experienced a decline in maintenance renewal rates, as expected, since we
announced the end-of-life of our maintenance offerings. With our transition to a subscription business
model behind us, maintenance is only about 5% of our revenue. Similar to last quarter, more than 40%
of the maintenance customers who came up for renewal converted to subscription. Our M2S revenue,
combined with our maintenance revenue this quarter at $229 million, is close to 80% of our peak
quarterly maintenance revenue in Q1 fiscal '16. This speaks to the great success we've had with the
program.

In Q2, we also saw industry collections grow sequentially as a share of total new business. While multiyear
payments are down year-over-year, towards the end of the second quarter, we saw a slight uptick in
multiyear payments as customers continue to make long-term commitments to our products. APAC led
the way in share of multiyear deals, consistent with the region's relatively strong performance in new
business. As we anticipated, our second quarter new business activity was more impacted than in Q1, with
new business declining in the range of mid-teens percent. In line with our commentary on the last call,
we think the second quarter will be the most impacted by the pandemic. Our business is recovering in the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AUTODESK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

markets that were impacted by the pandemic earlier on. However, some of our major markets like the U.S.
and U.K. have stabilized but are yet to show meaningful improvement. As such, we continue with a wider-
than-normal revenue range for the remainder of the year while raising the midpoint of our guidance. Our
updated guidance implies continued improvement in all of our end markets over the next 2 quarters, and
we expect the pace of closing larger transactions to improve.

In addition to the impact of large deal activity, the range of our forecast factors in varying degrees of
demand environment in the Americas, which includes our largest end market. At the upper end of our
guidance range, we are modeling meaningful recovery in the region in the third quarter with continued
improvement in the fourth quarter. At the low end of the range, we anticipate a slower recovery in
the third quarter and improvement in Q4. We are very pleased with the performance of our product
subscription renewal rates in the second quarter and expect them to continue improving for the rest of
the year. For the remaining maintenance base, we expect churn to further increase, but recall that we are
in the final stages of ending our maintenance offering and the number of seats are small versus our total
installed base. We expect our net revenue retention rate to remain between 100% and 110% for the rest
of the year.

Our full year operating margin should expand by approximately 3 to 4.5 percentage points as we
keep exercising our strong discipline around spend management while continuing to invest in strategic
priorities. Despite improving multiyear trends we experienced at the end of the quarter, we are taking a
cautious view of their continued uptake in the second half of the year, which is impacting the upper end
of our billings forecast range for the year. Our billings adjustment does not affect free cash flow estimate
of $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion for fiscal '21 as we expect strong cash collections to continue. Finally, we are
confident in our fiscal '23 free cash flow target of $2.4 billion.

And now I'd like to turn it back to Andrew.

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Scott. I am proud of the team for what we accomplished in Q2. With the investments we
made over the last few years and our move to make everyone a named user, we are in the final stages of
becoming a true SaaS provider and delivering a significant amount of capabilities in the cloud. We can now
deliver enhanced value to our users and administrators, and our named user model enables our customers
to operate efficiently in a remote work environment.

Our transition to named users is off to a promising start with some customers choosing to adopt it ahead
of the launch earlier this month. Khatib & Alami, one of the largest construction and engineering and
consulting firms in the Middle East, saw the value and its ability to accelerate work from home and
reached out to transition early. The transition to named user model is not the only thing ensuring their
business continuity while working from home. During the quarter, they increased their seats of BIM 360
Design, breaking silos and enabling their building and infrastructure teams to collaborate on Revit and Civil
3D models from different locations.

During the quarter, we also launched our premium subscription plan, which would not have been possible
without converting everyone to named users. We can now offer added security with single sign-on
capabilities, ease of administration and advanced product usage information for administrators. One of the
first to make the investment in the premium plan was one of our long-time customers, Calibre Diona, a
leading provider of professional infrastructure and built-environment solutions headquartered in Australia.
The most compelling features for them are the single sign-on capability and the license usage visibility.
Calibre Diona has been partnering with Autodesk for 20 years, and our products have enabled them to
continue innovating to deliver valuable design and engineering solutions to their customers as both CAD
technology and engineering practices have evolved from the drawing board to AutoCAD and now to BIM.

The next phase of our journey will enable us to offer even greater value to our customers as a true cloud
technology provider. Now let me update you on our 3 key growth initiatives: accelerating digitization in
AEC, convergence of design and make and manufacturing and monetization of noncompliant and legacy
users. Our AEC business has continued to be resilient. Our products enable more efficient communication

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AUTODESK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

and increased oversight as the industry works through additional steps in their processes, such as new
shift paradigms and optimized site layouts. We continue to make investments in Construction where we
expect technology adoption to keep growing, especially as we exit the pandemic.

We recently announced 3 notable investments. First, we acquired Pype, which closed this month
and will add significant value for Autodesk Construction Cloud users, allowing general contractors,
subcontractors and owners to automate workflows such as submittals and project closeouts to increase
overall productivity and reduce risk throughout the project life cycle. Second, we also made a strategic
investment in Bridgit. Bridgit offers workforce optimization solutions for contractors. Third, we expanded
our existing relationship with Factory_OS. Factory_OS is helping us improve our products to support the
convergence of construction and manufacturing, thereby advancing prefabrication, off-site and modular
construction practices.

We continue to enhance our project and cost management capabilities by improving connected workflows
and cost tracking functionality. As you may recall, a large number of construction sites had shut down
when we started the quarter. Sales of our Construction Solutions targeted at field activities started
out slowly, but improved during the quarter as construction sites began to reopen. During the quarter,
Saunders Construction, a top ENR 400 provider of comprehensive construction management and general
contracting services, signed a 3-year renewal expansion with us, citing their previous success with our
products and the ongoing value we deliver in terms of productivity gains across the project life cycle.
Saunders has been successfully using Revit in coordination with BIM 360 Field and Glue and Navisworks
for field execution and BIM coordination for years. This enables Saunders to centralize their document
management, connect their office and field teams, build out their quality and safety programs, minimize
rework and enable company enterprise reporting. With this agreement, they're now positioned to continue
growing their deployment of our Construction Cloud with our dedicated support, and we're excited to
expand our partnership with them.

Our BIM 360 Design solutions continue to perform strongly throughout the quarter as architects and
contractors adjusted to the new remote work environment and found immense value in its cloud-based
collaboration capabilities. KPF, one of the largest architecture firms in New York City with offices and
projects all over the world, is also investing in BIM 360 solutions. James Brogan, Principal at KPF, said, "At
KPF, collaborating effectively with global clients and design teams is critical to our success. As such, our
partnership with Autodesk and the use of BIM 360 in conjunction with Revit, in particular, have become
fundamental to our business, enabling us to efficiently manage design data across global teams and
deliver world-class outcomes for our clients."

We continue to make progress and provide more value to customers in the infrastructure space. During
the quarter, one of the largest infrastructure design firms in the U.S. renewed and expanded their
enterprise business agreement, or EBA, with Autodesk. This customer is leveraging the EBA token offering
to digitize the company and move traditional file-based workflows to data-driven design, leveraging the
cloud and displacing competition. With the ever-growing need to work remotely and in large project teams
with multiple stakeholders, this customer is investing in Autodesk BIM 360 as the common data platform
for managing project information, collaboration and model coordination. This design customer has also
added PlanGrid to manage RFIs and submittals in the field as well as Assemble for conditioning models for
estimating and quantity takeoffs.

As I mentioned earlier, Fusion is continuing to accelerate within our manufacturing portfolio and gain
traction with Generative Design. This quarter, Firefly Aerospace, a rocket and spacecraft company based
in Austin, Texas, committed to Autodesk over multiple competitors as their partner of choice for design,
analysis and manufacturing software because of efficiency gains realized in the design to make workflows
and light-weighting opportunities provided by Generative Design. Their first launch vehicle has been
designed and built using the entirety of Autodesk's design and make solutions. And the team at Firefly is
already thinking about how Generative Design can be used to optimize their designs further. In a market
where reduction in weight directly correlates to a reduction in cost, Generative Design can not only firmly
establish Firefly as a thought leader in their space, but also as the most economical launch platform in the
market. Leveraging these advanced tools from Autodesk will enable them to stay one step ahead of the
competition.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AUTODESK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Today, we announced that our existing advanced manufacturing technologies, PowerMill, PowerShape
and PowerInspect, will become part of the Fusion 360 platform. This complements our existing offering
of Fusion 360 with feature CAM for production machining applications and also allows us to bring new
advanced capabilities to our core Fusion 360 cloud-based software. This is a natural progression as we
see high interest from customers to use next-generation design and manufacturing workflows in Fusion
360 alongside our advanced manufacturing tools. It is also a key step towards our long-standing vision
of seamless collaboration between designers and engineers, uniting design and manufacturing under the
power of a single cloud platform.

In Q2, we also signed a deal with Nobel Biocare, which included subscriptions to PowerMill, PowerShape
and Fusion 360 with feature CAM. Headquartered in Switzerland, Nobel Biocare manufactures dental
implants and CAD/CAM-based individualized prosthetics, and they receive orders for custom, single and
multi-unit implant restorations from all over the world. The custom restoration is manufactured from start
to finish using Autodesk software. And using our technology, Nobel Biocare has created a fully automated
process that allows them to produce completely unique dental restorations, meeting the individual needs
of their dental patients. We are the preferred vendor for building product manufacturers who need
to design within the context of the building information model. During the quarter, we signed a new
enterprise business agreement with one of the largest manufacturers of exterior building products in North
America. Even amid an uncertain business climate, the U.S.-based manufacturer is strategically investing
and partnering with Autodesk to support their focus on innovation and industrialized construction. They
are looking to Autodesk solutions, such as BIM 360, Revit and Inventor, to help them maximize efficiencies
by digitally transforming and improving processes across the entire construction ecosystem. We also
displaced a local competitor at a building product manufacturer in France due to our deep connection to
BIM. The convergence of design and make in manufacturing is happening, and our deep connection to BIM
will enable us to win.

Moving on to updates on our digital transformation and progress monetizing noncompliant users. We are
confident in our ability to convert the long-term opportunity. However, in the short term, we continue to
be mindful of the current environment and importance of working with noncompliant users in respectful
and reasonable ways. In Q2, we closed 3 deals of more than $1 million each in the APAC region, where
business activity has returned to pre-COVID levels. Also during the quarter, we closed a deal with a design
build architecture firm in China against a local, lower cost competitor. A few quarters ago, the customer
decided to make the switch away from AutoCAD solely based on cost savings, but their engineers continue
to use our software due to the necessary functionality. We were able to convert them back to paying users
based on the value our solutions provide.

In closing, we are building a stronger Autodesk for the long term. We have a head start over competition
in critical capabilities like cloud computing and cloud-based collaboration, and we will continue to invest
in our strategic initiatives. There are multiple drivers that make us confident in our fiscal 2023 targets
and beyond. First, digitization in AEC is going to accelerate in the coming years as companies seek to
not only make current processes more resilient and efficient but to support new industrial paradigms
for construction. Second, the evolution of manufacturing to a more distributed network and cloud-based
workflow is also going to accelerate significantly over the next few years, and we have the industry-
leading multi-tenant cloud-based solution to address the emerging customer needs that will shape
demand. And third, our business model is more robust, adaptable and resilient than in the entire history of
the company. This will allow us to not only invest in the future, but to do so with an eye to both revenue
and margin growth.
With that, operator, we'd like to open the call up to questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AUTODESK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Saket Kalia with Barclays.

Saket Kalia
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Scott, maybe for you. Can you just talk about what you're seeing on customer preferences for different
duration contracts? You touched on this a little bit in your prepared remarks. But can you just talk about
what you saw in terms of contract duration this quarter? And how you're planning for the rest of the year
as we think about that change to the top end of the billings guide?

Richard Scott Herren
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Saket. You're spot on. And we said coming into the quarter when we gave the previous
guide that we felt Q2 would be the toughest quarter of the year. And in particular, we thought we would
see an impact on multiyear, and we had seen that on the -- at the very end of Q1. And we did see that,
we saw an impact. Although it didn't -- the rate of customers buying multiyear didn't fall through the
floor by any stretch, but it came down earlier in the quarter. And then as the quarter went on, we saw it
modestly improving each month throughout the quarter. So the multiyear did take a hit and then improve
throughout the quarter. But with that said, remember, when we rolled out that guidance, and we described
it, I think, in quite a bit of detail on what would take us to the high end of the range versus the low
end. And at the high end of the guidance ranges, we had assumed a swift recovery in the second half
of the year. And that's exactly what we're seeing in some markets, but not in all of our markets. So the
adjustment in the billings guide is really driven by our expectation of less multiyear sales and a slightly
slower recovery in the U.S. and U.K. as we talked about in the opening commentary.

Saket Kalia
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Got it. That makes a lot of sense. Maybe for you, Andrew, for my follow-up, a little bit sort of disconnected
from the results a little bit. But as you posted an interesting blog a couple of weeks ago about Autodesk in
the AEC industry. And I guess I just want to zero in on one part of it, which was the idea that architectural
customers, you spend a lot of time, by the way, in your prepared remarks, may actually be paying less
under the subscription model versus the old perpetual maintenance model. And so I was just wondering if
you could expand on that a little bit and maybe address whether Autodesk is actually potentially leaving
money on the table in the AEC industry.

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

All right. Saket, thanks for proving to me why this audience won't be empathetic to some of those
concerns that were expressed as other audiences. So first off, let me just acknowledge something about
the communications with the AEC industry and the architect in particular. One, they have legitimate
concerns about the functionality in Revit, and we take those incredibly seriously. And the fact is that
from an architectural standpoint, Revit hasn't gotten a lot of incremental investment. A lot of the AEC
investments gone to Construction. It's gone to Revit enhancements, targeting the engineering component
of the workflow, structural workflows in particular. So there's some real legitimate concerns there. The
other concern they have is the move from multiuser to named users. These are large multiuser clients,
and they've seen multiuser prices drift up. They really want a pay-per-use model. We want them to have a
pay-per-use model, which they would refer to as cloud licensing. So those are some things I just want to
make sure that we acknowledge and we're all on the same page with.

But that said, like you said, and it's important that I make this clear, these customers come from a highly
privileged -- roughly 20% of our subscription base that moved from maintenance to subscription and
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AUTODESK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

have really pretty deep price protections, okay, relative to the rest of the base. And if you look at their
expenditures over a 5-year period, frankly, even over -- moving out another 5 years, as they add seats,
they are actually paying less to Autodesk than they would have under the old perpetual model. And that
was a deliberate part of the transition. Even as multiuser prices go up and everything, if you add up what
they would have paid to -- for us for adding users over time, they actually end up paying us less over a 5-
year period, and frankly, as they add users over a 10-year period.

We're not concerned about that. We went out very early on that we were going to take care of these
maintenance customers that were out in front of us. We did that. Lots of debates with all of you about the
maintenance to subscription program, the 10-year price lock, it wasn't exactly something that all of you
were behind, all right? But we think it was right. And yes, it has resulted in this. Now -- so we're never
going to be on the same page with this audience about that particular part of the equation. But remember,
this is a shrinking bit of our subscription base. They're protected 20% now, they'll be less than that later.
But over time, they pay less than they used to in the old perpetual model, it's true. But we're not worried
about that. There's no concern there.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.

Jay Vleeschhouwer
Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division

Question number one, Andrew, is about the intersection of what you've called 3 inevitabilities or
eventualities in your business: number one, collections in the cloud; two, a consumption model; and
then three, a underlying rearchitecting of your platform. The product information model or whatever you
guys are calling it now, you are doing that underlying rearchitecting work. And so in terms of connecting
all of those things, how feasible or desirable might it be for you to resegment the portfolio? Not to go
back to where you were pre transition in terms of having dozens of SKUs and so forth, but perhaps,
you would have the opportunity to have some additional number of flavors either standalone or perhaps
new collections configurations that you would be able to feasibly bring to market based on the new
architecture, named user and so forth.

For the follow-up question, at the analyst meeting 2 months ago, you talked about your customer
breakdown as consisting of named account, mid-market, strategic territory and plain vanilla territory.
The question there is, could you talk about the performance in each of those 4 segments and how you're
thinking about those for the remainder of the year and whether you're doing anything in terms of sales
capacity and or back-end margins?

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Okay. Great. So I'm going to take the first part of that, and I'm going to have in the second part of that
to Scott, right? So Jay, you asked a very complicated, sophisticated question there. But let me kind
of summarize it this way, all right? The model that we're going to is a greater segmentation in some
respects, but I want to keep pointing you back to the way Fusion is being architected and constructed, all
right? Fusion has a subscription entry price. There's a set of functionality that people use frequently and if
they're using to do a lot of their day-to-day work. But then there's a series of modules that they can reach
out to and access on a need-based method, okay? And you'll just notice, we added more of those recently
to Fusion sort of from technology that was previously in the Delcam portfolio. This model of having a --
what, for the lack of a better word, a vertical platform, that's, for instance, in manufacturing, it's built on
the product information model in the cloud. In AEC, it's going to be built on a building information model
in the cloud. In media, it might be built on a media information model in the cloud and things associated
with that. They will be able to pull the functionality they need as they need it, they'll pay a baseline
subscription and they'll pay-per-use for various things as they need them and as they need some of this
advanced capability. So if you think of that, is that a segmentation of our portfolio and an increase of
SKUs? Maybe in some respects, but what it's designed to do is ensure that occasionally used functionality
with high value they can get when they need it without having to get it all at once. That's the notion of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AUTODESK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

collections in the cloud. It's the collections in the cloud that they can use on an as-needed basis. So when
you look at what we're doing in -- with Fusion, that really directionally captures where the model is going
for all of our customers ultimately. And it's all connected, you're right. Named users are necessary to do
that because you have to name the user so that you can track their usage and their needs and provide
something to them specifically. Now it doesn't mean the named user can't be a large pool of named users
that come in occasionally, which is something that people want in terms of consumption in pay-per-use.
But it's also connected right back again to the underlying architecture of the products, and that's the
future we're going to. Scott, off to you.

Richard Scott Herren
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks. And Jay, let me take your question from the bottom up. If we start with territory and strategic
territory, which tends to be our smaller accounts, it was actually quite strong. And we actually -- we
touched on this kind of qualitatively in the opening commentary. We saw good strength in that small
customer set. And more so, if you -- instead of slicing it by customer size, slice it by geo, you could see
the results. APAC was quite strong, where we've seen the pandemic hit first. They went through what
they went through. As those markets reopened, we called out China, Korea and Japan as actually being
above pre-COVID levels. So seeing good strength in the smaller accounts and seeing good strength in
APAC and then subsequently in Continental Europe. As you work your way up to mid-market and named,
named doesn't have a big Q2. That's where most of our EBAs sit, and it's where all of our EBAs sit as
in the named user -- or I'm sorry, in the named account category. And that tends to be heavier in the
second half of the year. So we've got a -- we've actually got a very full pipeline of large transactions,
large accounts or EBA renewals that are coming up, and those EBAs have close to 100% renewal rate. So
named did fine during the quarter, but Q2 is not a big quarter for named accounts. And mid-market was a
little bit more tepid. And what I'd say there is we have a lot of multiuser usage within the mid-market. And
as you've seen what we've done with the transition to named and moving away from multiuser and over to
named, we didn't actually have that offer, that 2-for-1 offer active until the beginning of Q3. So there's a
little bit of a pause in the mid-market as many of those mid-market accounts -- by the way, doing what all
of us are doing, kind of assessing their business and understanding their needs, but also had the impact of
wanting to get to the transition to named program that we launched at the beginning of Q3. So that's the
right way to think about it by customer size.

Operator

Our next question comes from Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital Markets.

Matthew George Hedberg
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Congrats on the results and really good to hear the strength in the renewal business. I guess for either
of you, maybe Scott, outside of the trends in multiyear that you alluded to in your answer to Saket's
question earlier, I'm wondering if you could talk in a little bit more detail about how new business trends
have progressed through the quarter and maybe how August has trended versus last year? I know Andrew
mentioned strength in pipeline. Just wondering on that new business side, what gives you confidence
there?

Richard Scott Herren
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. I'll start on that, Andrew, and let you jump in and add some more color. What we saw in the new
business is really in line with what our expectations were in those markets that have opened up. So slice
it first by geo, Matt. When you look at it by geo, APAC new business rates were the highest. Continental
Europe, think about the wave of the way the pandemic struck Continental Europe next. And the U.S. and
the U.K., by the way, outside of Continental Europe, both feeling like they've stabilized. There's no further
declines. And we see modest bump up, modest bump down. I'd say they're more stable than they are
coming back out of it yet in those 2 markets. So new business has kind of follow those trends that we --
Andrew talked about their usage rates, and we've been monitoring those usage rates around the world.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AUTODESK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

And what we see is as the usage rates come back, as the markets reopen, we see the new business come
back at the same time. So that's the -- that's probably the right overall characterization for it. Andrew,
anything you'd add to that?

Abhey Rattan Lamba
Vice President of Investor Relations

You're muted, Andrew. I think you're on mute.

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

I don't know how I got muted. Sorry about that. The correlation between usage rates and then ultimate
newly new business is proving out to be fairly tight. So we expect to see that continue. We saw it in APAC,
we watched it go up. We're seeing it in Europe. Like we said earlier, we're seeing stability in the U.S. and
the U.K. And we expect it, as that moves from stability to rising, we're going to see the same kind of
uptick in new business. The 2 would seem to be correlating quite well.

Matthew George Hedberg
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

That's great. And then AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT, I think they grew 18% in the quarter. I wonder if you
can talk a bit more granularity about AutoCAD LT. I know that has actually been fairly strong for you thus
far. And I know historically, that's been -- it had been weaker in times of stress. Just wondering how LT is
holding up relatively in this market.

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Yes. We used to talk about that as the canary in the coal mine for market dislocation at the low end. But
subscription changes everything. The subscription price point for LT is a very attractive price point. And
-- most of the customers that are buying it are very small businesses, smaller or very small medium
businesses. And it does what they need. So they continue to buy in the space. People buy AutoCAD for the
3D and the APIs and the things that are associated with that. But the price point of LT has actually proven
to be very attractive and very resilient during this time. And it's just one of the fundamental changes in
the subscription model.

Operator

Our next question comes from Brad Zelnick with Credit Suisse.

Brad Alan Zelnick
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Andrew, I wanted to dig into manufacturing a bit more. The segment only grew 6% this quarter despite all
of the good things happening with the conversions of design and make. Is there anything in particular that
you'd call out as having a more pronounced impact in manufacturing?

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Actually, we're growing faster than our biggest competitor in the space. So we just want to make sure
we get that in. Look, the space is doing well. Remember, we continue to grow strong last year. So we had
good strong growth coming into last year and next year. So we're comparing 6% to a good year last year,
not 6% to a bad year last year or something like that. So we're actually happy with the performance we're
seeing right now. And I think that's an important metric for us, especially what you see going on with
regards to Fusion and the net adds around Fusion. So this -- we view this as a solid result, and it's only
going to continue to get better. So I think we're in a good position right now, especially when you look at
what we're comparing to from last year.

Brad Alan Zelnick

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AUTODESK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Andrew, that's fair. And maybe just a follow-up. Can you talk about the strong performance of the e-
commerce channel? Are you seeing changes in the types of products customers are purchasing through
this channel? And does this in any way change how you're thinking about the direct business longer term?

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Yes. It doesn't fundamentally change our strategy. We're still trying to get that digital direct online
business up to 25% of our total business. So our strategy hasn't fundamentally changed. The product
mix does change a little bit, all right? It's -- they are buying additional products on this channel. But
fundamentally, our strategy hasn't changed. But it has obviously held up incredibly well during this and
customers have continued to buy. But the strategy, the fundamental strategy of where we're going and
what we're trying to do, we want everything we sell available on the channel, and our goal is still to get it
up to 25%.

Operator

Our next question comes from Phil Winslow with Wells Fargo.

Philip Alan Winslow
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Congrats on another strong quarter. I just want to focus in on AEC again. Obviously, you mentioned some
of the slow starts or positive that you had in projects at the beginning of the quarter. But if I look at
your comments, you talked about competitive wins in project management design -- 360 Design uptake.
Wondering if we can talk about just the puts and takes that you're seeing in AEC vertical? And how are
you thinking about those as we go into the second half?

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So the total business grew fairly well, all right? And I think we just want to make sure that we zero in
on the things that are soft and the things that aren't. Let's talk specifically about construction. As I said in
the opening commentary, the field area is where we see the softness. And right now, it's stabilizing, and
we expect to see field usage going up. And that's to be expected given everything that happened in the
construction sites. But where we're seeing strength, and this is an important precursor to future business,
all right, because it's upfront in the process, is BIM 360 Design and Docs which are part of the pipeline
of loading the project flow. So BIM 360 Design, Docs, in particular, have seen robust growth during this
entire period in the Construction segment. Obviously, Revit continues to do well in this segment in terms
of BIM, in general, doing well. So I want to make sure that we pay attention to, the softness is really
in the places where the hammers are hitting the wood or the -- or hitting the metal depending on what
you're building or the concrete is being poured. And it's not in the upfront part of the projects and the
project management, which is great for us because we're bringing more people into the pipeline. And if all
we're doing was being narrowly focused on the execution part, we would certainly be in deeper problems
than we are right now in the field execution side. We have a broad portfolio that goes all the way from
design through to preconstruction planning, and that part is continuing to see robust action.

Operator

Our next question comes from Koji Ikeda with Oppenheimer.

Koji Ikeda
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

I had a question on the Pype acquisition. Congrats on that acquisition. We've actually heard really great
things about the Pype technology out in the field. And my question is about the technology and the
workflows that it will enhance in the Construction Cloud, really balancing against any potential overlap
with other products within the Construction Cloud. So I guess from a high level, what are the key

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AUTODESK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

construction workflow enhancements coming from the Pype acquisition? And are there any technology
overlaps with existing products?

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So obviously, Pype is in the project management area. And one of the key things it adds is a machine
learning layer to the whole process of setting up and managing changes and requests and work orders in
the process, okay? So what it's doing is it's shortening the time to work these closeouts and these project
activities upfront in the process. So it's giving us technology that provides for a faster turnaround, better
project management, lower risk and better outcomes. That's really what it's doing. We certainly have
some of these capabilities inside the core portfolio, but nothing as deep as what Pype has. Pype went a
lot more deeply into the workflow and covers a lot more use cases than we do. And as you know, we were
partnered with them throughout the process. And we have lots of accounts where we were in there, Pype
was in there, and we worked really very closely with them to make sure that we were complementing
our RFI workflows and not duplicating them. So their whole process takes the RFI and similar workflow to
a whole new level, and it's a pretty powerful combination for us. And like you said, our customers were
pretty bullish on the technology as well, which is one of the reasons why we were bullish.

Koji Ikeda
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

And just maybe one follow-up on the big deals in Asia. Congrats again on the 3 big license compliance
deals of over $1 million. Great news there. I guess, could you tell us maybe what the average contract
duration was for those deals? And could you remind us how does that deal type volume compared to
prior periods of 3 license deals? And I guess, really from a big picture perspective, how many of these $1
million-plus license compliance deals are out there in the world today?

Richard Scott Herren
Senior VP & CFO

Sure, Koji. I'll take that one. The reason for calling out those deals is not that they were particularly
notable in terms of duration, et cetera. It's more to give you a sense of, we've talked about out, out
of deference to our customers and the position that many are put in, in this economic environment,
continuing to work the back end and drive the demand for our license compliance business. But to go a
little bit more slowly at a time when markets are and our customers are under particular levels of stress.
As we've seen those markets open back up, the reason to call out those is not only are they large, but
they're also in markets that have recovered and that we are seeing come back. And as they do, we're
getting right back on the -- ensuring that we can monetize those noncompliant users. So that was the
purpose of calling them out much more so than saying they were particularly lengthy in duration.

Operator

Our next question comes from Adam Borg with Stifel.

Adam Charles Borg
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I just had 2 quick ones. I guess first, just building off Matt's question earlier around AutoCAD LT.
Obviously, you mentioned the strength in AutoCAD LT given the price points. But I just wanted to drill in,
are you seeing any customers optimize purchases? You talked about that last quarter. So any trade downs
from either AutoCAD or industry collections? Any commentary there would be great. And just as a quick
follow-up, I just want to talk about partial renewal rates. I know you've talked about renewal rates being
in line with expectations, but just any commentary around the partial renewal activity would be great.

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So I'll take the AutoCAD question, and I'll hand the renewal rate question over to Scott. So actually,
we're not seeing that kind of behavior. What we're seeing is growth in all of these segments independent

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AUTODESK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

of each other. So we're seeing customers sticking with collections. We're seeing customers buying
AutoCAD for the first time. We're seeing customers buying LT for the first time. We're not seeing a lot
of cross-flow between the 2. But remember, as time goes on, AutoCAD does get squeezed between
collections and LT over the long period, and we expect that. That's something that we plan for, that we
expect, we model. At some point, the AutoCAD as it is today gets squeezed between those 2 types of
offerings. But right now, we're not seeing trade up or trade down. We're seeing people staying within the
offerings they have, buying more of the offering they have and adding up in that respect. So Scott, to the
partial renewal.

Richard Scott Herren
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. And wanted to add, just to put a finer point on what you just said, Andrew. If you look at our product
mix, in terms of the percent of sales that are LT versus AutoCAD versus collections and other, it's kind of
reverted to its historical mean. So we're not seeing a big shift between -- in product mix.

To your question on partial renews, we continue to, obviously, to monitor that closely because it's a
good indicator of how are the -- what's the employment health of our customers, right? So a partial
renew is, I had 10 subscriptions. They all came due at the same point. But instead of renewing 10, I only
renewed 9 or I renewed 8, right? And it gives us a sense of changes in their head count. There's always a
certain amount of that, that happens in any given quarter. And what we talked about last quarter is we've
monitored the rate of those. As they come up, what percent of them are doing a partial renew, and it
really hadn't moved last quarter and it's really materially the same again this quarter. So we're not seeing
a big change either up or down. I wouldn't expect it to go down from the base rate, but we're not seeing
an increase from that base rate.

Operator

Our next question comes from Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.

Hamza Fodderwala
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

This is Hamza Fodderwala in for Keith Weiss. Andrew, I was hoping if you could give like an updated
breakdown of the business between infrastructure, commercial, industrial construction. You talked a lot
about industrial. Clearly, the macro seems to be rebounding, but we're still hearing a lot of uncertainty
around the commercial segment. I think in the past, people have thought that Autodesk is quite tied to
the commercial side, but clearly, there's good growth in the other segments. So I was wondering if you
could give any view on your exposure through those 3 verticals and how you're seeing the macro in each
of those.

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So we're not seeing any slowdown in our AEC business due to commercial dislocations that might
be going on in various places right now. So we talked about that a lot because there was this assumption
that somehow commercial, especially the commercial office buildings in urban areas were like a big part
of our business. They're not, all right? And we're still seeing strength in the AEC business outside that.
But I want to make sure we understand what's really happening in commercial right now, all right? Big
urban projects are probably -- either probably going to slow down or not be as frequent. However, what
is happening in urban locations, there's still going to be a lot of reconfiguring work in commercial space.
But also one of the things that we're going to be seeing, and you can see this in some of the political
discussions as well as some of the business discussions we're having, is that you're going to see more and
more of these commercial-type operations moving away from the urban centers to suburban centers and
along transportation corridors, which we see not only is driving additional building activity but additional
infrastructure improvements as well. And these conversations are already going -- ongoing in all sorts of
legislatures and all sorts of places about building out a long transportation corridors. It's certainly a big
topic of conversation in California, and we expect to see more of that. So no, we are not seeing softness

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AUTODESK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

in our business, and we don't see any future softness in our business as a result of what's happening with
commercial activities right now.

Hamza Fodderwala
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

That's helpful. And then, Scott, just a follow-up question for you. Obviously, stronger-than-expected Q2.
Andrew spoke to an improving pipeline in the back half. Just wondering that the reason for the high end of
the revenue guide declining a bit versus last quarter. Was that -- the explanation there similar to what you
mentioned for billings earlier? I'm not sure I fully understood.

Richard Scott Herren
Senior VP & CFO

No, it's slightly different, although it's got the same root cause. So I'd start by saying, I'm really pleased
with our results and proud of our execution in the second quarter. In an incredibly uncertain environment,
to be able to produce the results that we just put up is something that I think we all take a lot of pride
in. And as a result of that, as you saw, we raised the midpoint of our full year revenue guide by $15
million. So that's kind of the high-level view. When you look at how we did that, we pulled up the low
end and slightly reduced the high end of that guidance range. And so I think your question is just about
the slight reduction on the high end as we narrowed the range from what had been $100 million range,
with only 6 months left, we narrowed it down to $60 million. We're seeing good trends in the markets
that have moved into reopening. We talked about China, Korea and Japan. Product subs renewal rates are
trending in the right direction. We mentioned the pipeline. The pipeline is very strong. But there's still a
fair amount of uncertainty, particularly in the U.S. and in the U.K. And so as we weigh all that together,
it's the combination of those factors that give us the confidence to raise our overall revenue guide by $15
million at the midpoint. But we had said the high end of that guidance range, and this is the point I talked
about earlier, Hamza, the mid -- at the high end of our guidance range previously, we were expecting a
swift recovery. And while we've seen that in some markets, we haven't seen that in all markets. And so
that's why narrowing just slightly from the high end of the revenue range made sense.

Operator

And our next question comes from Joe Vruwink with Baird.

Joseph D. Vruwink
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

My question is on the product road map. And Andrew, I thought the blog post you had recently was
interesting because it kind of shows this mindfulness of striking a balance, investing in certain functionality
and anything that maybe gets a pass in a given year, you circled back to, which I think was the case
with Revit architecture. I guess my question is more on the go-forward, there's going to be this interplay
now, not that it's new, but it's going to increase, where you have your core Revit, Inventor users that are
increasingly tapping into cloud functionality, and it's only going to go up now. Do you have to be mindful
about certain things with this audience shifting to the cloud of where maybe you shift your investment
priorities or different things in the product portfolio receive greater investment? Any meaningful changes
you foresee because of this kind of new or structurally higher dynamic that's in place?

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So shift is not correct, not necessarily the right word. It might -- what it really will be is where we
put new dollars. So for instance, at the beginning of this year, this whole concern around architecture and
-- this is something we saw coming because this has been a 5-plus year kind of tension around -- with
the architecture. So we actually increased investment in AutoCAD architecture at the beginning of this
year. So we actually used incremental R&D dollars to increase investment in that space. What it will mean
moving forward is how we deliberately choose where we add incremental investment. And we've been
very rich and forthright with the construction space in terms of incremental investment. We're not going
to shift money away from that. But as we add incremental investment into next year and year after that,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AUTODESK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

we'll probably add more incremental investment into other places over time. So rather than thinking about
it as a shift, Joe, I think of it as we continue to add incremental investment, which we're in the enviable
position to be able to do, we're spending more in R&D than we ever had in our history and we have still
room to invest more. We're just going to choose deliberately to add incremental investment in certain
spaces, like we did at the beginning of this year for architecture. Does that make sense?

Joseph D. Vruwink
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Right. I'll leave it there. Yes, it does. I'll leave it there.

Operator

Our next question comes from David Hynes with Canaccord.

David E. Hynes
Canaccord Genuity Corp., Research Division

So 2 questions from me. I'll start with you, Scott. Curious what the lag time was between the uptick in
active use and then the resumption of demand that you saw in APAC? And I guess the question is, if the
same held true in the Americas based on what you saw in July, when would you expect to see an uptick in
demand here?

Richard Scott Herren
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. So I don't really want to get into parsing it that -- quite that finely for you, David. What we did see
is, as the usage ticked up and if there was a bit of a lead time, but not measured in months, but there
is a bit of lead time between usage ticks up and when the actual new product sales pick up. And then
our expectation, not only have we seen that in APAC now, but we've seen the same phenomenon as the
markets have reopened in Continental Europe. So our expectation is, as we get more into a reopening in
the United States, that we'll see that same thing here. I think the U.K. is dealing with a slightly separate
issue than just the normal recovery from the pandemic.

David E. Hynes
Canaccord Genuity Corp., Research Division

Yes. Yes. Okay. And then, Andrew, one for you. Curious about the education channel. I know it's not a
revenue driver for Autodesk, but obviously, it's training future users. So I'd be curious what you're seeing
there, just given the uncertainty around back-to-school processes and enrollment numbers. Any color
would be helpful.

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Education usage is up for us, all right? And I think, frankly, the remote nature of work is kind of
playing nicely into our strategy in certain areas, especially with regards to the cloud and how the cloud
interacts with certain parts of the curriculum. Certainly on the university side, Fusion is doing well because
of its cloud foundation. And remember, we have Tinkercad in K-12, so Tinkercad is getting more visibility
in a lot of curriculums right now as well. So education has done really well for us during the pandemic
in terms of -- it's not that we haven't seen declines in usage. We absolutely have. But it's rebounded
back to usage levels that we had in pre-COVID days, which is a positive sign. And we're seeing gains in
educational usage in places where the cloud is a priority for the usage paradigm.

Operator

And our last question comes from Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital Markets.

Jason Vincent Celino
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

AUTODESK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Maybe one quick one for Scott, more of a forward-looking question. I think there have been a lot of
questions on what you're seeing in churn today. But I guess, what are you building in the guidance?
Because I think last quarter, you mentioned that you are building in some conservatism around that for
the second half.

Richard Scott Herren
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Our expectation -- so I'm quite pleased actually with the way the renewal rates on product
subscriptions, which is by far the biggest piece of our subscription base, has progressed throughout the
quarter. And it's our expectation that we will continue to see slight improvements on that through the end
of the year. And I think it -- and that's kind of now looking across all countries. Obviously, it varies a bit
by region as different regions are recovering from the economic impact of the shutdown differently. But I
think in aggregate, what the expectation should be continued slight improvement in those renewal rates
on product subs. Maintenance is quite small. It's not surprising to see churn rate increase on maintenance
as we've now formally announced the end-of-life of maintenance. And it's kind of the last chance to either
renew, convert or churn. And so we're seeing an increase in both renew -- I'm sorry, we're seeing an
increase in both convert and churn at the same time, which is in line with our expectations. And of course,
maintenance is a -- is quite a small element of our overall subscription base and our revenue base at this
point. So not surprising on that front. And I would expect to see that maintenance churn rate continue at a
higher than normal level through the end of the year.

Jason Vincent Celino
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Okay. And one for Andrew, really quick on Fusion 360, the net additions that you mentioned. Any way to
think about where those came from? Were they existing users or completely new users, and were they
using cloud before?

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Well, it's kind of all of them, all right? There were existing users that added more, so we've had
expansion. We're getting bigger and bigger Fusion installations, which is a good sign. There are also new
users at the low end of the market. We see a lot of users consolidating their CAM and design solutions at
the low end of the market into Fusion and moving forward with Fusion. So it's kind of a combination of all
those things. We saw some users converting from some of our hobbyist versions to commercial versions.
So it's across the whole spectrum. But really, the big drivers are we're selling more into accounts where
we had it, and we're selling more down market into accounts that are basically unifying their portfolios
inside of their operations.

Operator

And this is all the time we have today. I would now like to turn the call back over to Abhey Lamba for
closing remarks.

Abhey Rattan Lamba
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Joel, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Please reach out to us if you want to follow-
up on anything. This concludes our call for today. Thanks.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

AUTODESK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

