Autodesk, Inc. NasdaqGS:ADSK
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, February 27, 2020 10:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.90

0.92

2.22

0.88

2.78

2.79

0.36

4.41

891.06

899.30

0.92

912.05

3267.36

3274.30

0.21

3980.74

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-27-2020 4:50 PM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.47

0.61

0.72

0.90

0.45

0.65

0.78

0.92

(4.26 %)

6.56 %

8.33 %

2.22 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
AUTODESK, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Abhey Rattan Lamba
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Richard Scott Herren
Senior VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Brad Alan Zelnick
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Heather Anne Bellini
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Jay Vleeschhouwer
Griffin Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Matthew George Hedberg
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Philip Alan Winslow
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Saket Kalia
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Sterling Auty
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Tyler Maverick Radke
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AUTODESK, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Q4 Fiscal Year 2020 Autodesk
Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being
recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today,
Abhey Lamba, VP, Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir.

Abhey Rattan Lamba
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, operator, and good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the results for
our fourth quarter and full year fiscal '20. On the line is Andrew Anagnost, our CEO; and Scott Herren, our
CFO.

Today's conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available
at autodesk.com/investor. You can find the earnings press release, slide presentation and transcript of
today's opening commentary on our website following this call.

During the course of this conference call, we may make forward-looking statements about our outlook,
future results and strategies. These statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently
known to us. Actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to our SEC filings for important
risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those in our forward-looking
statements.

Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed
or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate
information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements.

During the call, we will quote a number of numerical growth changes as we discuss our financial
performance, and unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. All
non-GAAP numbers referenced in today's call are reconciled in the press release or the slide presentation
on our Investor Relations website.

And now I would like to turn the call over to Andrew.

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Abhey. We closed fiscal year '20 with outstanding Q4 results, with revenue, earnings and free
cash flow coming in above expectations. Recurring revenue grew 29%, and we delivered $1.36 billion
in free cash flow for the year. Our results were driven by strong growth in all geographies. This was a
landmark year for us in Construction as we absorbed our acquisitions and integrated our offerings under
one platform, the Autodesk Construction Cloud.

Subscriptions now represent around 85% of our revenue, and we exited the year with maintenance
contributing less than 10%. Fiscal year '20 marked the end of the business model transition for us, and we
are entering fiscal '21 firmly positioned to deliver strong sustainable growth through fiscal '23 and beyond.

It was 3 years ago that we first communicated our fiscal '20 free cash flow goal. We have delivered on that
goal, which is a testament to the adaptability and focused execution of the Autodesk ecosystem and the
power of our products. I want to acknowledge and thank our employees, partners, customers, long-term
investors and everyone who helped us achieve these results. While the path to delivering on our long-
term targets was not always smooth, everyone who stayed with us and believed in the transition has been
rewarded. Beyond that, the dramatically reduced upfront costs created by the subscription model have
enabled a whole new class of customers to purchase our most powerful tools, opening not only business
opportunities for our business, but for the businesses of our customers as well.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AUTODESK, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Before we get into our results and guidance, I want to mention that our thoughts are with those affected
by the coronavirus. The safety and security of our employees is our top priority. We are also minimizing
potential impact to our customers and partners. The events are not currently impacting our service
levels for our customers or our global R&D efforts. We will continue to monitor the situation and take
precautionary steps.

Now I will turn it over to Scott to give you more details on our results and fiscal '21 guidance. I'll then
return with a summary of some important recognitions we received and insights on key drivers of our
business, including updates on Construction, Manufacturing and our progress in monetizing noncompliant
users before we open it up to Q&A.

Richard Scott Herren
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, Andrew. As you heard from Andrew, we had strong performance across all metrics, with revenue,
earnings and free cash flow coming in above expectations. Demand in our end markets was strong as
indicated by our robust billings and current RPO growth. And the sum of our revenue growth plus free
cash flow margin for the year was 69%. Revenue growth in the quarter came in at 22% versus a strong
Q4 fiscal '19, with acquisitions contributing 3 percentage points of the growth. Strength in revenue was
driven by subscription revenue growth of 41%. For the full year, subscription revenue was up 53%. And as
Andrew mentioned, subscriptions now represent approximately 85% of our revenue. With the success of
our maintenance-to-subscription program, we exited the year with maintenance revenue contributing less
than 10% of the total.

Total ARR came in at $3.43 billion, up 25%. Core ARR grew 21%. And cloud ARR grew 102% to $255
million. When adjusted for acquisitions, cloud ARR grew an impressive 30% driven by strong performance
of BIM 360 Design.

Now that a year has passed since we completed the acquisitions, our entire Construction portfolio will be
organic starting first quarter of fiscal '21.

Moving on to details by product and geography. Starting with AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT, revenue grew
24% in the fourth quarter, again versus a strong Q4 fiscal '19 and 30% for the year. AEC grew 30% in Q4
and 35% for the year, while Manufacturing rose 15% in Q4 and 18% for the year. M&E was down 5% in
the quarter, primarily due to a large upfront transaction in the fourth quarter of last year. M&E revenue
was up 9% for the year.

Geographically, we saw broad-based strength across all regions. Revenue grew 21% in the Americas
and EMEA and 26% in APAC during the quarter. We also saw strength in direct revenue, which rose 26%
versus last year and represented 31% of our total sales, relatively in line with the fourth quarter of last
year. The strength in our direct business was driven by large enterprise business agreements and our
digital sales.

As we've indicated in the past, we plan to provide an annual update on our subs and annualized revenue
per subscription or ARPS performance. During the year, we grew total subscriptions 12% to 4.9 million,
with subscription plan growing 26%. We added 181,000 cloud subscriptions due to strong adoption of our
BIM 360 family products as well as 79,000 subscriptions from PlanGrid and BuildingConnected. ARPS grew
by 11% for the year to $704, with core ARPS growing by 10% to $798.

With only 1 quarter left in our maintenance-to-subscription or M2S program, we have approximately
400,000 maintenance subscriptions left. I'm proud to share that we have converted over 1 million
maintenance subscriptions to date. We'll be retiring maintenance after May 2021, then customers will
have one last opportunity to renew their maintenance or trade in their maintenance seat for a subscription
between now and May 2021. Please refer to the slide deck posted on our Investor Relations website for
additional details around the trade-in offer.

As expected and consistent with last quarter, the maintenance conversion rate was 40%. And of those that
migrated, upgrade rates came in at 26%. Net revenue retention rate was again within the 110% to 120%
range, continuing to demonstrate the growing strategic value we deliver to our existing customers.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AUTODESK, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Billings growth of 43% in the quarter and 55% for the year was driven by organic growth and as expected,
the normalization of our multiyear contracts. The strength in our multiyear commitments from our
customers is an indicator of the strategic importance and business-critical nature of our products. Our
long-term deferred revenue ended up slightly higher than we anticipated. But our multiyear business is at
a sustainable level and is not creating a headwind to our future free cash flows.

In fiscal '20, we delivered $1.36 billion in free cash flow, with $684 million coming in the fourth quarter,
delivering on a key goal we set out 3 years ago. We expect to post annual growth in our free cash flows
through fiscal '23 and beyond as net income will start driving a greater portion of our free cash flows
versus deferred revenue.

Our total remaining performance obligation of $3.6 billion is up 33%. And our current remaining
performance obligation of $2.4 billion grew 23%. On the margin front, we continue to realize significant
operating leverage due to strong revenue growth and diligent expense management. For the full year,
non-GAAP gross margins were very strong at 92%, up 2 percentage points from last year. Our non-GAAP
operating margin expanded by 12 percentage points to 25%. We are on track to deliver further margin
expansion and attain approximately 40% non-GAAP operating margin in fiscal '23.

Consistent with our capital allocation strategy, we continue to repurchase shares with excess cash. During
the fourth quarter, we purchased a little over 1 million shares for $191 million at an average purchase
price of $189.52 per share. During the year, we fully offset dilution from our equity plans, purchasing a
total of 2.7 million shares for $456 million at an average price of $168.63 per share.

And now I'll turn the discussion to our outlook. We've taken into account the current macro environment
and potential risk involved with any disruption. Our direct exposure to China is small and our experience
with past outbreaks showed limited impact to our sales. While we continue to monitor the situation more
broadly, we expect total revenue to grow 20% to 22% in fiscal '21 and expand non-GAAP operating
margin by about 5 percentage points.

During the year, we plan to deliver free cash flow in the range of $1.63 billion to $1.69 billion, up 20%
to 24%. When looking at the quarterization of free cash flow for fiscal '21, given normal seasonality and
strength of payment collections and large deals signed in the fourth quarter, we expect about 2/3 of our
free cash flow to be generated in the second half of the year.

Looking at our guidance for the first quarter. Our strength in the fourth quarter presents a tough
sequential compare. Given our normal seasonality, other revenue in Q1 is expected to be about half as
much as we experienced in Q4. The slide deck on our website has more details on modeling assumptions
for the fiscal first quarter and full year 2021.

And now I would like to turn it back to Andrew.

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Scott. We just closed a landmark fiscal year and delivered on the free cash flow target we set over
3 years ago when we began the business model transition. Now let me give you some details about what
is happening across our business.

First off, fiscal '20 was not only a year of financial achievements, but also a year where we increasingly
enabled our customers to realize more sustainable outcomes in their work. In fact, we were recognized
by the Corporate Knights for being in the top 5 of the world's most sustainable companies, and Barron's
ranked us 10th on their list of 100 most sustainable companies, making us the highest ranking software
company on both lists. This recognition is not only a testament to how responsibly we run our own
business but more importantly, how we help our customers meet their own sustainability goals, which
brings me to Construction.

Our Construction business had an outstanding year and ended the year with great momentum. We are
looking at Construction in a more connected way than ever before, and our offers are resonating with our
customers. The Autodesk Construction Cloud delivers advanced technology, a network of builders and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AUTODESK, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

the power of predictive analytics to drive projects from the earliest phases of design, through planning,
building and into operations. Customers are excited about the unified platform and are recognizing that
the breadth, depth and connectivity across our portfolio sets us apart from our competition.

For example, CRB, a design-build firm with offices across the U.S. and internationally, was using each
of our 4 products independently. When they understood our vision for Construction Cloud to deliver a
unified solution that integrates workflows connecting the office, trailer and field, CRB signed an enterprise
business agreement with Autodesk for the solutions offered under the Construction Cloud. They are
aligned with our vision of a unified solution that provides the entire construction life cycle, from design
through long-term maintenance, with all the design and make data they need in one place so information
is not siloed or lost and work gets done more efficiently. Leveraging data efficiently is critical to CRB's new
project execution concept, ONEsolution, which brings time, cost, quality and safety benefits to everyone
involved.

We provide the only truly connected solution for construction, and during the quarter, Metropolitan
Mechanical Contractors, MMC, a Revit customer, decided to go with our Construction solutions over a
competitor's. Based in Minnesota, MMC is a single-source solution for the design and build of complex
mechanical systems focused on quality, speed and sustainable outcomes, all driving towards a lower
cost of ownership. After completing a pilot with a competitor, MMC was ready to move forward with
the competitor, but they gave us one shot to demo our solutions due to our leadership in design.
After one demo, they chose our PlanGrid solution and also decided to increase the deal to include
BuildingConnected, 2 integral parts of the Autodesk Construction Cloud. The fast ramp time and the ability
to own their data, no matter what system a general contractor uses, were key differentiators and they
were impressed by the ease of pushing awarded bids to PlanGrid.

Selling synergies between our acquired sales teams and the Autodesk sales team also showed strong
momentum this year, and we expect it to be a business growth driver for us, both here in the U.S. and
internationally in FY '21. During the quarter, one of the largest mechanical subcontractors in Australia
increased their deployment of our solutions. Historically, the customer was using BIM 360 Docs on some
projects and was interested in using either PlanGrid or BIM 360 on additional projects. Our team explained
the value PlanGrid brings to the field and BIM 360 Docs brings to the office, highlighting the long-term
vision. Wanting to make a long-term investment and recognizing the power behind the integration, the
customers invested in our portfolio. As demonstrated by this example, we believe we are better positioned
than any other vendor to capitalize on the international opportunity, and we are aggressively investing in
fiscal '21 to expand our reach globally.

Other notable accomplishments of the year for our Construction business include: PlanGrid delivered
over $100 million in ARR, beating the target we laid out at the beginning of the year; BuildingConnected
crossed 1 million users; the acquired Construction solutions were included in 45 enterprise deals;
the product teams rolled out a comprehensive long-term product integration plan and over 300
enhancements.

I am very pleased with the progress our Construction business made in fiscal '20 and even more excited to
continue building our world-class platform.

We also made impressive strides in our core architecture market, where we continue to benefit from
customers migrating from 2D to 3D designs. Arcadis, a global design and consultancy firm, headquartered
in the Netherlands, substantially increased their engagements with us this quarter as they work to
become a leader in AI-driven design. Involved in some of the world's most complex projects, Arcadis is
aggressively transitioning from 2D to 3D collaborative workflows using Revit, Civil 3D, InfraWorks and
BIM 360. And they are not stopping there. We are assisting in their adoption of Generative Design with
Fusion 360 as they are reimagining traditional processes, like facade design, by exploring the redesign of
elements without restrictions of traditional design processes and manufacturability.

Moving to Manufacturing. We continue to gain share and deliver revenue growth of 15% for the quarter
and 18% for the year. Our advanced technology solutions are enabling our customers to migrate from
traditional workflows to operate more efficiently in the cloud. We added 20,000 Fusion 360 commercial

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AUTODESK, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

subscriptions this year, establishing us as the leading cloud-based multi-tenant design and make solutions
provider in the market.

During the quarter, Spinner Group, a German manufacturer of radio frequency technology, invested
in our Product Design & Manufacturing Collection over SolidWorks. Their decision was driven by the
comprehensive value of the collection and the ability to work with just one partner versus multiple vendors
for various point products.

In another example, one of the world's iconic guitar manufacturers standardized on Fusion 360 for design,
replacing SolidWorks and Rhino. The catalyst was collaboration as Fusion enables them to collaborate
across their acoustic, electric and PCB divisions for the first time ever.

We are also seeing our leadership in BIM drive business with building product manufacturers as they
need to fabricate products for buildings designed by our solutions. A multinational company, well
known in their industry for drywall gypsum boards, selected our Manufacturing Collection and our AEC
collection this quarter to extend their offerings from drywall to premanufactured building components
in the industrialized construction market. Our Design and Manufacturing solutions enable them to
develop machines and factories for production, and our AEC solutions enable them to connect and work
collaboratively with their customers.

Adoption of Generative Design is also continuing to drive business. For example, Goodyear used
Generative Design to optimize an internally produced hand tool. They were able to cut production time,
design the tool 4x faster and make the part 10x faster than would have been the case using a traditional
machining process. And by combining additive manufacturing with CNC machining, they reduced their
overall material cost and manufacturing time by 10x. Business results like these drove an increase in their
EBA investment as Goodyear continues to drive faster innovation in Design and Manufacturing.

Given that we just finished the Oscars, I also want to highlight some of the success we are having in Media
and Entertainment. Many Autodesk customers are recognized for their industry-leading work throughout
the year. One such example is LAIKA, an Oregon-based stop-motion animation studio recently nominated
for an Academy Award and winner of the 2020 Golden Globe for Best Animated Feature. LAIKA uses the
full breadth of the Autodesk Media and Entertainment portfolio, including 3ds Max, Maya and Shotgun
Software.

Now on to the progress with monetizing noncompliant users. Our ongoing investments in digital
transformation have helped us significantly in this area. As one indicator of this, I am excited to share that
this fiscal year, we signed 62 license compliance deals over $500,000 per deal. And 14 of those deals were
over $1 million. This is almost 3x the number we did in fiscal '19. The deals were across all regions and
almost 20% of the fiscal '20 deals over $500,000 were in China. We are very pleased with our success
in monetizing noncompliant users so far, and this remains a key long-term growth driver and area of
investment.

Moving forward, one of the key steps we are taking is moving to plans for people instead of serial
numbers. This will allow us to better serve our paying customers and will make our solutions harder to
pirate. Plans based on named users will give our customers visibility into their usage data, allowing them
to optimize their license costs and enable us to better understand their needs. We moved our single-user
subscriptions to named users in fiscal '20, and we'll also transition all of our multiuser subscriptions. This
will mark the final milestone in becoming a true SaaS company, giving us the ability to deliver incremental
value and customized services to our customers.

We are also introducing a premium plan that offers additional security, tailored administration capabilities,
support and reporting. Please refer to the appendix of the slide deck posted on our Investor Relations
website for more details.

To close, I would like to look back at the last few years and take a moment to highlight what we have
accomplished. 3 years ago, we set a free cash flow target of $1.4 billion. This year, we delivered on that
target. We did what we said we would do. We are executing well and know how to adapt and flex in

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AUTODESK, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

changing market conditions. We know how to manage our journey and have proven that with our fiscal '20
results.

Looking out to fiscal '23 and beyond, I am more confident than ever in our strategy and the team
executing on it. We will continue to deliver great value to our customers with our connected and
comprehensive platform in Construction. We expect to keep gaining share in the manufacturing market as
it moves to the cloud with less siloed workflows. And over time, we are going to increasingly monetize the
noncompliant user base.
We look forward to seeing many of you at our Investor Day on March 25, where we will have more time to
share our strategic initiatives. With that, operator, we would now like to open the call up for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AUTODESK, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Saket Kalia from Barclays Capital.

Saket Kalia
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I'll focus my questions on some of the pricing changes here and maybe start with you, Andrew. You talked
about the introduction of the standard and premium plan. Could you just dig into what types of customers
you think would opt for premium? And sort of broad brush, how big of your base could that premium plan
sort of cohort be over time?

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Yes. All right. So the standard plan already exists. So remember, the standard plan is just the subscription
we have today. And I think one of the ways you want to think about premium is kind of like a mini
enterprise agreement without the consumption element. So it's going to appeal to some of our larger
accounts that get serviced through the channel. And it's going to appeal to them for a couple of reasons,
all right? First off, some of the things that are included in the premium plan include a single sign-on
support through active directory. So this is the way that the customer can manage their named user set
and deploy a single sign-on across it. It's easier for them to manage the users. It's more secure because
you can turn on and turn off users really quickly. So that right there is a huge benefit.

The other thing that we're consolidating in, and this is something a lot of our customers already have, is
something called an ETR, which stands for Extra Territorial Rights. And that is something we've always
sold on top of our traditional licensing to allow them to distribute licenses to subsidiaries outside of their
-- outside of where their corporate headquarters are, all right? So that's another thing that's included in
there, obviously, another thing that appeals to larger accounts that are serviced by our channel.

The other thing that they're going to get is analytics capability, where -- all of our customers are going to
get analytics capability. But what's going to show up in the premium plan is much deeper. We're actually
going to be making proactive suggestions with some of the analytics about how they can optimize and get
more out of their investment with Autodesk or optimize their investment with Autodesk more precisely
than they do. They also get a slightly closer relationship with Autodesk through the support terms that
we provide. So you can see that it's going to appeal to larger accounts. I'm not going to give you a
percentage of the base in terms of what that means. We could try. But that's who it's going to appeal to.
And I think you could see how we've naturally introduced it at the same time that we've introduced the
discussion around ending the multiuser licensing because it allows you to manage named users a lot more
effectively.

Saket Kalia
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

That makes sense. And that actually dovetails into my follow-up question for you, Scott. Can you just talk
about that shift of multiuser to named user licensing? I guess specifically, what have your studies or sort
of anecdotes shown on -- how many sort of named accounts there are for -- or named users there are for
each multiuser license, if that makes sense?

Richard Scott Herren
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, yes. It does, Saket. And as you would imagine, that's something we looked pretty hard at as we
designed the end of sale of multiuser and what that trade-in program would look like. And it runs right
around 2:1. In other words, 2 named users end up being, on average, being served by 1 multiuser license.
So that's the reason we set the trade out and programmed the way we did. I think for some customers,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AUTODESK, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

they will end up needing a few more single users to support their base, if they were running a little hotter
than that. And for some, they will probably make the trade-in program, and in the future, there may be a
chance for them to either rightsize that or take the additional budget and hop into premium with that. So
it's a -- it was designed right around the average of what we see in terms of actual usage today.

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Because you asked about that trade-in program, I just want to make sure that we're all clear about the
why of that program because there was a couple of customer whys, and there's a couple of Autodesk
whys. From a customer standpoint, a lot of our multiuser customers already have named user licenses in
their accounts. They're living in what we affectionately call "hybrid hell" inside the company, where they're
trying to manage 2 types of different systems. This will put them all on our new subscription back end.
So it essentially brings all of these customers that live in hybrid environments into our new back-end and
provide them all with the same analytics that the named users are getting. So there's going to be a lot of
customer benefits associated with it, especially when you layer on premium because of the control and
security it's going to give you.

For Autodesk, this gets us one step further to retiring older systems that are based on serial numbers,
systems that kind of we have to maintain, systems that have sync issues that get in the way of us
knowing more about our customers. So we're going to have more knowledge about our customers. We're
going to have more information about what they're doing. And we're going to be able to service them a lot
better.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Phil Winslow from Wells Fargo.

Philip Alan Winslow
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

And congrats on a great close to the year. I just wanted to focus in on the different industry verticals here
that you sell into, obviously, your Manufacturing, AEC. And obviously, there's a difference sort of between
geos there. Wondering if you could provide us just sort of some more color on sort of how you closed out
the year there and sort of how you're thinking about the forward guide sort of industry vertical, geo?

Richard Scott Herren
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Bill. And you may not have had a chance, I know it's a busy night for everyone, but we
posted some details by both geography and by product family on the slide deck that's on the website. And
what you see is we were really strong in both. We were strong in all 3 geos, both in the quarter and for
the full year, and across all product sets. I think the one anomaly, and we talked about this in the opening
commentary, was in Media and Entertainment, which actually showed a slight decline for the quarter year-
on-year and that was really driven by one large multiyear upfront transaction that was done in Q4 a year
ago that skewed that. For the full year, Media and Entertainment grew about 9%.

So we really saw strength across the board. Our expectation looking into fiscal '20, I mean, you can
see we go from an overall revenue growth rate of about 27% this year to one that's in the 20% to 22%
range next year. Part of that is that there was about 3 points of added inorganic growth to our fiscal '20
numbers. So it takes it down to about 24% compared to 20% to 22% next year, which is just the law of
large numbers. In absolute terms, we see growth in revenue and a strong percent growth next year as
well. Any color you want to add, Andrew?

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

No -- yes. I mean the only color is our M&E business, because of its size, it just continues to be sensitive
to large deals. It always has been, because of its size, and even the subsegments within it are sensitive to
large deals. That's just the nature of that business.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AUTODESK, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Philip Alan Winslow
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Got it. And then also just in terms of the opportunity with the noncompliant users, obviously, you called
out some pretty significant changeover. I mean obviously, at the Analyst Day last year, you talked about, I
think it was about 1.7 million still in the base. When you think about just the growth that you saw in your
overall user base this year, how much of it would you call sort of just core growth versus actually shifting
those noncompliant users over? It's for the non...

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

So most of it's -- yes, sorry. Sorry, Phil. Most of it's core growth, Phil. So -- but as I've said consistently
over and over again, we're getting better and better at talking to, understanding and converting these
noncompliant users. That's why we gave you some of those stats, as you can understand, directionally,
how this effort is going. Every year, it's going to continue to get better and better and better. Our
investment, both from a systems side and from our people side, in terms of people that actually handle
directly noncompliant negotiations with customers are going up. So you're going to see this consistent
performance. And most of that growth is just the core growth. But I hope you're getting a sense for how
this noncompliant usage starts to become quite an engine as we move forward.

Philip Alan Winslow
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I meant to say 12, not 1 7. Sorry about that. All right.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Matt Hedberg from RBC Capital Markets.

Matthew George Hedberg
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Congrats on a really strong end of the year. I guess for either Andrew or Scott, curious, Andrew or Scott,
I think you mentioned you're taking into account the current macro with the coronavirus, and exposure
to China is small. I guess I'm wondering how do you think about the broader APAC region, Japan or other
regions. And sort of have you seen anything yet thus far a month into the quarter?

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Yes, I'm glad you asked this question. First off, the whole coronavirus situation is a human situation.
It's kind of a human tragedy. And the best thing that can happen here for all of us is that it just gets
resolved and contained relatively quickly and there's a vaccine next year for the next flu season. But from
a business perspective, how it impacts you is it depends on your business, and we've looked pretty deeply
at our business. And here's kind of a lay of the land I'll give you. If you are a software vendor that's
exposed to big deals from especially large industrials that have kind of global supply chain disruption,
you're going to feel some effects from this, all right? That's not us. In addition, if you're in the travel
industry, obviously, you're going to feel some effects from this.

But here's what's different about Autodesk, and here's why I want to help you understand how we look
at the business and why we took into account some China effects in Q1, but we don't see longer-term
effects at this point, okay? Now I will say, if this becomes a pandemic, all bets are off and we'll have a
different discussion. But right now, our business is what we call almost micro-verticalized. We cut across
lots of different verticals. And it's not just industrial verticals, it's company-sized verticals. We go from the
biggest to the smallest. Our business, especially in the first half of the year, is not heavily dependent on
large deals and large companies, particularly large industrials. So we don't see that kind of sensitivity in
our business.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AUTODESK, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

But in addition, and I think this is super important for you to understand, it's one of the great things
about being an indirect company, our business happens hyper-locally. And what I mean by that is the
VARs, especially in APAC, that transact with the customers are actually new to customers, all right? You're
not dealing with a situation where people travel or there's a diaspora of salespeople heading in various
directions to get the business done. Customers need our software. They need our softwares now. And the
VARs are there. So this combination of this micro-verticalization is spread across various companies of
various sizes. And it's hyper-locality of our business is why when SARS hit last round, we didn't see much
impact on our business.

So right now, what we've done, we looked at China. Obviously, we just said, all right, more China. China
was already having issues as well. So we've prudently looked at Q1 with regards to China, looked at
the short-term impacts. But we don't see right now any other impacts in our business. Of course, like I
said earlier, if the pandemic hits, we'll have a different discussion. But right now, I just want you to pay
attention to that notion of highly verticalized, micro verticals, different customer segments and hyper-
local, which is a great advantage of where we're at.

Richard Scott Herren
Senior VP & CFO

And Matt, if I could just tag on to that because there may be some confusion also with our Q1 guide
relative to what's out there in FactSet. And of course, what's in FactSet is unguided on a quarterly basis.
It's interesting that it shows sequential growth that consensus does from Q4, which, of course, is not what
we experienced last year. Since we've made the shift last year, we saw a sequential decline and even saw
a sequential decline last year despite the fact that Q4 of '19 only had a month of PlanGrid included and Q1
had an entire quarter of PlanGrid included and we still saw a sequential decline. What drives that, by the
way, is not a recurring revenue decline. And as we look at our guide for Q1 of fiscal '21, we're not seeing a
recurring revenue decline.

What we are seeing is, and we've talked about this in the past, this license and other line, it's always the
biggest in the fourth quarter. It has to do with -- largely to do with some products that we sell on a ratable
basis, but the accounting still requires them to be recognized upfront. So if you look at our license and
other line in the fourth quarter, the quarter we just announced, it was $42 million. And we think it will be
about half that big in Q1. That's really what's driving the sequential decline. And so without commenting
on how FactSet got to $910 million, I'll tell you, it's not a -- we haven't taken into account a significant
headwind from coronavirus. We expect our recurring revenue to actually show slight growth sequentially
gain.

Matthew George Hedberg
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

That's fantastic. Great color. And then maybe just one more for you, Scott. You're not guiding to ARR,
which I think most of us expected given it's not a perfect metric for you guys like we saw in Q3. I'm just
sort of curious if you could provide a little bit more color on that. And do you still think you'll talk to like
your fiscal '23 ARR targets at some point?

Richard Scott Herren
Senior VP & CFO

Matt, we're not talking about it. And you nailed it. It's because of some of the anomalies in the way we
defined ARR. And we've talked about this extensively on the Q3 call in relation to our Q4 guide. It was
a great metric as we were going through the transition. And our P&L had a mix of significant amount of
upfront plus ratable. You needed to see how we were building that recurring revenue base.

At this point, we've built a recurring revenue base of 96% of our total revenues, right? So doing ARR,
which when I gave you an annual number, was in effect saying what's the fourth quarter recurring revenue
and multiplying it by 4, it didn't accumulate through the year. That's why we pulled back on the metric.
I think you get as good, if not better, insight from just tracking revenue and knowing that 96% of that is
recurring. You will still be able to calculate it, by the way. I don't plan on focusing on it during these calls.
But if you look at our P&L, if you remember, the way we calculated ARR was subscription plus maintenance
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AUTODESK, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

revenue actual reported for the quarter times 4. We'll continue to report on those line items. So you'll
continue to be able to track it if you want. I just think it's a less reliable metric of where we're headed
than revenue or current RPO, which you see in our results, current RPO is up 23%.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities.

Jay Vleeschhouwer
Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division

Andrew, Scott, you used the word aggressively during your prepared remarks, I believe, to refer to
internal investments you'll be making. And on that point, you now have, by far, a record number of
openings in sales-related positions.

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Do we?

Jay Vleeschhouwer
Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division

The highest -- yes. Yes. By far, the highest I have counted in 8 years. And it's for territorial account execs,
named accounts, inside sales, license compliance. And so the question is, how are you thinking about
that as a principal cost driver to your expense targets this year? And more importantly, the production
or revenue production effects that you would expect from that kind of substantial onboarding of sales
capacity.

Number two, you used to give a metric prior to the transition of your annual license volume. And the
last reported numbers in the way you used to calculate it were about 600,000 to 650,000 licenses. If we
continue to follow that method and impute the volume of your business, you are now, it seems, well above
those last given numbers from a few years ago. It would seem now the consumption of Autodesk product
licenses, including, in particular, collections, is now in the high 6 figures, so well above prior levels. So
would you concur with that calculation that your intrinsic demand, consumption of Autodesk product is
well above what it used to be under the old way of counting?

And then finally, with regard to the changes in pricing towards single-user preference, would there be an
implicit connection there, Andrew, to your view of an eventual consumption model? Can you get there only
if you do, in fact, have this kind of named user pricing?

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Okay. That was -- you asked 2 follow-ups to the question. Okay. So first off, let me start back to your
first question about investments. So I want -- I'll speak for Scott, and then Scott can speak for Scott.
I want to make sure you're clear. We are not losing any of our spend discipline at all, all right? We're
actually investing below our capacity to kind of make sure that we're staying in line with things. You're
seeing some of the areas we're investing in go to market. We're also investing in R&D. We're investing
big in Construction. That shouldn't surprise you. But we're also investing in Fusion. We're investing in
architecture with some of the things we're doing around generative and other types of things for architects
and Revit as well. We're also in investing in our digital infrastructure. So yes, we are investing, all right?
And we said we would invest but we're investing prudently, we're investing smartly, and we're excited
about it, all right, because we see a lot of return from the investments we make. And we've been very
deliberate about this.

Now on your second point about the license growth. I'm not going to comment specifically on that. But I
can -- one thing I can tell you is that the lower upfront cost of our products and the way we're going to
market now, it makes a difference, okay? Too many people spend a lot of time talking to the customers of
our old maintenance customers and how this transition has been hard on them, and they're confused and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AUTODESK, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

they're not sure. But there is a whole swath of customers that are just sitting there going, how did all of
this stuff gets so cheap, all right? And that seems to be the forgotten people. And yes, they're coming in,
they're excited about our products. Some of them are using Revit when they never thought they could use
Revit. Or they're using Inventor, or they're using Max. And if you've seen some of the things we've done
with Max, where we have an indie version of Max. And I mean there's a whole gamut of flexibility we've
layered out there for people that really changes the way people buy our software and who is buying it and
who is paying for it. And it is an exciting change. And yes, it has impacts on it, without saying more about
the specifics of what you asked for there.

Now your third question, and I remembered all 3. Now about this move to named user. Look, we -- it's
imperative for us to complete the transition to SaaS excellence to be a named user company. And once
you get people to named users, you're also getting them on our new subscription back-end infrastructure,
which is super important. And as you correctly said, that back-end infrastructure provides new types of
flexibility that weren't available in the previous hybrid world of dangling on some of the serial number-
based systems and some of the other systems.

So what you're going to see over the next 12 to 24 months is increasingly rolling out more flexibility to
our customers with regards to how they can apply this named user capability in multiple ways. And you've
mentioned consumption. The premium plan is kind of a layer in that direction. So you're right in assuming
that we're going to be able to do much more flexible things with our customers as a result of what we've
done. It's been a heavy lift to get here, all right? It's been an absolute heavy lift, but we're going to be 24
months from here. And our customers are going to be looking back and saying, I don't know what I was
complaining about because this is a better way to engage with Autodesk.

Scott, did you have something to add?

Richard Scott Herren
Senior VP & CFO

I would be remiss on your first question if I didn't add -- besides, we're continuing to maintain spend
discipline, it was -- we built it up pretty diligently over the 4 years of staying flat in spend. That's not
going away. But I think you also have to look at the increased spend, not as increased spend, but we're
increasing margin. We're at a point in our growth story where we can both increase spend to drive future
growth and increase margins. So we added 12 points to our operating margin in fiscal '20. You see the
midpoint of our guide, we're adding 5 more points to our op margin in fiscal '21. And we've said it's going
to be 40% by the time we get to fiscal '23.

So the conversation around spend, while interesting if what you're looking for is where are we investing,
that's a good conversation to have. You should know, and everyone should be confident, we continue to
manage that very diligently.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini from Goldman Sachs.

Heather Anne Bellini
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Most of mine have been asked, but I just -- I wanted to follow up on the multiuser pricing change that
you had. And I totally understand, Andrew, your comments about kind of you need to go to a named user
pricing model. But just wondering if there was anything you could share with us about maybe the impact
that, that helped drive in the quarter that just ended. And how you're thinking about -- like what reactions
been -- what has the reaction been from customers who are going to convert to this so far? What's their
feedback to you on it?

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

So great. Great question, Heather. Good to hear from you. Let me give you some color here. So first off,
we did increase the price of new multiuser licenses, new, all right? And renew is exactly the same price,
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AUTODESK, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

all right? So it was a 33% increase in multiuser. This is going to have very little impact on our existing
customers, all right? The reason we did it was very simple. Between now and May, when the 2-for-1 starts
in earnest, we've now set the price so that gaming is removed from the system. So what we didn't want
to see was this kind of like sudden hoarding of multiuser licenses heading into the May 2-for-1. And that's
why we did this. So it was basically a signal like, hey, here's where we're going, we're heading into this
new direction. We did not pull any materially significant business forward into Q4. This had no material
effect on our Q4 results. And to be very clear, let me repeat that. No material effect on our Q4 results, all
right? This was purely a hygienic change to line up everything to the 2-for-1 offer, right? Most customers
will not see a huge impact from this, except for the few that are going to be adding some multiuser
licenses in there.

It's really too early to hear what the customer impact is. We did hear from some of our early evangelists,
and as a result, we were able to kind of adjust some aspects of the program and do a few things that kind
of addressed some of their concerns. But so far, it's too early.

Richard Scott Herren
Senior VP & CFO

And Heather, I wouldn't expect a huge amount of pushback on that -- yes, this is Scott. I wouldn't expect
a huge amount of pushback on that, given that we designed it to be 2-for-1, both in terms of price if you
buy a new multiuser now, but at the trade-in point, because that's what we see as the average number of
single user or named users that are being served by a multiuser license. So it should be fairly neutral to
most of our customers.

Heather Anne Bellini
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Okay. Great. And then I just had one follow-up, if I may, just about the construction market and the deals
you closed there in the quarter. Could you share with people kind of is this typically a greenfield market
where there is no incumbent provider, except maybe Excel or Notebooks? Or is this one where when
you're closing business now, it's -- is there any legacy replacement of a vendor? And just kind of how do
you look out and see the competitive environment?

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Yes, for the most part, you're going in and you're digitizing a process from scratch for them. Now we do
have a competitor we compete with frequently, we're winning and beating them more and more. And
we've actually kicked them out of some of our accounts because our customers do not like their business
model. And that will increasingly make it easy to kick them out of our accounts. It's just not a good long-
term business model.

So we do have competitors that go into the same accounts. But essentially, what you're doing is you're
replacing analog with digital. And -- or you're replacing email on mobile devices with some kind of process
and process control. Now as we get deeper and deeper into preconstruction planning, model-based
construction management, interdisciplinary digital twins and all of the things that kind of buildout on this,
you actually start fundamentally changing the customers' processes. But Heather, you're essentially right.
You're replacing analog with digital. And that's where the money is, and that's where we're going.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Brad Zelnick from Crédit Suisse.

Brad Alan Zelnick
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

And first, I just want to follow up on Heather's question on Construction. It's great to see the enthusiasm
in Construction Cloud. Can you talk about some of the learnings from combining the product portfolio
and how you'll be more competitive in fiscal '21? And also, how big of a component of your mix can
Construction Cloud become as we approach your fiscal '23 target?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AUTODESK, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Okay. So first, let me answer you about the customer reaction to Construction Cloud and one of
the things we learned. So one of the first things we learned is that we had a winner in BIM 360 Docs
because what we did, we were building kind of this next-generation platform, and it just so happens that
all the acquired solutions hooked incredibly nicely into this platform, which is super important because
if you want to compete both inside the infrastructure business with the Department of Transportation
and internationally, you need what's called an ISO compliance common data environment, which is what
Docs is going to be providing for our customers. So it's actually a huge competitive advantage to have
this environment. And we learned pretty quickly that the work we were doing with Docs really kind of
played nicely into that. We also learned pretty quickly that we have a huge mobile advantage with what
we've done with the PlanGrid products and what the PlanGrid team has done. And we're leveraging that
advantage and expanding it into other parts of our portfolio.

We also discovered that the building network of BuildingConnected that, by the way, is getting integrated
with PlanGrid and getting integrated with some of these other solutions, is an amazingly important asset,
not only to our customers but to us in terms of understanding the construction climate.

We also have learned what it takes to go internationally. So one of the things that we're well positioned
to do better than anyone, and we're investing pretty heavily in this, is international expansion for our
Construction portfolio. Construction is an international business, it always has been, it's local, but it's
also international. And between our investment in the common data environment, go-to-market standup
in various places, you're going to see us start to grow internationally pretty significantly. And there's
nobody that we compete with that can actually do some of the things that we're doing there in terms of
the construction environment.

Now there was another part to your question. I want to make sure I answer it because I got carried away
on what we learned. What was the second parter there, Brad?

Brad Alan Zelnick
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

The second part was just asking how big of a component of your mix Construction Cloud can become as
we look to fiscal '23?

Richard Scott Herren
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, Brad, thanks for that. I don't certainly want to get into giving that kind of granularity on our fiscal '23
guidance. So what -- I'll give you a couple of comments though that we've said a few times in the past
and still believe. Construction is the next $1 billion business for Autodesk. And I think it's -- what you see
is on the -- in the wake of the transactions we did in the fourth quarter last year, we've done a great job
integrating those. We haven't lost any momentum in those acquired companies and in fact, have seen an
updraft in our organic Construction business as a result of that. So it's growing on a really nice path at this
point. You've seen what the inorganic piece looks like in our results.

Looking at our total cloud growth gives you a good sense because BIM 360 is the organic piece of our
Construction business and it's the biggest piece of our cloud results. So you get an overall sense of where
Construction is headed for us. And it's a sizable business and will continue to grow. But I don't want to get
into trying to give you a, here's the, let me start to break down the components of our fiscal '23 targets.

Brad Alan Zelnick
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

No. That's helpful, Scott. I appreciate it. And if I could just sneak in a quick follow-up for you about
long-term deferreds, which were much higher than we expected, just given your continued traction of
multiyear. How should we think about long-term deferreds going forward, especially as you make changes
to some of your multiuser products?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

AUTODESK, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Richard Scott Herren
Senior VP & CFO

Now that's a great question. So thanks for asking it. And obviously, the long-term deferreds are a result of
multiyear, right, of multiyear sales. And we said this is the year we expect multiyear sales to revert back
to the mean, all right, to the what we had seen when we sold multiyear on maintenance historically. And
that -- what you see that -- one of the effects of that is, of course, it drives long-term deferred revenue,
and that's what you're seeing in our results.

I thought midyear that this was going to get -- that long-term deferred as a percent of total deferred
revenue would be in the mid-20% range. It's a couple of points higher than that as we've analyzed that,
again, we're keeping a close eye on how multiyear is running as we've analyzed it. I still feel like that's
at a sustainable level, and it's below what we saw with maintenance. When we offered almost the exact
same offer for 3 years paid upfront on maintenance, long-term deferred got up to 30% of total deferred at
that point. I don't see us getting to that level. In fact, I think long-term deferred moderates a bit looking
at fiscal '21 as a percent of total deferred versus where it is. But we'll stay on top of that. And to the
extent we need to make an adjustment in that offering, we'll make that adjustment. I certainly don't want
to see that run at a level that's unobtainable -- or unsustainable.

I think the -- what may be implied in your question that you didn't ask is, is this going to create a
headwind for free cash flow. And so besides the comments I just made on kind of the steady state that
I see multiyear getting to, bear in mind one other fact, and we've talked about this but not since last
Investor Day, that as we look from fiscal '20 out through fiscal '23, more and more of our free cash flow,
in fact, the majority beginning this year of our free cash flow, will come from net income as opposed to
coming off the balance sheet and growth in deferred revenue, right? So as we scale both the top line and
improve our margins out through fiscal '23, more and more of the cash flow comes right off the P&L in net
income versus coming in growth in deferred.

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

And this is some place where I have to chime in just a little bit since you mentioned the free cash flow
ramp. One of the things I want to make sure we all kind of like think up on here. When you look back 3
years, here we are 3 years later, okay, the business ended up free cash flow-wise where we expected it
to be. The path had numerous twists and turns, numerous puts and takes. We modeled it according to
certain assumptions. We've adjusted the assumptions as we went along. We have an execution machine
that knows how to adapt. I just want you to remember, when we give you 3-year targets, we are fairly
confident we know where we're going and we know how the free cash flow is going to ramp. And we know
it's going to continue to ramp. We also know how to adjust as we execute through here and how to move
forward and make sure things happen the way they need to happen.

And I just told you before, the safest assumption is to assume we're going to do what we tell you we're
going to do. And if there was any kind of hidden things, like Scott said in that question, I want you to
know, we've got our handles on the controls here for this business.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty from JPMorgan.

Sterling Auty
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

2 questions on the Construction area. The first one is when you look at your solutions now, where are the
biggest pockets of users in your customer base? So is it GC, subcontractors, owners, et cetera, just to
understand where you're seeing the biggest buying power at the moment?

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

AUTODESK, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Okay. So right now, GCs are some of our biggest customers. Subs are starting to ramp up quite
significantly, all right, because remember, with the BuildingConnected network, we have a lot of access
to subs now. So we're engaged with the subs ecosystem in a way that we were never before. GCs are
the biggest buyers, but you'll also be surprised interdisciplinary engineering firms are big buyers as
well because of their intimate connection to construction planning processes and things associated with
that. But yes, it's starting with the GCs, but it's been moving down markets quite significantly as we've
matured.

Richard Scott Herren
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. We have an example in the opening commentary of a significant subcontractor.

Sterling Auty
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

All right. And then the one follow-up would be there's a lot of components that make up that Construction
ecosystem, from project management to bid management, to the financials, et cetera. Can you highlight
with the solutions that you have, where do you think your biggest areas of strength within that group is
today? And directionally, where do you see building out that portfolio?

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So there's 2 anchors of strength that we have that are pretty deep. One is field execution. We are,
by far, massively advantaged in the field execution side. The other area is closer to the front end of the
process is in preconstruction planning. There's another area where we've brought tools and capabilities
close to the building information model and all the things associated with that, that are pretty powerful.

Now there's one kind of thin layer of technology where we've been playing catch-up, and actually, it's not
really a very deep technological moat, to be honest, but it's in project management and in project costing.
That's something where we've been investing a lot. It's where a lot of the R&D investment has gone. That
gap is closing incredibly rapidly. The team is just pounding out enhancements. And that's the area we pay
attention to because it's not technologically sophisticated, but it's important. And it's one of the areas that
we've deployed to add those things. And that will allow us to connect field and preconstruction planning in
a way that other people simply can't.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Tyler Radke from Citi.

Tyler Maverick Radke
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

So maybe you could just talk about this new pricing you're doing on the multiuser, that named user, and
maybe just frame it in the context of some of the other pricing changes you've made. And in terms of
financial benefit, what's kind of the time frame that you expect to see the uplift play out? And should we
be thinking this as kind of a possible source of upside relative to the existing '23 targets, which were put
out before this plan was announced?

Andrew Anagnost
President, CEO & Director

So Tyler, are you referring to the premium plan? Or are you referring to the new multiuser price, the
question I answered earlier? The pricing on multiuser, we don't see a significant upside being generated
by that. That was a tactical pricing action designed to prevent gaming as we headed into the 2-for-1
exchange in May. So it's not -- that is not an accretive change that kind of is going to drive business.
The bigger story is the premium plan that layers on top of the multiuser plan, that will be a long-term
continuing opportunity for us. And it should be one of those things that increases your confidence in our
ability to hit our FY '23 targets, all right? And I think that's kind of the way you should look at it.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

AUTODESK, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Scott, did you want to add anything?

Richard Scott Herren
Senior VP & CFO

No, I think that's right. I think the gist of your question, Tyler, was around multiuser. And we did touch on
that earlier. And I think the only thing I would add, again, is that the way we set the price and the trade-
in program around multiuser, moving them all to named user, was in sync with the -- our analysis of how
many named users today are being supported by a given multiuser. So it should be pretty much a wash
for most of our multiuser customers.

Tyler Maverick Radke
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Great. And as I think about the premium plan, it sounds like that's a multiyear event. I mean as I think
about the existing '23 targets, I mean, those have been out there for a number of years now. Any chance
that come Analyst Day that maybe we look at targets beyond that? Or what's kind of your -- how are you
thinking about kind of long-term targets now that '23 isn't that far away?

Richard Scott Herren
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. I'm not -- I think I feel good about the targets that we've laid out for fiscal '23. Let me start there.
And we sort of glossed over it, given all the other news that's in the environment, but I'm pretty proud
of the fact that we hit the number that we laid out 3 years ago for free cash flow at the end of fiscal '21,
which was no small task given the amount of transition we still had to go through and the changes we
made in execution to get there. So we probably ought to start there. That's a big stake in the ground, a
big milestone for us.

Looking out to fiscal '23, I feel equally confident in our ability to hit the targets that we've got out there
of $2.4 billion in free cash flow. Looking beyond that, I think we will continue to see the same trends that
drive growth out through fiscal '23, of course, extending beyond that. I think the relative magnitude of
some of those will change. Obviously, Construction will be a bigger driver as we go further out in time. I
think where we're headed with Fusion in the manufacturing world will become a bigger driver further out
in time. But many of the same drivers that get us to those '23 targets will extend well beyond fiscal '23.
I'm not inclined at this point to put another quantitative target out though beyond fiscal '23.

Operator

At this time, I am showing no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Abhey Lamba for
closing remarks.

Abhey Rattan Lamba
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We look forward to seeing you at our Analyst
Day on March 25 at our San Francisco office. Please reach out if you have any questions following today's
call or would like to register for the Analyst Day. With that, we can end the call. Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

AUTODESK, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

