American Electric Power Company, Inc. 

NasdaqGS:AEP
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, April 22, 2021 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.17

1.15

(1.71 %)

1.12

4.67

4.98

Revenue  (mm)

4336.40

4300.00

(0.84 %)

4202.05

16091.61

17109.59

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-21-2021 11:11 PM GMT

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.05

1.48

0.79

1.17

1.08

1.47

0.87

1.15

2.86 %

(0.68 %)

10.13 %

(1.71 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Darcy Reese
Managing Director of Investor
Relations

Julia A. Sloat
Executive VP & CFO

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

ANALYSTS

Andrew Marc Weisel
Scotiabank Global Banking and
Markets, Research Division

Durgesh Chopra
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the American Electric Power First
Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being
recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Ms. Darcy Reese, Vice President of Investor
Relations. Please go ahead.

Darcy Reese
Managing Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, Toni. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the first quarter 2021 earnings call for
American Electric Power. We appreciate you taking the time to join us today. Our earnings release,
presentation slides and related financial information are available on our website at aep.com.

Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may
cause future results to differ materially from these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a
discussion of these factors.

Joining me this morning for opening remarks are Nick Akins, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive
Officer; and Julie Sloat, our Chief Financial Officer. We will take your questions following their remarks.

I will now turn the call over to Nick.

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Thanks, Darcy, and welcome again, everyone, to American Electric Power's First Quarter 2021 Earnings
Call, and Happy Earth Day. Before I get started with our results for the quarter, I just have to say I was
struck with the public relation -- public reactions to the Chauvin verdict, has been a long wait, but justice
and faith in our legal system does prevail. I bring this up because it happens. I had chosen a song, which
I do every quarter, as you know, for a different reason, but now it serves 2 purposes. One of the most
mesmerizing singers I ever heard was the late Marvin Gaye. I thought of a song when actually thinking
about our quarter and the multitude of activities that AEP continues to accomplish and was thinking of
what's going on, the Marvin Gaye hit from 1971, written during another tumultuous time in America. This
song was a plea for peace, justice and understanding perspectives to move forward in a positive way
together.

As I said, this song was released in 1971, 50 years ago, but it could not be more appropriate today. We
need our leaders, our communities and, indeed, our companies to continue to come together and stop the
divisiveness, which the new cycle tends to feed off of and recognize that we have a lot more in common
than our differences. That would be a great start to advancing this nation in a positive way.

That being said, getting to my original purpose, as I said earlier, what's going on with AEP, as the lyric say,
"Hey, man, what's happening? Everything is everything." We're going to do a get down today, boy, I'll tell
you. So here we go.

The first quarter of 2021 came in with operating earnings of $1.15 per share versus $1.02 for first
quarter '20, which met our expectations, particularly given winter storm Yuri's impact in Texas, Arkansas,
Louisiana, Oklahoma, which we reported on in the last quarter's earnings call. AEP continues to reaffirm
our 2021 guidance range of $4.55 to $4.75 per share and our 5% to 7% long-term growth rate. And we
would still be disappointed not to be in the upper half of the guidance range.

It's hard to believe it's been over a year since we entered into the pandemic. I continue to be impressed
by the resiliency of our employees, their dedication and commitment to our customers and communities.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

We continue to practice social distancing, are encouraging vaccinations and looking forward to putting
COVID in the rearview mirror.

As we look towards the future, we are seeing our communities starting to rebound from the shadow of the
pandemic. Job growth and electric consumption show continued improvement, supporting our view that
the economy within our service territory will continue to rebound.

While our normalized load was down 1.9% for the quarter, this is largely attributable to the onetime Yuri
weather event in February. If not for the disruptive impact of the storm on manufacturing and the supply
chain, we believe our load growth would have been more robust. And other key sign posts continue to
point towards a healthy recovery in 2021. Julie will be covering this in more detail later.

We continue to make significant progress in diversifying our generation fleet. Last week, we proudly
commissioned the first of our 3 projects that make up our $2 billion North Central wind investment. On
April 14, the 199-megawatt Sundance Wind Energy Center came online on budget despite the challenges
of COVID-19 and extreme weather. Commercial operation of the project means our PSO and SWEPCO
Louisiana and Arkansas customers will start saving on their energy bills by taking advantage of this clean,
low-cost wind resource.

We continue to look forward to the Maverick and Travers projects coming online at the end of 2021 and
early 2022, respectively.

At EEI, we announced the retirement of several fossil plants, which, combined with previously announced
retirements, results in 8,000 megawatts of planned retirements and expiring PPAs over the next 10 years.
This drives the need for incremental capacity, economic energy and furthers the opportunity to continue
to transform our fleet and invest in regulated renewables for the benefit of our customers. For each of
our vertically integrated companies, we updated our resource plans and identified approximately 15,000
megawatts of wind and solar investment opportunity over the next 10 years in addition to our North
Central wind investment. This amounts to 8,566 more megawatts than we mentioned last November at
EEI. In fact, almost 10,000 megawatts are proposed during the 2021 to 2025 time period.

By building on the success of North Central wind, we are focusing on pursuing regulated renewable
investments for the benefit of our shareholders, customers and our communities. We look forward to
continuing to work collaboratively with stakeholders as part of our integrated resource planning process,
many of which will be filed during the fourth quarter of this year. And we'll be issuing requests for
proposals for these resources in both the near and over the long term.

These updated resource plans are consistent with our emission reduction goals that we announced in
February and will put us on a path to achieve 80% reductions in carbon by 2030 and net-zero carbon by
2050. As we mentioned in our newly released climate report, we are committed to making the energy
we provide as clean as possible, as fast as we can without compromising reliability, affordability or the
security of the electric power grid. We will provide updates on our progress as we move to the execution
stage of what we call our Future Forward strategy. By focusing on investments in support of clean,
affordable and reliable energy, our customers and communities will be well positioned to adapt to the
needs of a clean energy economy.

Another important milestone that further enables our clean energy transition, I&M and its affiliate AEG
reached an agreement to acquire the 1,300-megawatt Rockport Unit 2 from the lessors at the end of the
lease in 2022. I&M has leased the unit and operated it since construction. If approved by the Indiana
Commission, AEP's actions will provide a valuable short-term capacity bridge for the company, resolve
pending litigation and bring certainty to the closure of both Rockport units by 2028. This agreement also
provides further flexibility in advancing our clean energy transition more quickly if appropriate.

Our rate case activity continues, and it's robust, obviously, across all the jurisdictions. In Virginia,
Appalachian Power received an order in its Virginia Triennial rate case reconsideration request on March
26. The commission did not change the initial holding. APCo is now focused on its appeal to the Supreme
Court of Virginia, and the errors in applying the statutes the company believes the commission relied upon
to reach its decision.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

In Ohio, a settlement was reached, showing the productive relationship AEP, Ohio has with various
Ohio stakeholders. The settlement agreement balance the interest of the settling parties, including the
commission staff, the Ohio Consumers Counsel, industrial, commercial and other entities like the Ohio
Hospital Association. Testimony in support of the settlement was followed by the company, and the matter
is set for a hearing focused on the settlement agreement on May 12.

In our SWEPCO jurisdictions, we have rate cases pending in Louisiana and Texas and are preparing a
filing in Arkansas. In Texas, we are seeking a net revenue increase of $73 million and an ROE of 10.35%.
The filing included investments made from February 2018, accelerated depreciation for 3 coal plants,
an increase in storm reserve and vegetation management. Intervening parties and staff filed testimony.
Company rebuttal testimony is due April 23, and there's a May 19 hearing date. We expect to receive an
order in this case by December.

In Louisiana, the $93 million net revenue increase seeking a 10.35% ROE is before the commission
awaiting a procedural schedule. In Arkansas, SWEPCO filed notice that it would not be filling the formula
rate update because it would be filing a new base rate -- base case filing to update rates. This was
expected as a result of North Central approval and will incorporate the facilities in base rates in Arkansas.
A notice of intent to file a rate case was also filed in Oklahoma for PSO on March 16. The case will be filed
by April 30. The filing is intended to address, among other things, general updates, the eroding ROE and
a following requirement related to incorporating the North Central assets in base rates and minimizing the
length of the right of recovering those costs.

We also continue to engage the Oklahoma, Arkansas, Louisiana and Texas commissions regarding the
appropriate mechanisms for recovery of the approximately $1.2 billion of fuel expense that occurred with
winter Storm Yuri. AEP continues to request WACC recovery to maintain balance sheet strength and capital
structures of the operating companies. Julie will update the state of the alternatives being discussed.

And an otherwise great story, I would be remiss if I did not express extreme disappointment with
the FERC decision to consider the possible reduction or removal of the RTO 50 basis points adder for
transmission investment. As evidenced by every reputable expert on what is necessary to achieve our
net-zero goals, transmission is an integral part of the solution. Ensuring a reliable and resilient grid
is foundational to support a clean energy economy. It's vital that federal policy continues to support
transmission investments and particularly those that are made by companies who are participants in RTOs.
Participation RTOs has resulted in ensuring the most efficient regional solutions are advanced. Participation
should be encouraged and not discouraged. There is a cost of being in an RTO. And upsetting this cost
benefit equation could change the dynamic of RTO participation.

Under the Federal Power Act, FERC is required to provide incentives to each utility that joins an RTO.
FERC's abrupt about-face on incentives will certainly lead to litigation, as is consistent with its previously
well-established and correct approach that incentives should not expire until the utility leaves the RTO.

On to our Achieving Excellence Program. Our Achieving Excellence Program, we continue to harness the
ideas of our team members by focusing on operational efficiency gains. As a substantial part of our effort
to bend the O&M curve, this specific program is set to deliver sustainable annual O&M savings that will
continue to support our earnings growth expectations. I continue to be proud of the wealth of ideas that
our team members bring to ensure that we are maximizing the value of services that we provide to our
customers and our communities.

Lastly, regarding our efforts regarding portfolio management, we now will announce an ongoing strategic
review of our Kentucky assets. We expect to complete this review during 2021. As we have mentioned
before and as for all practical purposes, we are a fully regulated utility. We're now focused on portfolio
optimization and capital allocation prioritization to address future capital needs with balance sheet
expectations while improving shareholder value. So more to come in the future regarding this review.

Now I'll move to the equalizer chart. Overall, our operations ROE is currently 9.1%. We generally targeted
in the 9.5% to 10% range. There were ROEs that we were discussing here are not weather-normalized. So
keep in mind, we're also thickening equity layers over the last several years as well. So that reflects in the
ROEs as well.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

So as -- moving to AEP, Ohio. The ROE for AEP Ohio at the end of first quarter 2021 was 10.3%, slightly
above the authorized primarily due to timely recovery of capital investments. We expect the ROE to trend
around authorized levels as we maintain concurrent capital recovery of distribution and transmission
investments.

Regarding APCo. The APCO at the end of first quarter was 8.6%. That's below authorized due to lower
normalized usage, higher amortization primarily related to the retired coal-fired generation assets and
higher depreciation from increased Virginia depreciation rates and capital investments, partially offset by
continued management of O&M expenses. And keep in mind, the Virginia Triennial review is part of that
process as well.

Kentucky. The ROE for Kentucky at the end of first quarter was 4.8%. It's well below authorized due to
loss of load from weak economic conditions and loss of major customers, along with higher expenses.
Transmission revenues were also lower due to a delay of some capital projects. And I've already discussed
in relation to Kentucky what we're doing there.

I&M. The ROE of I&M at the end of the first quarter was 10.4%. It's above authorized due to continued
discipline managing O&M expenses, reduced interest expenses and rate true-ups, partially offset by lower-
than-expected retail sales during first quarter '21.

Regarding PSO. PSO at the end of first quarter 2021 was 9.1%. It's slightly below its authorized level
primarily due to increased capital investment, not currently in base rates, partially offset by continued
management of O&M expenses. And I mentioned earlier, we are giving notification of filing a base rate
case there.

SWEPCO was below authorized at 9.1%. And due to loss of load and continued impact of the Arkansas
share of the Turk plant, which we've said on several occasions is about 110 basis points and also partially
offset by off-system sales in the first quarter '21 resulting from the severe winter storm event.

AEP Texas at the end of the first quarter was 7.7%. It was below authorized primarily due to lag
associated with the timing of annual cost recovery filings. Favorable regulatory treatment allows AEP
Texas to file DCRF and TCOS filings to recover costs on capital investment. So while the expectation is for
the ROE to trend towards an authorized ROE of 9.4% in the longer term, continued significant levels of
investment in Texas will impact the ROE.

And then the ROE for AEP Transmission Holdco at the end of the first quarter was 10.1%. AEP
Transmission Holdco's ROE was slightly below authorized primarily driven by the annual revenue true-up in
the second quarter of 2020 to return the over-collection of 2019 revenues. Transmission's forecasting this
ROE to be in the mid-10% range in 2021.

So I'll conclude by stealing a comment from one of my international CEO peers, who made the observation
that we are in a magical moment for the electric industry given the move to a clean energy future through
electrification. It has been a very busy quarter for AEP, but the work really starts now regarding the
execution of a plan to transform this company from what was the largest coal-fired utility to one of the
largest regulated renewable companies in the U.S., an amazing transition that will benefit customers with
clean energy with a continued eye on reliability and affordability, along with being the largest transmission
supplier in the country that will also benefit from the resource transformation and the further emphasis
being placed on infrastructure and electrification through transportation, AEP is well positioned to
experience a truly magic moment in our history that will set the tone for our continued quest of remaining
the premier regulated utility.

Julie, I'll turn it over to you.

Julia A. Sloat
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Nick, and thanks, Darcy. It's good to be with everyone this morning. I'm going to walk us through
the financial results for the quarter, share some thoughts on our service territory load and economy and
then finish with a review of our credit metrics and liquidity.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

So let's go to Slide 7, which shows the comparison of GAAP to operating earnings for the quarter. GAAP
earnings were $1.16 per share compared to $1 per share in 2020. There's a reconciliation of GAAP to
operating earnings on Page 15 of the presentation today.

Let's walk through our quarterly operating earnings performance by segment. This is laid out on Slide 8.
Operating earnings for the first quarter totaled $1.15 per share or $571 million compared to $1.02 per
share or $504 million in 2020.

Looking at the drivers by segment. Operating earnings for the Vertically Integrated Utilities were $0.54 per
share, up $0.04, driven by the favorable impact of weather due to warmer-than-normal winter temps in
2020. Other favorable items in the segment included off-system sales, higher transmission revenue and
the impact of rate changes across multiple jurisdictions. Partially offsetting these favorable items were
higher depreciation, lower normalized retail load, higher O&M, a prior period fuel adjustment and higher
other taxes.

The Transmission & Distribution Utilities segment earned $0.23 per share, down $0.01 from last year.
Earnings in this segment declined primarily due to lower normalized retail load attributable in part to
storm Yuri.

Other smaller decreases included higher depreciation, tax and O&M expenses. Favorable drivers in this
segment included transmission revenue, rate changes and weather.

The AEP Transmission Holdco segment continued to grow contributing $0.35 per share, an improvement of
$0.07 per share from last year. Net plant increased by $1.3 billion or 13% since March of last year.

Generation & Marketing produced $0.06 per share, down $0.01 from last year. The favorable impact of the
retirement of Oklaunion and land sales on the generation business offset the unfavorable ERCOT market
prices on the wholesale business during Storm Yuri in February. The decrease in the Renewables business
was driven by lower energy margins and higher expenses.

Finally, Corporate and Other was up $0.04 per share driven by an investment gain and lower interest
expense. Partially offsetting these items was the higher -- impact of higher taxes. Overall, we experienced
a solid quarter, and we're confident in reaffirming our annual operating earnings guidance.

So let's take a look at our normalized load for the quarter on Page 9. Starting on the lower-right corner,
our first quarter normalized load came in 1.9% below the first quarter of 2020. There are 2 important
factors to consider when evaluating the year-over-year comparison for the quarter. The first factor is that
last year included an extra leap year day. Assuming everything else equal, you would expect about a 1%
decline in sales due to 1 less day in the quarter. And the second factor is that the pandemic started during
the last 2 weeks of the 2020 first quarter. In other words, the first quarter analysis is comparing a pre-
pandemic view of our service territory load to a view after COVID began. Importantly, we still expect a
stronger recovery in the second half of this year as vaccinations increase, positioning more communities
to relax restrictions on businesses without jeopardizing public health and as the benefit of the American
Rescue Plan stimulus that was signed in late March works its way through the economy. I'll talk a little bit
more about the latest economic projections when we get to Slide 11.

So let's take a look at the upper-left quadrant. Our normalized residential sales increased by 1.5% in the
first quarter compared to last year. The growth in the residential sales was spread across most operating
companies. As the pandemic recovery progresses, growth in residential sales has begun to moderate.
While we expect residential sales to decline by 1.1% in 2021, we're assuming a moderate sustained load
benefit from this customer class, given the stickiness of work-from-home arrangements for many office
workers across our service territory for the foreseeable future.

So if you go over to the right, normalized commercial sales decreased by 1.6% in the first quarter. Even
though commercial sales were down across every operating company excluding Ohio, we are seeing
steady sequential improvement since the pandemic began. In fact, AEP Ohio was the first operating
company to post positive commercial sales growth. This correlates well with the fact that the AEP Ohio
territory added the most jobs in the first quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

We also continue to see significant improvement in the same sectors that were hardest hit by the
shutdowns in the second quarter of 2020. These sectors include schools, churches, restaurants and hotels.

So finally, if you look in the lower-left chart, you'll see that industrial sales decreased by 6.1% in the
quarter compared to 2020. Industrial sales were down across every operating company and most
industrial sectors. Not surprisingly, the biggest declines were located in the Western territory where Storm
Yuri in February caused a significant yet temporary disruptions to many manufacturing facilities located in
ERCOT and SPP.

In addition to the numerous electric generators unable to run due to frozen natural gas supply lines, there
are a number of other manufacturing processes that rely on natural gas supply to produce their product.
Many of those businesses were unable to produce for up to a week while the pipelines were being thawed
out. And in some cases, industrial loads were stalled as long as 42 days in Texas.

So the key takeaway here is that the dip in industrial sales in the first quarter was largely due to the
onetime winter storm, which does not impact our fundamental outlook.

So here's an interesting data point that illustrates this. Our industrial sales in the eastern part of our
service territory were down 2.6% as compared to the significant 12.8% drop in the western part of our
service territory, which was impacted by Yuri. So obviously, that's a pretty dramatic difference. That being
said, we're still very bullish about the second half of the year as the U.S. acquires a significantly greater
concentration of immunity from vaccinations and as the full impact of the additional fiscal stimulus is felt
throughout the service territory economy.

So let's go over to Slide 10, where I can provide a little color on the industrial sales performance in the
first quarter. The blue bars show the change in sales to our oil and gas customers. In aggregate, the
sales to oil and gas sectors were down 9.6% in the first quarter, led by the 21% reduction in oil and gas
extraction. Most of the decline in this sector is in response to the challenging market signals from last year
when the drop in global demand, along with the temporary price war, caused oil prices to fall below many
producers' break-even point.

However, we do not expect the weakness in oil and gas to persist. In fact, natural gas prices in March were
up about 60% from last year, and domestic oil prices last month have more than doubled since March of
2020.

We fully expect the higher prices today will provide the necessary signal that producers are looking for
to increase their production within the service territory. And once we see the production increase in the
upstream sectors, it's only a matter of time before we see the corresponding increase in the midstream
and downstream operations.

The orange bars in the chart show the change in industrial sales excluding oil and gas. While it was still
down 3.3% for the quarter, we expect to see stronger improvement in the second half of the year as the
global economy recovers from the pandemic. Some of the weakness in manufacturing right now is related
to supply chain disruptions. As efforts continue to strengthen the resiliency of the domestic supply chain
for manufacturing, the AEP service territory is certainly positioned to benefit from any movement in that
direction.

So let's go over to Slide #11, where I can provide an update that I mentioned a few moments ago on the
latest economic conditions within the AEP footprint. Starting in the lower-left chart -- or on the left chart,
you'll see that AEP service territory experienced a 1.6% increase in gross regional product compared to
the first quarter of 2020. This was much better than the U.S., which had a relatively flat first quarter in
terms of year-over-year GDP growth.

The AEP service territory was less impacted by the virus and had fewer restrictions on businesses than
other parts of the country, which has allowed the regional economy to fare better than the U.S. throughout
the pandemic. Looking forward, the AEP service territory is expected to grow by 5.2% in 2021, lagging the
economic recovery in the U.S., as you might expect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

Moving to employment on the right. You can see that the job market for the AEP service territory has also
outperformed the U.S. throughout the pandemic. For the quarter, employment growth was only down
1.6%, which was 4.4% better than the U.S. during the first quarter. This is largely the result of the mix of
jobs in our local economy, which has a heavier relative concentration of manufacturing and government
jobs and a smaller share of leisure and hospitality jobs. Going forward, we expect job growth of 1.7% in
2021.

So let's go over to Page 12 to check in on the company's capitalization and liquidity position. On a GAAP
basis, our debt-to-capital ratio is 62.5%. When adjusted for the Storm Yuri event, the ratio remains
consistent with our year-end 2020 ratio at 61.8%.

Let's talk about our FFO-to-debt metric because, as you would expect and as we've been signaling, the
impact of Storm Yuri has and will have a temporary and noticeable impact in 2021 on this metric.

Taking a look at the upper-right quadrant on this page, you see our FFO-to-debt metric based on the
traditional Moody's and GAAP-calculated basis as well as on an adjusted Moody's and GAAP-calculated
basis. On a traditional unadjusted basis, our FFO-to-debt ratio decreased by 3.9% during the quarter to
9.1% on a Moody's basis. While this is a pretty dramatic impact, the rating agencies are very much aware
of this and have taken the metric data point as well as the anticipated recovery into consideration as it
relates to our credit rating.

On an adjusted basis, the Moody's FFO-to-debt metric is 12.9%. To be very clear, this 12.9% figure
removes or adjusts the calculation to eliminate the impact of approximately $1.2 billion of cash outflows
associated with covering the unplanned Yuri-driven fuel and purchase power in the SPP region, directly
impacting PSO and SWEPCO in particular. The metric is also adjusted to remove the effect of the
associated debt we used to fund the unplanned payments. This should give you a sense of where we
would be from a business-as-usual perspective, so 12.9% business-as-usual.

As you know, we're in frequent contact with the rating agencies to keep them apprised of all aspects of our
business. And importantly, there is no change in our equity financing plan.

On the topic of anticipated recovery, there's no debate that Storm Yuri was an extreme event. And
consequently, the various states would like to resolve recovery dockets as expeditiously as practical.
Assuming recovery begins this year, our cash flow metrics will quickly return to the low to mid-teens
target range next year, as expected. So this should be a 1-year phenomenon for us.

As many of you know, we have initiated regulatory cases in our respective states to evaluate the cost and
determine the recovery plan. Let me provide a quick update where we are in this process.

On February 24, PSO filed with the commission for recovery of fuel costs through a -- with a regulatory
asset and weighted average cost of capital carrying charge and subsequently filed a motion seeking
recovery of a $650 million regulatory asset with a 5-year amortization. At this point, PSO has received
approval to defer the storm-related costs with recovery of the established regulatory asset over 5 years at
an interim rate of PSO short-term financing cost. That's like 75 basis points.

This is intended to be an interim order, and the actual carrying charge will be determined in a future
review, and the regulatory asset amount is subject to finalization. Importantly, Oklahoma has also taken
up a securitization bill to address the extraordinary fuel and purchase power costs felt by all utilities. PSO
will evaluate if the securitization is appropriate for the recovery. And if so, we would expect it to occur as
early as next year.

In March, the Arkansas Public Service Commission issued an order authorizing recovery of the
approximate $113 million Arkansas jurisdictional share of the retail customer fuel costs over 5 years, with
the carrying charge to be determined at a later date and the actual amount to be recovered being subject
to finalization. We requested a WACC rate, which was supported by the staff. In accordance with the order,
SWEPCO began recovery in its jurisdiction in April. That was at a customer deposit rate of something like
80 basis points. The recovery period and associated carrying charge will be further reviewed and a hearing
that's already been set for July 8 of this year, so 2021.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

In March, the Louisiana Public Service Commission approved a special order granting a temporary
modification to the fuel adjustment clause to allow utilities to spread recovery over a longer period of
time. In April, SWEPCO began recovery of the Louisiana jurisdictional share of these fuel costs. That was
about $150 million based on a 5-year recovery period in a fuel over under recovery mechanism. SWEPCO
will be working with the Louisiana Commission to finalize the actual recovery period and determine the
appropriate carrying charge.

And in Texas, SWEPCO intends to file for a recovery under a fuel surcharge, most likely in the second
quarter. Our current plan is to request recovery over 5 years with a WACC carrying charge. Obviously, we
have a lot in process on the regulatory recovery front on this matter, and we'll keep you apprised as we
make progress because, as we all know, this is extremely important.

Let's take a quick moment to visit our liquidity summary on the lower right of Slide 12. In March -- on
March 31, AEP renewed its $4 billion bank revolver for 5 years and also entered into a 2-year $1 billion
revolving credit facility to fortify our liquidity position as we go forward. This placed our net liquidity
position as of March 31 at a strong $3.4 billion.

Switching gears. Our qualified pension funding increased 1.7% during the quarter to 103.5%, and our
OPEB funding increased 9.6% to 170.5%. Rising interest rates that decreased plan liabilities, along with
positive equity returns, were the primary drivers for the funded status increases in both plans during the
first quarter.

So let's go to Slide 13, so we can wrap this thing up and get your questions. But I just want to call out a
couple of quick things before we do that. So top of mind for many folks, I know this, we want to mention
to you that we've completed the planned $175 million equity funding portion of the North Central wind
Sundance Project. We used our at-the-market mechanism so that we could time the equity need with
our purchase of the Sundance Project, which occurred last week. As you know, we will continue to move
forward with additional opportunities in the renewable space supporting our ESG focus as we transition
toward a clean energy future.

Our performance in the first quarter and stability of our regulated business model gives us the confidence
to reaffirm our operating earnings guidance range of $4.55 per share to $4.75 per share. Because of our
ability to continue to invest in our own system organically, we are confident in our ability to grow the
company at our stated long-term growth rate of 5% to 7%.
So we surely do appreciate your time and attention today. And with that, I'm going to turn the call over to
the operator for your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim.

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Couple of quick questions here. First, on the incremental 8.6 gigs of renewable opportunities that you just
added to plan. It's very sizable. So Nick, can you maybe touch a little bit on how we should think about
these new opportunities in light of the 5% to 7% growth that you guide? What sort of financing avenues
are you kind of looking at, the approval paths? And what are you assuming in terms of owned versus PPA?

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. I think we have a -- the last part -- last to your question first. I think we have a pretty compelling
argument now for ownership of these facilities given even past the winter storm activity that we learned
operationally. Certainly, what we learned from the -- really the provisions of the agreements that we put in
place relative to the approvals really stands better in terms of our ability to manage the project, manage
congestion, manage other factors that really provide benefits to our customers. So we're going to make a
strong position that we should own those assets.

And actually, when you think about the strength of the utilities, it's going to be important for the states
to really focus on how do we keep our utilities strong, and PPAs don't do it from a capital structure
perspective. We need to make sure that ownership and their flexibility of operations is key in that regard.

And regarding the other 8,600 megawatts, yes, it is a sizable number. But obviously, when you look at the
evaluation of the retirements, when you look at the needs of the operating companies -- and also North
Central certainly showed you can deploy capital and reduce the overall bills to consumers. So when you
think about the retirements of coal-fired generation, the imposition of additional transmission, having the
benefits of the fuel cost aspects of it are tremendously important.

So when you look at the analysis, having some level of carbon pricing in there certainly increases the
focus on the ability for renewables to come into play. And that's certainly what we've been focusing on.

So as you look at the financeability of it, the financeability will pretty much work like it did for North
Central. Although it is a large number, so we'll have to be very aware of what our balance sheet strength
looks like during the process, the timing of when the different tranches of these renewables come into
play, the cash position that supported with these projects coming online. And being able to improve, as
Julie mentioned, this FFO-to-debt thing, where it is today is really a 2021 issue. In 2022, FFO-to-debt
comes back up. And certainly, with the ability to put these projects in place, it will help in terms of our
ability to continue to fund these projects.

So it'll probably -- we certainly would like for it all to be incremental. But in reality, when you go through
this process, it'll probably be around capital allocation and prioritization associated with that within the
existing plan but also incremental. So it'd be a combination of both.

Yet to be seen. Obviously, if load continues to grow, if the position relative to the regulatory framework,
getting concurrent recovery, making sure that we get off the tax ADIT issues, that's all going to be helpful
in terms of our ability to finance. So it's still a work-in-progress.

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Got it. And then maybe just transitioning to corporate strategy and ops optimization. Obviously, the
strategic review for Kentucky started. So Brian has been obviously very busy here. Can we maybe just

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

elaborate on the phase we are in with that process? Have bidders emerged or data rooms opened? And
assuming this would backfill most of your Wind Catcher equity needs, so assuming we aren't looking at a
Duke-style, Indiana GIC transaction but the entire opco, so we should obviously consider leakage share.
Any NOLs as well that could be applicable in this case?

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Shar, you're always ahead in terms of questions. So yes, and I really can't answer any of those at this
point because we are in a process. And certainly, as soon as we have information on it -- I think the real
issue here is we have made a deliberate decision to really start our portfolio management approach and
evaluating jurisdictions. Because we are fully regulated, we can look at these areas and determine what
the best bid is in terms of future capital needs and what our focus is in terms of moving to a clean energy
economy.

So -- and for us to come out and say that we are in a strategic process relative to Kentucky is an
important statement in that regard. That's probably as far as we can go right now.

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Let me ask you something a little bit more of a theoretical question. Would you consider asset rotations
above your current equity needs, let's say, from North Central to fund the incremental CapEx renewables
or T&D? I mean you're within your credit metric guidance, but does it make sense for you to further
improve your balance sheet and simplify your story even further? I mean, do you kind of like looking at
the stock valuation? And does it make maybe more sense to -- do you think there's incremental value
from a multiple standpoint to even have a stronger balance sheet and operating even less states here?
And I'm thinking maybe Texas.

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, certainly. Like I said, this was at the beginning of this process. But multiple expansion is clearly on
our minds and making sure that you can -- you're investing in the right things at the right places, at the
right time is going to be incredibly important.

And you saw that with North Central of timing the recovery with the actual investments with the turnkey
approach that we took. And it's all about the timing of it. It's all about the decisions made to ensure that
we are doing proper capital allocation and rotation to manage this process forward. So -- and like I said
earlier, that's going to be a continuing part of our business.

Operator

Next, we go to the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

Congratulations on all these updates. A lot to digest here today, indeed. If I can, let's start with a higher-
level question here, right? So you're proposing a lot, specifically in PSO. How do you think about the
events that have transpired in Texas and Yuri impacting that? And specifically around some intermittent
resources like solar in Oklahoma, right? We just haven't seen a lot of that historically. So this is a little bit
of new territory for that geography more than the economics all around. Can you talk to that? Have you
kind of vetted some of the proposals here in the approval process?

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. So obviously, we're right out of the gate in terms of the announcement of what's included in each
jurisdiction. So we'll have discussions with the commissions, and that's part of the integrated resource

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

planning processes. And keep in mind, too, when we do this evaluation during the RFP -- I mean during
the process, it's always solving for whatever the lease cost is in terms of what those resources are. So it
shows up as wind and then solar. Typically, it's showing up as more wind early on then solar starts to pick
up. But that's pretty fungible as you go forward. I mean these plans will change as we go forward based
upon where technologies go, certainly, where the opportunities exist.

Now Oklahoma may want more wind and less solar, but that won't matter. It'll be a part of the total
renewables piece that's included there.

The other part of it, too, is we'll be very mindful of how much renewables are placed into service in
relation to 24/7 supply. And there's some natural gas that's built into this plan as well that enables more
renewables to be put in place. But the real focus going forward during this transitional period will be for
units that provide 24/7 to be more of a reliability component, certainly more of a -- sort of an insurance
backstop for weather events or other events that may occur that impact the grid security. And we'll have
to be very mindful of how those studies actually go.

And I'll tell you, in our climate report, we saw for 2050 with a $15 carbon price and a more aggressive $30
carbon price. The 2035 case didn't solve because of the timing of getting resources in place and system-
related issues. So you have to really think about how that's done.

And I'm -- we've looked at these plans, and we certainly believe that with the level of 24/7 supply we still
have out there and the additional opportunity associated with just the diversity of some of these projects,
it's going to be of particular value to our customers going forward.

And I guess, I'll just remind you that North Central, had it been operational during this time of the Texas
and Oklahoma outages with the Yuri, would have saved customers $227 million. So you think about the
savings associated with that.

And the other thing, too, the previous question, someone was -- Shar was asking, when the utilities do
it, they focus on the long term. And North Central already had the weather packages already in place,
where you don't find that in a large part of the market. So we think the long term when we go after these
investments, and that's why ownership is clearly important.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

Excellent. And just to clarify this a little bit further. I know that the equity numbers aren't moving around
too much or at all, frankly, relative to Capex. But how much capital could be shifted given the latest
updates here in the 3-year versus the 5-year outlook here? Just want to understand, out of the total 10-
year view that you guys are providing today, how much could be in that 3- and 5-year window as you
think about just the specific timing of each of these dockets that have come up for renewable resources?

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, yes, as I mentioned, 10,000 of the megawatts of the 16,000 -- over 16,000 is in the '21 to '25 time
frame. So it's going to be near term. So when you think about these projects, they take a couple of years
to put in place.

You'll be looking more at that '23 to '25 for most of it, but some of it is already in play. There's already
RFPs going out for supplies of some of these renewables as we speak.

Julie, you have anything you want to add to that?

Julia A. Sloat
Executive VP & CFO

No. You've got that perfect. Thank you.

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

Okay.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Congrats on a great update and a big movement in renewables, so happy to see that. I'm wondering if
you could just talk a little bit more about, as you grow out renewables, whether there might be some
additional transmission distribution requirements or stores or just other things that would sort of be
additive as well. It's obviously just a huge amount of megawatts. Just curious of the other impacts.

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. There will be. And many of these projects, obviously, we'll have to look at the placement of these
projects at a terminal level of congestion, but also the level of transmission investment that's required.

But keep in mind, too, with what the Biden administration is doing relative to the movement to clean
energy, which obviously is a big part of his plan, large-scale transmission will also be incredibly important.
So I see with what's going on today and the nexus of all these things coming together, our transmission,
which you've always said is, as far as the eye can see for a decade, well, it's probably even higher. We
don't know what that number is at this point. And I think we've got to get through the process and fully
understand that.

But when you do the net benefits associated with fuel and the capital cost of the renewables projects and
transmission, it's still a benefit to consumers. So we'll go through that process.

But you're right to be bullish about transmission in relation to these investments but also everyone else's
investments because we are the largest transmission provider in the country, and most of this has to come
through us.

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

That's really helpful. And then I wanted to drill into Texas for just a moment. There are some bills, as you
know, that are floating around that would permit securitization of costs. And those look to be, I guess, to
me, quite helpful from a financing point of view. Just curious how you're thinking about that impact? How
might that impact your thoughts on financing? I appreciate the points you raised earlier that essentially
the credit metrics are sort of artificially low at the moment because of the storm, but would some of these
bills be especially helpful to you?

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, certainly, the ERCOT portion of Texas, we are essentially a wires company there, so a T&D. So -- and
we have -- based on our cost provisions in place for recovery of that.

We -- the only real exposure we've got from a wire standpoint is any -- I guess some of the reps, they
could potentially go bankrupt. And -- but that's where -- it's going to be important to understand where
that goes. And also, as far as securitization is concerned, we've used securitization in the past in Texas.
And you're seeing it develop for -- let's classify storm cost, but it really is Yuri-related investments, we'd
be fine with that.

Julie, I don't know if you had any comment.

Julia A. Sloat
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

Yes. No, that'd be great. Great question, Stephen. So we're keeping an eye on what's going on in
Oklahoma. There's an opportunity potentially to engage in some securitization activity there. Would love to
get cash in the door. So if that's something that's workable, we will absolutely take the cash.

And my understanding is the way that is being, at least initially discussed and potentially structured would
be such -- in such a way that, that does not sit on our balance sheet, which makes it even better. So yes,
we'll take that cash with no debt on the balance sheet. We like that very much. So we are definitely poised
and ready and waiting.

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

That's great. Maybe one last quick one. Just as we think about this growth in renewables, any changes in
terms of your thoughts on coal retirement dates?

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, obviously, the move we made on the second Rockport unit solidified at least at 2028. And it could
occur earlier, depending on what the conditions are and what the evaluations are with the commission and
the replacements of capacity.

And so we are -- and actually, we're looking for provisions like that even in legislation that's occurring.
Because you're seeing all kinds of incentives developed for extension of PTCs, ITCs. Direct pay, we like, so
direct pay not only for renewables projects but also for transmission if you have an ITC.

But I think also, we'd like to see incentives for the undepreciated plant balances of coal units to further
accelerate the ability to retire and obviate the impact to our customers. But the current plan doesn't
assume any of these advancements. So -- and this happens all the time where we have plans that are out
there that are public, but a lot of things get worked on. And we'll continue to work on these objectives
because our objective is to move as quickly as possible to derisk these investments, and particularly with
new environmental rules, with CCR and other things. We're making decisions about these plants. And
you've seen the last 2 quarters, we've announced earlier retirements of coal and lignite plant operations.
So I would fully expect to see that process to continue.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

I have a couple of questions on the Kentucky power announcement.

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

So just -- I think, Nick, you said that you're doing a strategic review with a target for year-end. So is that
a target to basically have a sale done in proceeds by year-end or have a kind of like a sale or other plan
announced by year-end?

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Steve, so I didn't say year-end. I said we would get the evaluation done in 2021. That could be earlier
in the year. It could be later in the year. Obviously, we need to get farther down the road in terms of this

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

process. I can tell you that the process is established. It's ongoing, and we're going to move as quickly as
possible.

So -- and we've always talked about the timing of the resolution of anything related to whether it was
Kentucky or anything else in relation to the needs around North Central. So -- and we still believe that
timing fits. So I wasn't saying that it would be the end of the year before we know anything. I just said
during '21.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. And just is there kind of -- this may seem silly, but just is there a reason that this wasn't really
part of your slide deck or release? Or just -- it was just stated on the call? Is it just -- did something just
happened? The Board just decide something?

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

No. I think it was out of respect to our employees because, obviously, you can't say something like this
from an SEC perspective without some thought around that. But also there's the human aspects of it, too,
and employee aspects. A matter of fact, our employees just found out about it when I've said it. I have
a webcast after this with all employees to talk about this to just sort of alleviate their concerns through
the process. But this is -- the way it occurs is there's multiple things you have to think about when you're
making these kinds of announcements.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Understood. And then just in terms of -- that's helpful. So in terms of the -- in terms of thinking about
your financing, this would still be potentially directed at replacing the equity needs that you have currently
for North Central as a potential replacement for some of that only?

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. I'll let Julie talk about that.

Julia A. Sloat
Executive VP & CFO

Steve, yes. Thank you for the question. Absolutely. To the extent that we get dollars in the door, that will
be a wonderful place to put that to work in terms of being able to sidestep some of the equity need. And
we'll see if we can make that happen, absolutely.

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

We have the ATM sitting out there that we've accessed. But obviously, it would change the nature of that.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

One challenge was Kentucky Power has a lot of coal plants and exposure, I guess, so to speak. Just do you
feel like there's still despite that decent interest to be able to monetize that at a reasonable price?

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. And obviously, different parties look at that in different ways. And that's what we're going to find
out and -- through the strategic process is what valuation Kentucky's ownership of Mitchell in terms of
valuation and its impact on an overall price would be.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

It still has value. It still has years to operate. And certainly, if you look at the plan that we presented, you
still have a potential renewables opportunity there, particularly with the potential retirement of Mitchell at
some point. So anyone who's looking at this would say, it's not in terms of just the valuation of Mitchell.
It's a valuation of what you do with it during the transition. So there's a lot of things to look at from that
perspective.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

And my last question just on this topic. And my last question is just the overall portfolio optimization kind
of that you've been doing, is this a conclusion of that? Or is this something where we could get more?

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

No. It's going to be an ongoing part of our process. So it's just the beginning.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.

Durgesh Chopra
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Just I have -- I think we've covered the rest. Just on storm costs, Julie. You're currently deferring those,
right, the $1.2 billion on the balance sheet? Can you just remind us what is factored into your 2021
guidance? I'm just thinking about how the sort of the regulatory decisions here in the next few months
impact your 2021 numbers.

Julia A. Sloat
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Absolutely. You have it exactly right. We're deferring the storm costs, particularly as it relates to the
fuel and purchase power costs because that's the biggest chunk of the dollars that we had exposure to as
it relates to storm and Yuri, in particular.

And as it relates to what's embedded in our guidance, I will tell you, we actually updated our cash flow
forecast. That's included in the slide deck that you have today to incorporate the impact of this particular
circumstance as well as the fact that we did have some ice storms and more -- I characterize more kind
of normal storm-related activities that occurred in the eastern portion of our jurisdictions here during the
first quarter.

So all of that is factored into those new cash flow forecast details, which you'll see impacting the cash flow
from operations line in the slide included in the deck today.

As you know, we did take on some additional debt to be able to accommodate the fuel and purchase
power spike that was not anticipated. And so that is now being absorbed into our 2021 operations, and
therefore, into our earnings.

Interestingly, if you look at Page #8 of the slide deck that we have out there today, on the Corporate and
Other segment, you'll actually see that interest expense was a benefit to us this time despite the fact that
we have taken on a little additional debt in that capacity because we took a $500 million term loan on at
the parent company. Interest rates have -- in terms of interest cost, I should say, was much lower in this
particular quarter versus last year. We do still have lower debt outstanding from a short-term perspective
versus last year. So all of those factors interestingly helped to have this impact be one of benefit to us in
this particular period.

So steady as she goes. No change in forecast. Still feeling really good about where we are. Hopefully, that
helps you a little bit.

Durgesh Chopra

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

It does. It does. In a nutshell, it's captured in your EPS guidance. Interest costs and the cash flow metrics
already reflect the sort of some of the treatment you might get in terms of recovery for these costs.

Julia A. Sloat
Executive VP & CFO

You got it. We did that by design because we wanted to make sure we had a fair amount of integrity in
that forecast with -- particularly when you look at the cash flow metrics and give a shout-out to our fixed
income friends because I know that's extremely important.

Durgesh Chopra
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Understood. Just one last one for me. Nick, you mentioned the disappointing fourth quarter. Just what to
look for there in terms of next steps. Is there going to be a rule-making procedure? And just next steps
there, what should we be looking for there?

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. There it is open for a NOPR right now. So -- and obviously, our comments will be very direct and very
focused. And I'm sure there'll be others in the industry with that as well. But it just seems like a direct
polar opposite to where the administration is trying to go with movement to a clean energy economy. And
really, it is directly opposite to years of precedence of encouraging the development of transmission, so
I'm certainly hopeful as we get through the dialogue of what this all means.

And actually, with RTO participation -- when we originally joined RTO years ago, we were making a lot
of money off of through and out rates of transmission. We traded that in for generation benefits because
we were selling a lot of generation. We're not selling generation, so -- to any real extent. And certainly,
when you look at the value proposition of an RTO, it is centered on the ability to optimize across a larger
jurisdiction. But from an AEP perspective, you got the cost of the RTO. And certainly, customers need to be
able to benefit from that.

So if you disrupt that cost-benefit opportunity, you will have people making different decisions about RTO
participation. So I think it's just sort of a policy move in the wrong direction, but I certainly am hopeful
that the commission comes together on that.

Durgesh Chopra
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Understood. Is there a time line as to when they -- the common period ends and when they might make a
final determination yet?

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

I don't know that there is right now. They have to post the NOPR in the Federal Register first. So we're
thinking probably a summer time frame for the NOPR.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank.

Andrew Marc Weisel
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

First, just to follow up on the transmission. Are you able to provide an EPS sensitivity or potential impact if
that RTO incentive adder would be eliminated?

Nicholas K. Akins

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. We had in our Q, actually, the number for our evaluation. If we lost the entire 50 basis points, it
would amount to $55 million to $70 million pretax. So -- and that's the evaluation now. Who knows
what they're going to do. Because you went in the meeting thinking they may actually go up on the RTO
incentive. But it remains to be seen what they decide to do, but that's the impact.

Andrew Marc Weisel
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Well, that was -- the next thing I was going to ask is do you see any potential of an increase? Or do you
think that's highly improbable at this point?

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

I think, certainly with what transpired, we're just trying to make sure it stays the same. But if it increases,
there's a lot of reasons for it to increase because RTO participation and the adders associated with
transmission, like I said, the expenses of an RTO continue to go up in that. So I think there definitely
needs to be an incentive there.

Andrew Marc Weisel
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Okay. Great. Then just one last follow-up question on the renewables. You talked a bit about the cost
savings from coal plant retirements. And I know it's early and the cost will be continuously changing,
hopefully downward. But from what you see today, do you expect this update to the generation stack to
lower customer bills in most cases, all else equal? And you mentioned something about a potential carbon
policy. Does your analysis assume some sort of federal clean energy standard? And how would it look from
an affordability perspective without that?

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

We've always had a carbon value in our analysis from a resource planning perspective. And I think it's $15
a ton is what we've used. In our report -- our climate report, we used 2 cases, a $15 case and a $30 case
that was more aggressive. And certainly, that brought more -- that case brought more renewables in more
quickly. But that's not reflected in the plan that we've shown here. So yes, it's certainly something that
we're -- we'll continue to look at and evaluate with the commissions.

Julia A. Sloat
Executive VP & CFO

If I could...

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Go ahead.

Julia A. Sloat
Executive VP & CFO

Just to throw additional finer point on that as well. If carbon pricing is excluded from the equation, the
renewable opportunity could get haircut by about 2 gigawatts. So it's not that significant, but I want to
throw that out there.

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

Yes. We're looking at this thing as a $15 billion to $20 billion investment opportunity. So it would be not
much of an impact if you took out the carbon pricing. But you can't plan for anything without putting in a
carbon pricing these days.

Andrew Marc Weisel
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Okay. Great. And the affordability question, assuming the carbon is in the ballpark of what you're talking
about, how would that...

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. And we've demonstrated that with North Central. I mean you can put these projects in place. And
keep in mind, we're thinking about the resiliency and reliability of the grid, too. So there's limitations, and
we have to go through that process. But the ones we have in this plan, we can do.

And certainly, when you look at the benefits of North Central, for example, it was $3 billion of benefit to
the customers. And so when you have those kinds of economics in play, if you're able to run your 24/7
generation as more of reliability and as an insurance policy essentially and layer in as much renewables as
you can, put in transmission to make sure the system continues to operate the way it should, then it could
be a pretty powerful combination to benefit customers in the future.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just wanted to touch base on Rockport, if I could, in kind of the decision tree that led to this. And just
wanted to see what other kind of options you were evaluating. Just a bit more color would be helpful
there.

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. So obviously, we were looking at future requirements instead of environmental requirements on
the units. And if we kept them operating longer than 2028, that would be a challenge from an economic
perspective. We didn't want to start making those kinds of investments not knowing how long the units
would actually be operational. So that was a consideration.

The other, as I mentioned, was litigation to clear all that out to make sure we took ownership and we took
control. And then, of course, the value of the short-term bridge that exists that gives us the flexibility to
make decisions with the Indiana Commission to focus on what is the right path for that transition. So it
gives us a lot of optionality, a lot of flexibility and the control.

And by the way, I mean, there's 2 units there: so 1 we own and 1 we leased. And it just made more
sense for us to own both of them and make the decision of the plant as a whole and be able to adjust
accordingly. So it worked out well overall from that perspective. And like I said, it gives us a lot of
optionality and flexibility.

And actually, at a pretty -- at a price that -- I think it was $115 million, so it's an opportunity for us to
really pay for that degree of optionality that has considerable value.

Darcy Reese
Managing Director of Investor Relations

Toni, this is Darcy. We have time for one more question.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

Our last question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Nick, you mentioned in Kentucky today, you also outlined the renewal growth platform and plan for the
regulated businesses. And obviously, lots of renewable companies, pure plays trading at pretty good
multiples even after the recent share price weakness. Just curious, how do you think about the renewable
portfolio at the G&M segment? And whether that piece of the business is truly core to AEP or whether --
the real growth is obviously in the regulated subsidiaries and maybe the non-reg contracted renewable
business could potentially be a source of funds for the parent to fund regulated growth.

Nicholas K. Akins
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. So that's been a continual part of our business. Chuck gets allocated capital -- or the AEP energy gets
allocated capital. And he's perfectly willing to throw it back over the fence because we make evaluations
based upon his threshold, which is commensurate with the regulated part.

And also just -- his business is important because it keeps us in a part of -- like, for example, we're
doing a lot of projects here in Ohio directly with customers. And it enables us to -- with customers and
corporations actually, and enables us to be in that business. But at the same time, we're able to manage
the capital such that you can throw it back over the fence if we see a better opportunity on the regulated
side. So we have that working very well, where we can make those trade-offs on a continual basis.

So yes, it can be a source of capital to do some of these things. And again, that lends itself to the portfolio
management approach to ensure that we're putting the money in the right place at the right time.

So -- and like I said, he's doing an incredible job with that and that organization. And the fact is, they're
still doing the renewable part of it, but they're also doing specific relationships with customers with
microgrids and those types of applications. So the value proposition of that business is so important to
us seeing the leading edge of what we need to be doing and making cases in our regulated business to
ensure that we can continue to grow from those perspectives as well.

So all in all, it's working fine. But yes, your -- the answer is yes, we can utilize that as a source.

Darcy Reese
Managing Director of Investor Relations

Toni? I just wanted to say thank you for joining us on today's call. As always, the IR team will be available
to answer any questions you may have. If you could please give the replay information.

Operator

Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 11:30 a.m. Eastern
today through April 29 at midnight. You may access the AT&T replay system at any time by dialing 1 (866)
207-1041 and entering the access code 3802483. International participants may dial (402) 970-0847.
Those numbers again are 1 (866) 207-1041 and (402) 970-0847 with access code 3802483.
That does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Event
Conferencing Service. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

