The AES Corporation NYSE:AES
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, August 05, 2021 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.29

0.31

Revenue  (mm)

2320.81

2700.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-04-2021 12:36 PM GMT

6.90

16.34

0.44

1.54

1.67

2523.14

9847.20

10336.43

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.43

0.44

0.30

0.29

0.42

0.48

0.28

0.31

(2.33 %)

9.09 %

(6.67 %)

6.90 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
THE AES CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Ahmed Pasha
VP of Investor Relations &
Treasurer

Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert
President, CEO & Director

Gustavo Duarte Pimenta
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Agnieszka Anna Storozynski
Seaport Research Partners

Biju Z. Perincheril
Susquehanna Financial Group,
LLLP, Research Division

Durgesh Chopra
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

THE AES CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the AES Corporation Second Quarter 2021 Financial Review Conference Call.
[Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference
over to Ahmed Pasha, Treasurer and Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Ahmed Pasha
VP of Investor Relations & Treasurer

Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to our second quarter 2021 financial review call. Our
press release, presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com.

Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may
cause future results to differ materially from these statements, which are discussed in our most recent 10-
K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can be
found on our website along with the presentation.

Joining me this morning are Andres Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Gustavo Pimenta,
our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team.

With that, I will turn the call over to Andres. Andres?

Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert
President, CEO & Director

Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our second quarter financial review call. Today, I will
discuss our progress to date on a number of key strategic objectives before turning the call over to our
CFO, Gustavo Pimenta, to discuss our financial results in more detail.

We had an excellent second quarter, with a 24% increase in adjusted EPS from the second quarter of
2020, and a record 1.8 gigawatts of renewables under long-term contracts added to our backlog, bringing
our total to 8.5 gigawatts. We remain on track to achieve 7% to 9% average annual growth in adjusted
EPS and parent free cash flow through 2025. I will give more color on our accomplishments while covering
the following 3 themes shown on Slide 4.

One, the growth and transformation of our U.S. utilities; two, our rapidly growing renewables business;
and three, our strategic advantage from innovation. As you may recall, during our Investor Day in March,
we outlined our plan to invest $2.3 billion to transform our 2 US Utilities, AES, Ohio, and AES Indiana.

During the second quarter, we concluded key outstanding regulatory proceedings at both of our U.S.
utilities, clearing the path for investment in the latest technologies, which will enable us to deliver a higher
level of service and reduce carbon emissions.

At the core of our efforts is a focus and deep understanding of the digital tools that vastly improve
customer experience and enable the integration and orchestration of diverse and distributed renewable
resources.

Starting with AES Ohio on Slide 5, where we expect to nearly double the rate base by growing 12%
annually through 2025. Recently, we made a substantial headway on outstanding regulatory filings. First,
the commission approved AES Ohio stipulation, allowing predictable cash flows and investment in smart
grid initiative over the next 4 years. And second, AES Ohio also received approval for the FERC regulated
formulary, allowing recovery of transmission investments.

Now moving on to AES Indiana on Slide 6, where we're investing $1.5 billion over the next 5 years as
part of our grid modernization program, and our transition to more renewables-based generation. We
recently received regulatory approval for our 195-megawatt Hardy Hills solar project, and we announced
an agreement to acquire the Petersburg Solar project, which includes 250 megawatts of solar and 180-

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

THE AES CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

megawatt hours of energy storage. We expect to grow the rate base at AES Indiana by more than 7%
annually. With many of the key regulatory approvals behind us, we are now positioned to execute on our
utility modernization and decarbonization programs, which have been years in the making.

Now turning to the second theme of renewables growth on Slide 7. Last year was a record-breaking year
of renewable contracts for us, with over 3 gigawatts signed. So far this year, we have already signed
almost 3 gigawatts of contracts for wind, solar and energy storage, nearly double the amount at the same
time last year. More than 90% of the new contracts are in the U.S., and we are well on our way towards
achieving or exceeding our target of 4 gigawatts for 2021. At the same time, more than 80% are with C&I
customers, negotiated on a bilateral basis. Our new projects will yield after-tax returns at the project level
in line with our low teens average for the U.S. and mid- to high teens internationally.

Our progress so far this year includes our recent agreement to acquire 612 megawatts of operating wind
assets in New York, as shown on Slide 8. New York state's supportive renewables policies, combined with
the scarcity of wind projects in the Northeast, provides us with several pathways for long-term attractive
cash flows to support repowering by 2025. This wind acquisition complements our solar and energy
storage pipeline, providing us with another resource to offer diversified and differentiated products to our
consumers.

Turning to Slide 9. We're particularly pleased with our ability to advance new [ planned ] energy products.
This year, we announced the world's first ever large-scale 24/7 carbon-free energy netted on an hourly
basis, supplying Google's Virginia data centers. We see this concept of real-time renewable generation as
opposed to the purchase of offsetting renewable credits as the new highest standard in clean energy. We
have since replicated similar structures with other large-scale customers, helping them to achieve their
sustainability targets, while supporting our renewables growth goals for a total of 1.5 gigawatts of these
clean energy products signed or awarded thus far this year. We see these innovative carbon-free energy
products as examples of our unique advantages, both in our technical and commercial abilities as well as
our culture of working together with customers to understand their specific needs.

Turning to Slide 10. With nearly 3 gigawatts of renewables and energy storage project added this year, we
now have a backlog of 8.5 gigawatts, including 2.5 gigawatts currently under construction. We expect to
bring 1.4 gigawatts online during the remainder of 2021. The strength of our U.S. renewables growth in a
rapidly expanding market will support achieving our goal of having 50% of our earnings from renewables
and utilities, and 50% of our earnings from the U.S. by 2025.

We also continue to aggressively grow our pipeline of early, mid- and late-stage development projects to
support future growth. As you can see on Slide 11, we now have a pipeline of 37 gigawatts, among the
largest in the world. More than 60% of this pipeline is in the U.S., including 8 gigawatts in the hottest
market in the country, California.

Now to decarbonization on Slide 12. Last month, AES Andes announced their 1.1 gigawatts of coal-fired
generation would be voluntarily retired as soon as January 2025 and will be replaced with 2.3 gigawatts
of newly contracted renewables. Since 2017, we have announced the sale or retirement of almost 12
gigawatts of coal-fired generation, which is among the largest programs of any American company. I'm
pleased to report, along with our substantial renewable additions, reduce our generation from coal to
approximately 20% of total generation on a pro forma basis, an additional reduction of 5 percentage
points since last quarter. I would like to address 2 key concerns that we're hearing from investors related
to growth in renewables: inflationary pressures and supply chain bottlenecks.

As one of the largest global renewable developers, with a strong reputation, we have a long history
of successfully negotiating strategic supply agreements, resulting in preferential access and pricing.
Furthermore, we lock in the hardware prices when we signed the PPA, sheltering us from future price
fluctuations. With 90% of the equipment needed for our 8.5 gigawatt backlog already secured, we feel
very comfortable in our ability to execute on our strong pipeline over the short and medium term.

Now turning to Slide 13 and our third theme of innovation. As our entire sector continues to rapidly
evolve, we increasingly find that there is a competitive advantage for those who are able to effectively
incorporate new technologies and business models. For example, we have benefited significantly from

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

THE AES CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

our energy storage business, which we started over 10 years ago and which now is one of the largest in
the industry. There are important synergies between our core businesses and technology ventures. For
example, this year, about half of our renewables energy PPAs include an energy storage component.

Last month, once again, we were awarded the highest honor in the power and utility sector, the Edison
Award from the Edison Electric Institute. For our work developing energy storage as a cost-effective
alternative to new gas peaking plants. Specifically, the award was for the AES Alamitos battery energy
storage system, consisting of 400-megawatt hours of energy storage that can supply power to tens of
thousands of homes in milliseconds. This is our seventh Edison Award overall, and third, U.S. Edison
Award over the last decade.

I would like to note that we have won many more Edison Awards than any other company in recent years.

Turning to Slide 14. We also continue to build on our prior success in creating technology unicorns. For
example, we have previously mentioned our strategic investment in 5B, a prefabricated solar solution
company that has patented technology, allowing solar projects to be built in 1/3 of the time and on half
as much land, while being resistant to hurricane force winds. We continue to grow 5B's footprint across
several markets, including the U.S., Puerto Rico, Chile and Panama and are now expanding into India,
where we are working with domestic partners to establish local manufacturing.

We hope India will enable 5B to reach much greater scale, much more quickly, which combined with our
leading work in robotics construction will help us lower all-in solar cost as we advance on the learning
curve.

Turning to Slide 15. Similarly, we continue to benefit from our investment in Uplight, which provides
cloud-based energy efficiency solutions to more than 110 million households and businesses through
its numerous utility customers, including AES Ohio and AES Indiana. In July, we closed the previously
announced transaction with Schneider Electric and a group of investors that valued Uplight at $1.5 billion.

In conclusion, we're very pleased with our progress to date across all of our key strategic initiatives.
Not only are we well positioned to achieve all of our financial goals, but we are on track to hit our
transformational targets of more than 50% of our earnings from renewables and utilities and more than
50% from the U.S. while having less than 10% of our generation from coal by 2025.

I will now turn the call over to Gustavo Pimenta, our CFO.

Gustavo Duarte Pimenta
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Andres, and good morning, everyone. As Andres mentioned, we are making excellent progress
this year, having already achieved significant milestones on our strategic and financial objectives. We
are pleased to see the continued economic recovery across our markets driven by the reopening of
local economies. In Latin America, many of our clients continue to benefit from record steel, copper and
soybean prices, resulting in a significant improvement in electricity demand across our businesses. This
also reflects in our days sales outstanding, which remain at historically low levels.

Turning to our financial results for the second quarter on Slide 17. Adjusted EPS was up 24% to $0.31,
primarily reflecting execution on our growth plan, demand recovery at our U.S. utilities, and parent
interest savings. These positive drivers were partially offset by lower contributions from Chile and Brazil,
and a slightly higher adjusted tax rate.

Turning to Slide 18. Adjusted pretax contribution or PTC was $303 million for the quarter, an increase of
$65 million versus the second quarter of 2020. I will discuss the key drivers of our second quarter results
in more detail beginning on Slide 19. In the US and Utilities Strategic Business unit, or SBU, PTC was up
$71 million, driven primarily by the demand recovery at our utilities, higher contributions from about 1
gigawatt of new renewable assets and the commencement of power purchase agreements, or PPAs, at
Southland Energy in California.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

THE AES CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Turning to Slide 20. We are very encouraged to see material recovery from system demand at our U.S.
utilities. For Q2, on a weather-normalized basis, demand at AES Ohio is up 9%, and demand at AES
Indiana is up 4%. The net combined volume in Ohio and Indiana is largely back to 2019 pre-COVID levels.
This recovery is mainly driven by higher load from commercial and industrial customers this year as a
result of the reopening of local businesses.

Separately, in California, our 2.3 gigawatt Southland legacy units are well positioned to contribute to the
state's pressing energy needs and its transition to a more sustainable carbon-free future. In fact, the
State Water Board is considering the California Energy Agency's recommendation for our 876 megawatts
Redondo Beach facility to be extended for 2 years through 2023 to align with our remaining legacy units.
This proposed extension would be an upside to expectations through 2025.

Now turning back to our quarterly results on Slide 21. At our South America SBU, lower PTC was mostly
driven by recovery of expenses from customers in Chile in 2020, lower equity earnings from Guacolda also
in Chile and [ drier hydrology ] in Brazil. These impacts were partially offset by higher generation at the
Chivor hydro plant in Colombia.

Higher PTC at our Mexico, Central America and the Caribbean, or MCAC SBU primarily reflects better
hydrology in Panama, which was partially offset by the sale of Itabo in the Dominican Republic. Finally,
in Eurasia, PTC remained relatively flat. The impact from the sale of OPGC in India was largely offset by
lower interest expense in Bulgaria.

Turning to Slide 24. With our first half results, we are on track to achieve our full year 2021 adjusted EPS
guidance of $1.50 to $1.58. As we have discussed in the past, our typical quarterly earnings profile was
more back-end weighted, with roughly 40% of earnings occurring in the first half of the year. Growth in
the year to go will be primarily driven by 1.4 gigawatt of new renewables assets coming online in the
remainder of the year, continued demand recovery across our markets, reduced interest expense and cost
savings benefits. We are also reaffirming our expected 7% to 9% average annual growth target through
2025.

Now turning to our credit profile on Slide 25. Strong credit metrics remain 1 of our top priorities. In
the last 4 years, we obtained 2 to 3 notches of upgrades from the 3 credit rating agencies, including
investment-grade ratings from Fitch and S&P. We are also very encouraged by the recent change in
outlook to positive on our Ba1 rating at Moody's. These actions validate the strength of our business model
and our commitment to improving our credit metrics. We expect the positive momentum in these metrics
to continue, enabling us to reach BBB ratios by 2025.

Now to our 2021 parent capital allocation plan on Slide 26. Consistent with our prior disclosures, sources
shown on the left-hand side of this slide reflect approximately $2 billion of total discretionary cash. This
includes $800 million of parent free cash flow, $100 million of proceeds received from the sale of the Itabo
in the Dominican Republic, and the successful issuance of the $1 billion of equity units in March.

Now to uses on the right-hand side. We'll be returning $450 million to shareholders this year, consisting
of our common share dividend and the coupon of the equity units. And we plan to invest approximately
$1.4 billion to $1.5 billion in our subsidiaries as we capitalize on attractive opportunities for growth.
Approximately 60% of these investments are in global renewals, reflecting our success in originations
during 2020 and our expectations for 2021. And about 25% of these investments are in our U.S. utilities
to fund rate base growth, with a continued focus on grid and fleet modernization.

In the first half of the year, we invested approximately $700 million, primarily in renewables, which is
roughly 50% of our expected investments for the year.

In summary, we are making significant progress on executing on the strategic and financial objectives we
laid out in our Investor Day in March, positioning AES as a leader in the energy transition while delivering
superior returns to our shareholders.

With that, I'll turn the call back over to Andres.

Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

THE AES CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Gustavo. In summary, the world has decided to seriously tackle climate change, and this
is driving unprecedented and accelerating growth in demand for renewables and energy efficiency
applications and services. In relative terms, I don't believe anyone is better positioned than AES to
capitalize on this once-in-a-lifetime transformation of our sector. We have a proven track record of
success. We have the most innovative new products and an 8.5 gigawatt backlog and the 37 gigawatt
pipeline of projects. All in all, we're enthusiastic about our future, and we feel confident about delivering
on our 7% to 9% average annual growth rate.
Our core contracted generation and utility businesses have shown great resilience in the face of global
and regional effects of COVID. Beyond our robust growth rates in earnings and cash flow from our core
businesses, we are creating very significant value for our shareholders through our technology joint
ventures. There has never been a better time for AES. With that, I would like to open up the call for
questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

THE AES CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

Congratulations on the developments year-to-date. I am very curious on the latest on the battery business
and some of the strategic angles you're thinking about here. Can you talk about what's evolved around
Fluence given the latest comments here? And then also, at the same time, can you comment a little bit
on the storage availability? I know you all have been making or taking some preemptive actions to ensure
continued supply availability, but if you can comment on the latest backdrop, would very much appreciate
it.

Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Well, there's not too much I can comment other than the statement in our press release. In the
past, I've talked about it that ensuring supply was very important to us, and we have mentioned the
strategic arrangement with Northvolt for European supply. So as I said in the call today, overall, we feel
very good about being able to have access to the equipment we need for our growth program. But I really
can't comment much more on Fluence at this time.

Gustavo Duarte Pimenta
Executive VP & CFO

Julien, are you there?

Operator

Julian, your line is open.

Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert
President, CEO & Director

Yes, let's proceed to the next question.

Operator

No problem at all. The next question comes from Angie Storozynski from Evercore ISI (sic) [ Seaport
Research ]

Agnieszka Anna Storozynski
Seaport Research Partners

So I'm just wondering, what is the reason for this acceleration in the renewable power generation that
we're seeing year-to-date? Is it just because you're increasingly focused on C&I customers, hence the
higher-than-expected backlog year-to-date?

Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert
President, CEO & Director

Angie, that's a great question. I would say, yes, as you can see, we're focusing a lot on C&I. We have
come up with innovative products like the around-the-clock carbon-free energy. So as we mentioned in my
speech, we have 1.5 gigawatts of new contracts just coming from similar products to the one that we had
announced with Google. So certainly, that is a big driver.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

THE AES CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

The other thing, of course, is we have a good pipeline of potential projects. So we're just finding that
we're working very well with our clients. We have many repeat clients in terms of signing on new deals.
So this second quarter was particularly strong in the U.S. And we see that as the most -- the most rapidly
growing market. But we're very well placed. So we feel good about it. We feel good about the product
offerings that we have. We feel good about our customer relations, and we feel good about our supply
chain.

Agnieszka Anna Storozynski
Seaport Research Partners

Okay. And secondly, I mean, it seems like you guys are starting to do projects, which -- I mean, you don't
typically pursue like repowering of the wind farms in New York State or the acquisition of renewable assets
in Indiana from NextEra. Is -- I mean, is it just because those are opportunistic deals that offer highest
returns, hence, those are not the traditional ground-mount solar installations that you would typically
pursue?

Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert
President, CEO & Director

Look, we're focused on satisfying our customers' needs. In this particular case, it's AES Indiana. So if
there was a better project in MISO that we need to put together to meet our transition towards more
renewables, we will take it. So in many of our deals, we use -- we -- a lot of them require additionality.
So we're building most of them, but we know there's no problem with acquiring somebody else's project
to get the optimal mix from a risk and also, I'd say, production capability. So first, that's something that's
inherent in our product offerings. So we're really trying to solve the clients' need. It's much less about sort
of RFPs and [ busbar ] PPIs. That's what we're going after.

In the case of New York, look, we don't have a lot of wind assets of ourselves. Other people have done
a lot of wind assets repowering. We think this is an idea that the time has come with the technology. So
we're doing some repowering on our old wind farms, but we saw this as a great opportunity in New York to
repower. And again, this comes back to the idea that we want a mix of assets, wind, solar, energy storage,
in some cases, even small hydros to be able to deliver those sort of round-the-clock renewables. So think
of it that way. We are solving for what the customer wants, and we'll put the package of sources, whether
we build them or we buy somebody else's project, to satisfy that.

Operator

And the next question comes from Durgesh Chopra from Evercore ISI.

Durgesh Chopra
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Andres, I appreciate you can't say much about Fluence, but maybe I'm just kind of curious on the timing
of the announcement here. So QIA sort of made their investment late last year. Are you seeing more
growth opportunities? Just -- can you walk us through maybe your thought process on why now versus
wait a couple of years? Just anything along those lines?

Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert
President, CEO & Director

Honestly, I can't comment much on it. What I can refer you to what I've said in the past. And with QIA,
I would say it's not just a financial investor, it's a strategic investor, which has investments in other very
important companies, which can help this business. So I'll have to limit my comments to that, and I'm
sorry.

Durgesh Chopra
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

That's okay. We'll leave there. Maybe just shifting gears to Chile. The last -- I remember there were
some legislations on early retirements. You guys have kind of retired your coal plants. Can you talk about

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

THE AES CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

your exposure there as a percentage of the company as a whole post the announcement of these coal
retirements? And do you see any risks to margins and cash flow there in Chile?

Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert
President, CEO & Director

Look, I'd say overall, Chile is maybe like 15%. Remember that AES Andes includes Colombia and includes
100% renewable hydro in Colombia. AES Andes has done a remarkable transformation in terms of being
a primarily coal -- contracted coal generator into, by 2025, having very little coal. And a lot of green
blend and extend. So this really gave us an in was the ability to modify those contracts so that a large
proportion, if not the majority of the energy would come from new contracted renewables, and you keep
the coal for capacity. So this is, again, quite a remarkable transformation. So the last thing I would say is
regarding the potential legislation that's been talked about, I think it's really -- Chile is a serious country
and they're really looking at how the grid can maintain its reliability with the retirement of these coal
plants. So what we said is, look, we are willing to retire these plants as soon as 2025 is really to give the
grid operator the opportunity to have -- to ensure a reliable grid. We can shut them down sooner from our
perspective. So I don't see -- this -- everything that we're doing is in our forecast. I will pass it to Gustavo
to make some more comments.

Gustavo Duarte Pimenta
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Durgesh, I think the 1 thing that I would add is after the announced retirement, the latest 1 that
we've done, we are left with just 2 facilities for green blend and extend and retirement. So it's about 800
megawatt left and everything else has been announced. We've been able to implement green blend and
extend. So it's a substantially smaller share of where we were in [indiscernible] a couple of years ago.

Durgesh Chopra
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Got it. It sounds like a small portion of EBITDA, cash flow earnings, whatever come from Chile post these
retirements. Okay.

Great execution on the backlog and congratulations on getting more on the board here.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Biju Perincheril with Susquehanna.

Biju Z. Perincheril
Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division

Andres, you touched on some of the supply chain concerns. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit
about how you might be impacted from the Hoshine WRO and may be some of the steps you're taking to
mitigate that impact?

Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert
President, CEO & Director

Yes, a great question. Look, for some of you who follow us for a while, we're always very paranoid about
our supply chain. That's why I think it was January of -- February actually of 2020, we were talking about
supply chain issues with COVID and how we're going to get ahead of it. So here, we've also been on top of
this. They're, obviously -- in the past year, there were supply chain issues with imports. What was going to
be the tariff on panels from China? And then what was going to be the tariff, for example, on aluminum?
So could you manufacture it locally? So we've been on top of this issue.

So today, I would say all of our solar panels coming into the states are not coming in from China. They're
coming in from Malaysia. We do buy some U.S. panels as well, which are non-polysilicon. We're also
working with top notch -- only top-notch panel manufacturers, first tier, and getting certificates that none
of the polysilicon comes from Hoshine. That could be associated in any way with forced labor. So that's

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

THE AES CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

where we are. This is a developing story. In the past, what we've been able to do with the tariffs, for
example, is to move panels that were coming to the state, for example, to Chile and vice versa to optimize
the supply chain. So -- which, quite frankly, worked out very well.

So if you look at what we're doing, we are certainly in solar, one of the top 5, I would say, in the country
in terms of new solar development. So we're very well positioned. We're on top of that. We have long-
standing agreements, and our suppliers are doing everything possible. I think I could add that, in the
future, we're going to -- we're making sure that the polysilicon would come from alternative sources like
Germany or Korea. So that's in the works.

But this does take a transition. So we're on top of that. And stay tuned because, while we feel very good
about our certification and all the rest, it's a question of where does that polysilicon arrive? And can you
prove it? So again, we are having, I'd say, as extensive affidavits from our suppliers as anybody on this
matter.

Operator

This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Ahmed
Pasha for any closing remarks.

Ahmed Pasha
VP of Investor Relations & Treasurer

Thanks, everybody, for joining us on today's call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any
follow-up questions you may have. Thanks, and have a nice day.

Operator
The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

THE AES CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

