The AES Corporation NYSE:AES
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, February 28, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.33

0.35

6.06

0.33

1.34

1.36

1.49

1.45

2929.44

2431.00

(17.01 %)

2736.54

11049.20

10189.00

(7.79 %)

11326.18

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-24-2020 3:36 PM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.30

0.28

0.40

0.33

0.28

0.26

0.48

0.35

(6.67 %)

(7.14 %)

20.00 %

6.06 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
THE AES CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 28, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Ahmed Pasha
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Andrés Ricardo Gluski Weilert
Former Executive Officer

Gustavo Duarte Pimenta
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Charles J. Fishman
Morningstar Inc., Research
Division

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

THE AES CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 28, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning. And welcome to the AES Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2019 Financial Review Conference
Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to Ahmed Pasha, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please
go ahead.

Ahmed Pasha
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Anita. Good morning. And welcome to our full year 2019 financial review call. Our press
release, presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com.

Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may
cause future results to differ materially from these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a
discussion of these factors.

Joining me this morning are Andrés Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Gustavo Pimenta,
our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team.

With that, I will turn the call over to Andrés. Andrés?

Andrés Ricardo Gluski Weilert
Former Executive Officer

Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our financial review call. Today, I will discuss our 2019
performance and our strategy to continue delivering attractive returns to our shareholders. I'll begin with
some of the key highlights for this call on Slide 3.

In 2019, we earned $1.36 of adjusted EPS, 10% higher than in 2018 and toward the top end of our range
of $1.30 to $1.38. We are reaffirming our 7% to 9% average annual growth in adjusted EPS and parent
free cash flow through 2022. In 2019, after reducing our parent debt by half, we were upgraded to an
investment-grade rating for the first time in AES' history. In 2019, we completed construction of 2.2
gigawatts of new projects. We also signed 2.8 gigawatts of renewable contracts, bringing our backlog to
6.1 gigawatts. This pace puts us on track to nearly triple our portfolio of renewables in operation to 22
gigawatts by the end of 2024 versus 2016.

We achieved critical milestones in expanding our LNG infrastructure in the Dominican Republic, Panama
and Vietnam. To accelerate a broader adoption of clean energy, we are delivering innovative energy
solutions through our leading platforms, including Fluence, Uplight and our strategic alliance with Google.

Considering our success to date in substantially lowering our carbon intensity, today, I'm announcing a
target to reduce our coal-fired generation to below 30%, measured in megawatt hours by the end of this
year. Furthermore, we expect to reduce it to less than 10% by 2030.

Turning now to our strategy on Slide 4. We spent the last several years positioning AES to lead the energy
transition and cementing our place as a top renewables developer throughout the Western Hemisphere.
Today, I will discuss the 3 core themes of our strategy: investing in sustainable growth, offering innovative
solutions and delivering superior results.

Through our strong presence in key markets, we are well positioned to benefit from the global transition
towards more sustainable energy. In these markets, we see growth in clean energy of 30 gigawatts per
year. By capitalizing on our competitive position and the dynamics favoring clean power generation, we
have had great success in increasing our backlog of signed PPAs.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

THE AES CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 28, 2020

Turning now to that backlog of projects, beginning on Slide 5. In 2019, we signed long-term PPAs for
2.8 gigawatts, of which approximately half is wind, 40% is solar and 10% is energy storage. 40% of this
capacity is in the U.S. and 60% is located internationally.

Turning to Slide 6, beginning with the U.S. Our sPower and AES Distributed Energy businesses maintained
their momentum by adding more than 1 gigawatt of new long-term contracted renewable projects to our
backlog. The rate of growth from our distributed energy business is particularly impressive. In 2019, it
signed 365 megawatts under long-term PPAs, 3x more than in 2018. One of the reasons for this business'
success is its deep knowledge of customers in specific markets, including Hawaii and the Northeastern U.S.
For example, in Hawaii, we delivered the world's largest solar-plus-storage project. And during the year,
we were awarded an additional 205 megawatts of similar projects.

As a reminder, our renewable investments are expected to produce low- to high-teen IRRs across our
markets, assuming conservative terminal values. We have some unique advantages that allow us to earn
these attractive returns, such as our presence in growth markets and our 25 gigawatts of development
pipeline, including land and interconnection rights; our ability to bring low-cost capital to optimize AES'
return on equity; and our relationship with key customers, including those for whom we are implementing
our Green Blend and Extend product.

Now to Slide 7. As of the end of last year, our backlog of projects with signed PPAs was 6.1 gigawatts,
half of which was under construction. Approximately 80% of the total or 4.8 gigawatts is renewables, split
among hydro, solar, wind and energy storage.

In terms of the 3 gigawatts that was under construction, I am pleased to announce that the 1.3-gigawatt
Southland repowering project achieved commercial operations on February 6. This project was completed
ahead of time and slightly under budget and is helping support the reliability of the grid in Southern
California. The remaining 1.7 gigawatts under construction are renewables and energy storage. The
majority of these projects are expected to come online in 2020 and the remainder in 2021.

In addition to our 6.1-gigawatt backlog and the 2 to 3 gigawatts of annual renewable PPAs that we expect
to sign, we see opportunities for attractive investments that are not currently included in our forecast,
such as further rate-based growth at DPL and IPL as well as more renewables and energy storage.

Turning to Slide 9. Another example of how we are achieving sustainable growth is AES Gener, which is
one of our most important businesses. AES Gener is transforming its portfolio by growing its wind and
solar businesses and strengthening its balance sheet. Under its Green Blend and Extend strategy, AES
Gener is negotiating new long-term renewable PPAs with existing customers, which preserves the value
of its thermal contract and creates incremental value with long-term contracted renewables. Customers
receive carbon-free energy at less than the marginal cost of thermal power, enabling them to meet their
sustainability goals and affordable energy needs.

In 2018, AES Gener announced its Green Blend and Extend strategy. And today, I'm pleased to report that
since then, it has executed 2.5 gigawatts of long-term renewable contracts, the majority of which were
signed in the last 12 months. As a result, AES Gener has significantly diversified its generation mix and
has positioned itself to deliver attractive long-term growth. Specifically, these new contracts will more than
double its renewable capacity and largely offset the roll-off of legacy contracts in Chile through 2024.

In Colombia, AES Gener is successfully expanding from a single hydro asset to a broader portfolio, which
will include wind and solar. AES Gener will primarily serve its Green Blend and Extend contracts through
a combination of 1.6 gigawatts of new renewable capacity and its existing portfolio. We expect these new
projects to deliver mid-teen returns to AES. In addition to this new capacity, the Alto Maipo hydroelectric
complex will be substantially completed by the end of this year and will help supply these new PPAs.
Gustavo will discuss how AES Gener will fund the 1.6 gigawatts of new investments, including AES'
participation.

Now to Slide 10 and the second theme of our strategy. In addition to growing our core infrastructure
business, we're also developing new solutions to meet increasing customer demand for 24/7 renewable
power and greater energy efficiency. Our focus is on solutions that are scalable and relatively capital-light,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

THE AES CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 28, 2020

which allow us to work with our customers to co-create applications that meet their most critical energy
needs.

A key platform for us in this area is our energy storage business, Fluence, which continues to be the global
market leader. Through this partnership with Siemens, we are well positioned to benefit from the expected
15 to 20 gigawatts of annual growth in energy storage globally. Today, we're already seeing that nearly
half of all solar projects in the U.S. include a storage component.

In 2019, Fluence won contracts for 961 megawatts and has tripled its backlog since 2018 to a record of
1.2 gigawatts, which equates to roughly $1 billion in revenue. Fluence is cash- and margin-positive and is
continuing to expand its capabilities, including modular, prefab and solar DC cups products to address new
market opportunities.

Across all of our platforms, we've also been incorporating innovative applications. An example is a 10-
megawatt, 5-hour duration energy storage facility at AES Gener's Alfalfal hydro plant in Chile. This
groundbreaking project will serve as the first virtual reservoir in the world, providing the run-of-the-river
plant with capabilities similar to a traditional reservoir. AES Gener expects to inaugurate this project in
March, and it has the potential to increase this virtual reservoir by another 240 megawatts.

Turning to Slide 11. Last quarter, we announced a strategic alliance with Google to collaborate on
innovation across our business lines. We're actively working together to develop new solutions to
accelerate a broader adoption of renewables and energy storage and to improve the experience of
corporate customers. This alliance also encompasses energy management and opportunities to develop,
own and operate projects in targeted markets to help Google meet its clean energy objectives.

Now to Slide 12. Our strategic investment in Uplight continues to grow rapidly. As a reminder, Uplight
provides utilities with a suite of digital services, including an online marketplace. These solutions improve
end customer experiences while helping utilities balance energy demand and reduce service costs. This
business now works with over 80 electric and gas utilities and reaches over 100 million households and
businesses in the United States. Uplight has over $100 million in sales in 2019 with solid margin and
continues to fund growth without additional equity needs. We see Uplight as very well positioned to benefit
enormously from continued growth in cloud-based digital solutions in all aspects of energy management.

Finally, turning to Slide 13 and the third theme of our strategy, superior results. As we invest in
sustainable growth and offer innovative solutions to our customers, we are transforming our portfolio while
achieving superior financial results.

In late 2019, we received our first investment-grade rating and expect that we will receive another
investment-grade rating this year. Additionally, through 2022, our portfolio is expected to generate $3.4
billion of discretionary cash, which we will invest to continue to deliver double-digit total returns to our
shareholders. This return includes our dividend, which has grown by 30% over the last 5 years, and we
expect it will continue to increase by 4% to 6% annually.

Having the right energy mix is key to our future success. This morning, we announced a target to reduce
our generation from coal to below 30% of our total volume by the end of this year. Furthermore, we
expect to reduce generation from coal to less than 10% of our total by 2030. We are also committed to
providing timely and accurate ESG data. We were the first U.S. investor-owned company in our sector
to publish a climate scenario report, consistent with the recommendations of the task force on climate-
related financial disclosures. Additionally, we currently provide a substantial portion of the disclosures
recommended by FASB and expect to provide virtually all of the remaining data by the end of this year.

We're beginning to see the benefit of attracting a wider investor base that appreciates AES' growth in
clean energy and innovation while maintaining consistent financial performance.

Before I turn the call over to Gustavo, let me address the issue of COVID-19 or the coronavirus. As a long-
term contracted generator, overwhelmingly in U.S. dollars and the U.S. utility business, we see limited
impact from most likely scenarios from the coronavirus epidemic. Furthermore, as I have previously laid
out, AES has a strong pipeline of contracted, mostly renewable projects that ensure our growth over the
coming years. Although we may suffer some delivery delays, both our solar and energy storage businesses

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

THE AES CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 28, 2020

have largely secured their supplies of lithium-ion batteries and photovoltaic sales for this year. We will
continue to closely monitor the situation and take proactive measures to ensure the resiliency of our
business.

With that, let me turn the call over to Gustavo to discuss our financial results and capital allocation in
more detail.

Gustavo Duarte Pimenta
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Andrés. Today, I'll cover our financial results, credit profile and capital allocation. I will
conclude by addressing our guidance for this year and expectations through 2022.

As Andrés mentioned, we finished 2019 on a strong note, achieving the upper end range of our adjusted
EPS and setting a solid foundation for growth. As shown on Slide 15, adjusted EPS was $1.36 primarily
reflecting growth at our regulated utilities, contribution from new businesses, including renewables in AES
Colón, and a lower tax rate. These positive drivers were partially offset by the asset dispositions, including
2.6 gigawatt of coal-fired generation.

Turning to Slide 16. Adjusted pretax contribution, or PTC, was $1.2 billion for the year, an increase of $55
million. I'll cover our results in more detail over the next 4 slides, beginning on Slide 17.

The U.S. and Utilities SBU increased PTC reflects regulated rate cases completed in 2018 as well as
contributions from new renewables projects. These impacts were partially offset by the exit of coal-fired
generation at Shady Point and DPL. At our South America SBU, lower PTC was largely driven by lower
generation and asset sales, partially offset by better operating results at Guacolda and lower interest
expense in Chile. Higher PTC at our MCAC SBU reflects the commencement of operations at AES Colón and
better contracted prices in Panama as well as insurance recovery in the Dominican Republic and Panama
net of outage costs. Importantly, these facilities in the DR and Panama have resumed operations at full
capacity.

I would now like to discuss briefly the resilience of our portfolio. This was the worst hydrological year on
record in Panama, but the financial impact was significantly lower than in years past due to actions we
have taken to improve our portfolio. The addition of AES Colón not only diversifies our fuel mix but also
lowers the hydrologic exposure and spot price volatility of the entire system. This is just one example of
how our capital allocation strategy has enabled us to lower our overall EPS risk from hydrology, foreign
currency and commodities by 70% since 2011.

Turning back to PTC in Eurasia. Lower results primarily reflect asset sales in the United Kingdom,
Philippines and Netherlands.

Now to Slide 21. Before moving on, I wanted to provide a couple of business updates, starting with DPL
in Ohio. As you may know in November, the distribution modernization rider in DPL's electric security plan
was removed, and we reverted back to ESP 1. The net impact of this decision reduced PTC by about $50
million annually. Roughly $25 million of this relates to costs that would have been recovered through a
distribution investment rider. We expect it to start collecting this again in 2022 after new distribution rates
have been filed and approved.

In addition, as part of the order to revert to ESP 1, DPL needs to pass certain regulatory tasks, including
the significantly excessive earnings test seat in April. This test of customer for regulated utilities in Ohio
and use it to assess regulated returns. We feel good about our ability to pass these tests and maintain ESP
1 rates.

Although the overall tariff reduction last year was disappointing, AES continues to be fully committed
to DPL, and we look forward to resuming our discussions around smart grid and other modernization
investment opportunities. DPL has the lowest residential tariff in Ohio, and we believe there continue to be
significant opportunities to improve value to our customers. We expect that you'll have more details about
DPL's investment plan in the following quarters.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

THE AES CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 28, 2020

Regarding Argentina, yesterday, the new administration announced anticipated reforms. As part of that,
all-in prices have been reduced by about 15% to 20%, and the regulated tariffs have been linked to
Argentina peso with local inflation adjustments. This is in line with our expectations following last year's
election, and it is fully reflected in our guidance and expectations for 2022 and beyond.

Importantly, we have also had some positive developments that work to offset the regulatory changes
in Ohio and Argentina, highlighting once again the resilience of our portfolio. This includes the potential
extension of our existing legacy generation at Southland, early efficiency gains from our cost savings and
digital initiatives and opportunistic refinancings, leveraging a historical low interest rate environment.
Regarding Southland, approval is still pending by the state water board and local permitting authorities
and is expected for the second half of this year.

Now turning to our credit profile on Slide 22. Since 2011, we have reduced our parent debt by $3.1 billion
or 50%. At year-end, our parent leverage was 3.7x, and our FFO-to-debt was 21%, comfortably within the
investment-grade thresholds of 4x and 20%, respectively. After having attained our first investment-grade
rating in November, we continue to expect a second upgrade this year.

Turning to our 2019 parent capital allocation on Slide 23, beginning on the left-hand side. Sources reflect
$1.4 billion of total discretionary cash. This is largely consistent with our previous call, with the exception
of the announced Jordan sale, which we now expected to close in the first half of this year.

Now to use on the right-hand side. Roughly 60% of our discretionary cash was allocated to shareholder
dividend and debt reduction and the remaining amount we invested in our subsidiaries, primarily in our
renewables backlog.

Turning to our guidance on Slide 24. Today, we are initiating guidance for 2020 adjusted EPS of $1.40
to $1.48. Growth this year will be driven by the completion of our 1.3-gigawatt Southland repowering,
which came online earlier this month and a full year of operations at OPGC 2 in India. Continued growth
in renewals, including 1.5 gigawatt is scheduled to reach commercial operations this year, efficiency gains
from cost cutting and our digital initiatives and a lower interest expense due to refinancing benefits and
completed debt reduction. This growth will be partially offset by the reversion to ESP 1 at DPL in Ohio,
reduced tariffs in Argentina and a slightly higher tax rate.

I will note that much of our growth will begin contributing later in the year, and our EPS is expected to be
more weighted towards the second half. For instance, although Southland came online this month, it will
be operating on a merchant basis until the PPA begins in June.

Turning to Slide 25. Parent free cash flow is expected to be from $725 million to $775 million this year and
is expected to grow 7% to 9% per year through 2022 off a 2018 base.

Now to 2020 parent capital allocation on Slide 26, beginning on the left-hand side. Sources reflect $1.3
billion of total discretionary cash, including roughly $750 million of parent free cash flow. Sources also
include $550 million in asset sale proceeds.

Moving to the uses in the right-hand side. Including the 5% dividend increase we announced in December,
we'll be returning $381 million to shareholders this year. We do not plan any additional debt reduction
beyond repayment of the $180 million of temporary drawing on our revolver. Our credit metrics are very
strong and we'll continue to improve on the strength of our cash flow alone. And we plan to invest $750
million in our subsidiaries, including our equity for the Southland repowering, our renewables backlog and
the Green Blend and Extend strategy at AES Gener.

As Andrés mentioned, AES Gener has been successfully executing its decarbonization strategy by securing
2.5 gigawatt of renewable energy contracts. This includes growth in Colombia, where AES Gener is
diversifying away from the single hydro asset to include new wind and solar resources. This replicates
what AES has done in other markets such as Panama, where the addition of AES Colón diversified our
portfolio and materially enhanced the value of our existing assets.

As a result of its successful strategy execution, today, AES Gener announced a $500 million equity
issuance to help fund its $1.8 billion renewable growth program. And AES will be participating with our pro

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

THE AES CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 28, 2020

rata share of approximately $335 million. We believe this investment will create significant value to our
shareholders and will allow AES Gener to remain an important contributor for AES' earnings and cash flow
for years to come.

Finally, moving to our capital allocation from 2020 through 2022, beginning on Slide 27. We expect
our portfolio to generate $3.4 billion in discretionary cash. 3/4 of this is expected to be generated from
parent free cash flow, with the remaining $900 million coming from asset sale proceeds. This reflects an
increase in targeted asset sales of roughly $400 million since our last call, which is fully incorporated in
our guidance for the year and in the 7% to 9% growth rate. Given the range of opportunities we have, we
feel confident in achieving this additional sales target in the next few years.

Turning to the use of this discretionary cash on Slide 28. Roughly 1/3 of this cash will be allocated to
shareholder dividends. Looking forward, subject to annual review by the Board, we continue to expect
to increase the dividend by 4% to 6% per year, in line with the industry average. We are also expecting
to use $1.6 billion to invest in our backlog, new projected PPAs, T&D investments at IPL and the partial
funding of our Vietnam LNG project and the investments in AES Gener acquisitions. Once completed, these
projects will contribute to our growth through 2022 and beyond. The remaining $400 million of unallocated
cash is largely weighted towards 2022 and will be used in accordance with our capital allocation framework
to achieve our financial objectives.

Based on the significant transformation we have achieved at AES in the last several years, we now have
a much stronger balance sheet and portfolio of assets. As such, we are well positioned to capitalize on
our leadership in the global energy transition while delivering very solid financial performance for our
shareholders.

With that, I'll turn the call back over to Andrés.

Andrés Ricardo Gluski Weilert
Former Executive Officer

Thank you, Gustavo. Before we open the call to your questions, I will summarize the key points we have
made this morning. Through the actions we have taken over the last several years, we have greatly
enhanced the resiliency of our portfolio. In 2019, this was reflected in our financial performance as well as
the investment-grade rating we achieved. By adding 2.8 gigawatts of renewables to our backlog, we have
cemented our position as the leader in the global transition to cleaner energy. By successfully executing
on its Green Blend and Extend strategy, AES Gener signed 2.5 gigawatts of renewable contracts. These
contracts will ensure strong earnings at AES Gener by largely offsetting the roll-off of legacy contracts
expiring through 2024.

We are also accelerating a cleaner energy future by delivering innovative solutions through Fluence,
Uplight and our strategic alliance with Google. We are targeting a reduction in coal generation to below
30% by the end of this year and to less than 10% by 2030.

Finally, we are reaffirming our 7% to 9% average annual growth in adjusted EPS and parent free cash
flow through 2022, which along with our growing dividend, will deliver double-digit total returns to our
shareholders.
Operator, we're now ready to take your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

THE AES CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 28, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

So if I can dig in a little bit on the latest capital raises in Gener as well as the uptick in renewable spending
here and the equity involved, how do you think about the current outlook reconciling versus the long-term
earnings growth rate, right? So you've seen a further uptick in the CapEx in renewables, does that put you
in a different place relative to that range? How do you think about your disclosed CapEx at this $8 billion
mark relative to achieving your longer-term targets?

And again, this is more of, as you ramp up, how do you think about where you are within that range? And
then maybe a sub-point on that is how should we think about that global renewables investment relative
to the capital raise at Gener? I suspect it's a different number than the CapEx on that front.

Andrés Ricardo Gluski Weilert
Former Executive Officer

Okay. Let me take sort of the big picture. Let's start with Gener. So in the case of AES Gener, the capital
raise is to fund the very successful Green Blend and Extend. We've gotten 2.5 gigawatts of Green Blend
and Extend PPAs. This is good for the existing assets. This is good for us because we get these long-term
contracted renewables. Average life is around 17 years.

So that is what we're raising the capital for. That's -- because that's up and above. We did very well in
doing that, and Gener needs to raise the money. And it basically will largely offset the roll-off of existing
thermal contracts that Gener has through 2024. So that's one thing. So basically, the capital raise at
Gener and our participation, we think it's a good investment. These are renewable contracts in dollars,
inflation-adjusted. And we want to fund that growth and really move Gener into the -- a sustainable long-
term future.

Regarding our other investments -- now this basically keeps us on the targets that we have given before.
So we're on target. We are successfully delivering on these renewables. And what we're seeing is our
investments in some of the most -- more innovative fields, whether it be Fluence, whether it be Uplight,
are going to help us achieve those renewable goals and also achieve our financial targets.

So it's all coming together very nicely. And what this really is allowing us to do is to meet our financial
guidance and commitments, while at the same time decarbonizing even faster.

So that really is, I'd say, a big story. I think Gustavo will add something.

Gustavo Duarte Pimenta
Executive VP & CFO

I would just add, Julien, I think one of the benefits of -- especially this investment in Gener, is the post-'22
story, right? So a lot of the investments that we are doing now will help, as we said in the call, sustain the
earnings and cash flow that AES Gener has been providing to AES. So it's not within the 7% to 9%. It's
going to be post that period, but it allows AES to continue to sustain growth post-2022.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Got it. So if I can clarify briefly, the $330 million is above and beyond what you have in your global
renewables, CapEx and equity, right?

Gustavo Duarte Pimenta

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

THE AES CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 28, 2020

Executive VP & CFO

That's right.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

And that's for your contributions? And again, a critical point that you're making is that the investments in
that $330 million are targeted beyond the growth range that you're currently talking about?

Gustavo Duarte Pimenta
Executive VP & CFO

That is exactly right. And we increased the asset sales, which is helping funding some of the investments.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Got it. And if I could say it even more succinctly, if I'm hearing you right, you think that based on the
broad assumptions that you're looking at, you can keep AES Gener earnings and cash flow largely intact
after '22 as soon as the contracts roll off?

Gustavo Duarte Pimenta
Executive VP & CFO

That is exactly -- Gener will provide more detail on their call, but that is exactly the way we see it.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Right. And that's with the existing set? Or you still need to scale up the Gener to get that level?

Gustavo Duarte Pimenta
Executive VP & CFO

No, with existing -- with these new contracts and assuming the roll-off of the legacy assets.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

You're already there, is what you're saying?

Gustavo Duarte Pimenta
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. That's correct.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Charles Fishman with Morningstar.

Charles J. Fishman
Morningstar Inc., Research Division

Slide 15, I look at -- I'm sorry. I got the wrong -- wait, I'm on the wrong slide deck. I apologize here.
It's the slide that shows 2019 headwinds on an EPS basis. There it is, Slide 15 on the slide deck, a $0.12
headwind? What will be the -- and looking at Slide 45, which has the PTCs, it doesn't look like asset sales
will be a big headwind in 2020. Am I correct on that?

Gustavo Duarte Pimenta
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I mean 2020 -- that's right. I think we continue to have some asset sales in the plan we have at
this range. So I think what is important is my 7% to 9%, even with the increase in asset sales that we

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

THE AES CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 28, 2020

presented, they are incorporated in those numbers. So the 2020 EPS already has whatever dilution we
have as a result of asset sales. It's incorporated in that 7% to 9% growth, if I answered your question.

Charles J. Fishman
Morningstar Inc., Research Division

Yes. No, I think you did. Okay. Second question is, I think, Andrés, I -- boy, this is the first call in quite a
while. I didn't hear Alto Maipo mentioned. Is no news, good news? Will it still go operational this year?

Andrés Ricardo Gluski Weilert
Former Executive Officer

Yes. Yes. In this case, look, Alto Maipo is 90% completed. It has sort of 2 phases. So the first phase is
we only have, I think, less than -- a little bit more than 3 miles of tunneling left. So most of the tunneling
on Phase 1 is done, and we expect it to be substantially completed by the end of this year. And so we're
already putting in the electronics and machinery. And so it's going forward well. So that's why we didn't
talk about it because it's going forward. And again, it is part of this, let's say, transformation at Gener
towards a much lower carbon intensity.

Charles J. Fishman
Morningstar Inc., Research Division

So the tunneling -- tunnel-boring machines that were the cause of the problem initially, those are
operating pretty well now, and we're over that.

Andrés Ricardo Gluski Weilert
Former Executive Officer

Yes. A lot of them have actually finished their task and have been taken out. So I think we have 2 left. At
one point, we had 6, which was probably the most, I think, of any project in the world.

So yes, I mean, there were issues with the rock quality and more than anything else. So that's basically
been overcome. What will continue in 2021 is what's called Volcán, which is basically just to bring
additional water to the project. But the project will have its full capacity of 531 megawatts.

But what is very interesting also is this first virtual reservoir, which we have 10 megawatts up and
running. And the regulation is in place. It's 5-hour batteries, and then it will allow us to dispatch this run-
of-the-river plant differently, take advantage of differences in daily pricing. And if this goes well, we could
expand this from 10 megawatts to 240, which would be really substantial. So realize that the Alto Maipo
together with Alfalfal, so together, this is 750 megawatts of hydro, close to the load center of Chile in
Santiago. So it really will be a terrific asset.

Operator

The next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Maybe just in thinking about some of the businesses like Fluence and Uplight and the Google partnership,
could you -- I'm not sure -- I don't think you kind of can disclose like financial impacts from them yet. But
-- and I don't know when they can be material to the company. Can you maybe give some color on how
we could see value from them kind of show up to the AES holder?

Andrés Ricardo Gluski Weilert
Former Executive Officer

Sure. Yes, that's a great question. So let's take Fluence, which is the most mature. In the case of Fluence,
this is a market which is -- and a technology, which is really hitting, I would say, very rapid rates of
growth. Anybody you will talk to will talk about, whether it's the U.S., whether it's India, tens of gigawatts
of energy storage, which is needed to be able to operate the greater numbers of renewables. And the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

THE AES CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 28, 2020

technology keeps improving. We're coming out with new products. We'll be launching them this year,
which will help lower costs. And for example, prefab, modular, et cetera. So that's very exciting.

Now getting to valuation. As I've said in the past, we would like and to really get a marker by having our
capital raise at Fluence, so that you can see what was the value created. So as you know, we feel that
there's a lot of values being created. We think it would be a unique asset in the market. There's nothing
else similar to it. So we're working on that.

Regarding Uplight, we first bought Simple Energy and then we merged it with Uplight. And the valuation
that we got from Simple Energy in that merger was up about 100% from what we paid in less than 2
years. So Uplight is, again, doing many things for a lot of people in terms of being really a cloud-based
digital services provider for utilities, really the leader in the field. And it's also helping us with our cost
savings and quality improvement as well. So that one, probably, longer term. I mean we're already seeing
the benefits in terms of our own operations in terms of the things that we can offer.

And you're right, especially in the case of Google, there's not that much that we can disclose other than
this involves, as I said, energy management, providing them with energy. We have our first PPA in Chile
to provide them with renewable power. And what's very interesting to them is really our ability to provide
24/7 renewables. So we're working on a number of fields with them. And in all of these is how we really
get a competitive edge in renewables, that -- combining that with our existing platforms and existing
client relationships.

Operator

This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to
Ahmed Pasha for any closing remarks.

Ahmed Pasha
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, everybody, for joining us on today's call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer
any follow-up questions you may have. Thanks, and have a nice day.

Operator
This conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation, you may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

THE AES CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 28, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

