Assurant, Inc. NYSE:AIZ
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, November 03, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.99

1.41

Revenue  (mm)

2114.66

2502.50

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-26-2020 7:30 PM GMT

42.42

18.34

2.29

8.70

10.69

2171.05

8711.31

9057.33

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

2.35

2.43

2.12

0.99

2.25

2.64

2.75

1.41

SURPRISE

(4.26 %)

8.64 %

29.72 %

42.42 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
ASSURANT, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Alan B. Colberg
President, CEO & Director

Francesca Luthi
Executive VP and Chief
Communication, Administrative &
Marketing Officer

Richard Steven Dziadzio
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Bose Thomas George
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Brian Robert Meredith
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Gary Kent Ransom
Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC

Mark Douglas Hughes
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Michael Wayne Phillips
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ASSURANT, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to Assurant's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions]
It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Francesca Luthi, Chief Administrative Officer of Assurant.
You may begin.

Francesca Luthi
Executive VP and Chief Communication, Administrative & Marketing Officer

Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our third quarter 2020
results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Alan Colberg, our President and Chief
Executive Officer; and Richard Dziadzio, our Chief Financial Officer.

Yesterday, after the market closed, we issued a news release announcing our results for the third quarter
2020. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available on assurant.com.

We'll start today's call with brief remarks from Alan and Richard before moving into a Q&A session.

Some of the statements made today are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks,
uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated
by these statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found in yesterday's earnings
release as well as in our SEC reports.

During today's call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in
evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable
GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to yesterday's news release and financial
supplement.

Now I'll turn the call over to Alan.

Alan B. Colberg
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Francesca. Good morning, everyone. We are pleased with our third quarter operating results,
which demonstrate the continued resiliency and strength of our business portfolio. Our track record of
delivering strong, profitable growth, not just this quarter, but over the past few years, reinforces our
strategic direction and our confidence in the future growth prospects of Assurant.

Last week, we made 2 announcements that underscore our focus on our market-leading lifestyle and
housing businesses while capitalizing on the convergence of the connected mobile device, car and home.
Our Connected Living, Global Automotive and multifamily housing businesses have a history of profitable
growth, and we believe compelling future growth potential. In addition, our specialty P&C offerings,
including lender-placed insurance, are extremely well positioned. The countercyclical nature and strong
returns of the business continue to make it a critical part of our portfolio.

Together, lifestyle and housing should drive ongoing above-market growth and superior cash flow
generation with the ability to outperform in any economic cycle and, ultimately, to create greater
shareholder value over time.

Our acquisition of HYLA Mobile, a leading provider of smartphone software and trade-in and upgrade
services, will strengthen our market position with increased scale, complementary client bases and
favorable tailwinds in the global mobile market. We value HYLA at the multiple of low teens forward
EBITDA. The combination of its patented software technology and trade-in capabilities with Assurant's
end-to-end mobile device life cycle management expertise will deliver 3 primary benefits: first, it
will enhance the customer experience, making it easier for consumers to get trade-in value for their
used mobile devices without an in-person inspection; second, it will improve program economics and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ASSURANT, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

performance for our partners, including higher trade-in attachment rates; and finally, it will further
strengthen Assurant's ability to take advantage of the 5G smartphone upgrade cycle.

HYLA also has strong relationships with marquee partners, complementary to Assurant's client base across
our critical distribution channels and geographies and including leading U.S. and Japanese mobile carriers
as well as major global OEMs.

As we announced, we intend to fund our acquisition through a combination of cash on hand at the holding
company and new debt issued prior to closing so that we can continue to optimize our capital structure
while maintaining investment-grade ratings.

To better align resources to the best market opportunities within lifestyle and housing, we've also
announced a review of strategic alternatives for Global Preneed, including a potential sale. This decision
was not an easy one, given the strength of the business and the considerable value its employees brought
to Assurant. Global Preneed is a strong business with over 2 million policyholders throughout the U.S. and
Canada. It has delivered consistent growth while generating robust cash flow and above-market returns.

It has nearly $6 billion in investable assets and is relatively low-risk compared to other life insurance-type
products. However, we believe the business has been historically undervalued as part of Assurant. So a
transaction should unlock significant value by allowing us to deepen our focus on consumers' connected
lifestyle and our differentiated P&C businesses. We expect that any proceeds from a potential transaction
will be deployed to fund business growth with excess funds returned to shareholders over time. In the
months ahead, we will provide updates on our progress as appropriate. And as always, during this time,
we will continue to honor our commitments to clients and policyholders while delivering exceptional
service.

Now I'll provide a few key highlights from the third quarter that affirm our continued progress within our
lifestyle and housing businesses.

Within Connected Living, we've grown earnings 22% year-to-date. As we focus on continuing to drive
long-term growth, we are moving forward with the build-out of our full-service customer capabilities to
deliver superior customer service to our 54 million mobile subscribers.

This quarter, we also acquired Fixt, providing mobile customers increased choice through a come-to-you
repair capability. This acquisition complements last year's purchase of Cell Phone Repair, or CPR, that
delivers the same-day local repair option. Like HYLA, these investments will support the acceleration of our
strategy by expanding our capabilities and offerings as we anticipate the ever-evolving needs of connected
consumers.

We also recently launched Pocket Geek Home , which offers personalized tech support and bundled
protection of at-home technology, including laptops, gaming systems and other electronics from accidental
damage and mechanical breakdown. While it is still early, we believe this offering is an important step in
the development of future-connected lifestyle protection products.

In Global Automotive, we remain focused on opportunities to leverage our leadership position to scale in
key global markets.

In the U.K., we recently launched a new product for electric and hybrid vehicles called EV One. This
includes a new partnership with a London electric vehicle company that will cover their iconic London black
cabs and electric van models. This supports the continued growth of our auto business globally, while also
gaining further insights into the evolving electric vehicle market, and it supports the U.K.'s move toward
EV as a standard by 2035.

Within Global Financial Services, we are pleased to announce the launch of a new partnership in Canada
with the Bank of Montreal, leveraging our omnichannel customer capabilities as we continue to reposition
the business for profitable growth long term.

Moving to Global Housing. We extended our agreement with yet another client in the lender-placed
business. We've now renewed 20 clients, representing more than 85% of our tracked loans since the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ASSURANT, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

beginning of 2019. Lender-placed is a critical part of the mortgage landscape in the U.S. and continues to
be an important component of our long-term strategy.

In multifamily housing, we grew revenue and policies by 8% and 9%, respectively, year-over-year. Our
Cover 360 property management solution continues to gain momentum and drive higher penetration of
renters insurance with our property management company partners. The product, formerly known as Point
of Lease, allows the customer to combine their payment of rent and insurance. The solution now includes
insurance tracking, verification and policy placement to eliminate coverage gaps. We're now tracking more
than 335,000 rental units, which grew 40% since the second quarter.

We also believe that our increased investments around the connected home and connected apartment will
drive new opportunities to increase P&C penetration rates.

Turning to our key financial metrics. We're pleased with our progress against our 2020 objectives. Through
the first 9 months, net operating earnings per share, excluding catastrophes, increased 25% year-over-
year to $8.69.

Net operating income, excluding catastrophes, was up 21% to $527 million. COVID-19 did not have a
material impact on year-to-date results.

For the full year, we now expect our operating earnings per share, excluding catastrophes, to grow
between 17% to 21% compared to 2019, well ahead of our initial expectations. The revised outlook
largely reflects Global Housing's favorable non-catastrophe loss experience through the first 9 months of
2020 as well as continued growth in Connected Living and our disciplined expense management.

Our capital position has remained strong throughout the pandemic. In the quarter, we resumed buybacks,
and we've now returned over 50% of our $1.35 billion objective from 2019 through the end of September.
We expect to return the balance by the end of 2021 as we originally planned, primarily supported by the
strong cash flow generated by our lifestyle and housing businesses.

All of this is a reflection of the continued dedication of our 14,000-plus employees globally. They continue
to do an outstanding job of managing through the COVID pandemic, while providing exceptional support
to our customers, including those impacted by natural disasters this year.

I'll now turn the call over to Richard to review third quarter results, recent trends and our 2020 outlook in
more detail. Richard?

Richard Steven Dziadzio
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Alan, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to start by saying that we're really pleased with our
third quarter. We reported operating earnings per share, excluding catastrophe losses, of $2.85, up 25%
from the prior year period.

Net operating income for the quarter, also excluding catastrophe losses, was $172 million, an increase of
22% from last year largely due to more favorable noncat loss experienced in Global Housing, continued
momentum in Global Lifestyle and improved results in Global Preneed. Sales trends across the board have
been improving from lows recorded in March and April at the height of the pandemic, and we are seeing
more normalized levels of COVID-related claims activity in Global Lifestyle and Global Housing.

Now let's review segment results in greater detail, starting with Global Lifestyle. This segment reported
earnings of $107 million in the third quarter, up 4% compared to the prior year period. This increase
was primarily driven by Connected Living, where we benefited from new mobile subscribers. Improved
profitability within extended service contracts also contributed to growth in the quarter.

Within Global Automotive, results reflected continued pressure from lower investment income and
investments to support growth.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ASSURANT, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Declines in Global Financial Services reflected lower card balances and volumes as well as less favorable
loss experience, some of which was attributable to COVID. We also incurred additional expenses to launch
new client programs.

Looking at total revenue, net earned premiums and fees grew by $56 million or 3%. The increase was
driven primarily by 14% growth in Global Automotive, including prior period sales of vehicle service
contracts. We're continuing to monitor sales trends, which has stabilized but still trail 2019 levels on a
year-to-date basis due to impacts from COVID.

Global Lifestyle revenue growth was partially offset by lower revenue from mobile trade-in, primarily
due to the contract change we disclosed last quarter. This change lowered revenues by $39 million as we
changed reporting from a gross sales basis per device to a flat fee per device. As a reminder, this change
will remove some of the revenue and expense variability we have historically seen in our financial results
and mitigate supply and demand pricing risk.

Overall, for the full year 2020, we continue to expect Global Lifestyle to grow net operating income when
compared to full year 2019.

Looking ahead, we anticipate an uptick in trade-in activity in the fourth quarter, which will continue into
the beginning of next year. Volumes will depend on the following: the timing and availability of devices for
new phone introductions, the level of carrier promotions and the growth from new business.

Looking ahead to 2021, we expect earnings expansion within lifestyle to moderate from the strong 2020
levels, which benefited from 3 items: first, $16 million of onetime benefits year-to-date; second, lower
claims during the first few months of the COVID pandemic; and finally, lower expenditures on categories
such as travel, given the uncertainty around the pandemic. We also expect ongoing headwinds from low
interest rates on investment income.

Moving now to Global Housing. Net operating income for the third quarter totaled $13 million compared
to $42 million in the third quarter of 2019. The decrease was primarily due to $51 million of higher
reportable catastrophes. As we preannounced, we incurred a total of $87 million of after-tax cat losses
related to several hurricanes and wildfires in the U.S. Nearly half of the losses in the quarter were from
Hurricane Laura, with the remainder primarily related to Hurricane Sally and Isaias, as well as wildfires in
California and Oregon.

Excluding catastrophe losses, earnings increased $23 million year-over-year or 30% to $100 million.
Approximately 2/3 of the increase was due to favorable non-cat loss experience across specialty products
and lender-placed. This included $8 million of favorable experience that we don't expect going forward,
including reserve releases related to runoff businesses. Improvements in underwriting and product
changes also led to more favorable experience.

We also benefited from continued growth in multifamily housing from affinity partners. Within lender-
placed, the results also reflected higher premium rates. Growth was partially offset by the reduction in
policies in force, driven by declining REO volumes from the current foreclosure moratoriums and the
previously disclosed financially insolvent client.

Looking at placement rates. We recorded a 2 basis point sequential increase in the quarter to 1.58%. This
was a attributable to a shift in business mix. It's not an indication of a broader macro housing shift.

Turning to Global Housing revenues. Net earned premiums and fees decreased 4%. Similar to last quarter,
this was driven mainly by 3 items: The exit of small commercial, the insolvent lender-placed client, and
lower REO volumes. This decrease was partially offset by growth in our multifamily housing and specialty
property businesses. Multifamily housing revenues increased, driven mainly by growth from our affinity
partners.

For the full year, we expect Global Housing's net operating income, excluding cats, to increase year-over-
year, driven by favorable non-GAAP loss experience as well as improved results in each line of business.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ASSURANT, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Looking ahead, we expect to see more normalized non-cat loss experience, lower REO volumes due
to foreclosure moratoriums that have now been extended through the remainder of 2020 and lower
investment income due to lower yields.

Specifically, in the fourth quarter, we also expect Hurricane Delta to be a reportable event, likely in the
range of $12 million to $20 million pretax, subject to further claims analysis. And while still too early in
the claims process to speculate, Hurricane Zeta will likely be a reportable event as well. We will provide an
update prior to fourth quarter earnings, if necessary.

Now let's move to Global Preneed. Overall, the business continues to perform well. The segment reported
net operating income of $13 million, an increase of $6 million year-over-year. The absence of the negative
onetime accounting adjustment in the third quarter of last year was offset by lower investment income
this quarter.

While market mortality trends have fluctuated during the pandemic, the impact on mortality on earnings
continued to be immaterial in the quarter.

Revenue for preneed was up slightly, primarily due to continued growth in sales of our Final Need product,
and we are pleased to see a rebound in face sales since the second quarter, reflecting the reopening of
funeral homes. Overall, for Global Preneed, we expect 2020 earnings will approximate 2019 reported
results.

Moving to corporate. The net operating loss was $23 million compared to $21 million in the third quarter
of 2019. This was primarily due to lower investment income. For the full year, we expect 2020 corporate
net operating loss to approximate $90 million, mainly as the result of lower investment income and
investments for growth.

Turning to holding company liquidity. We ended September with $460 million or $235 million above our
current minimum target level. In the third quarter, dividends from our operating segments totaled $245
million.

In addition to our quarterly corporate and interest expenses, we also had outflows from 3 items: first, we
bought back $70 million of stock after resuming share repurchases in the quarter; second, we paid $42
million in common and preferred stock dividends; and finally, we had approximately $10 million of net
cash outflows related to the acquisitions of Alegre and Fixt and the sale of our CLO platform. In the fourth
quarter through October 30, we repurchased an additional 330,000 shares for $41 million.

Regarding the new debt issuance to support the financing of HYLA, we continue to target an overall
debt-to-capital ratio of less than 30% and expect to remain within that target while also maintaining
investment-grade ratings.

For Global Preneed, we reported a $136 million goodwill impairment charge. This was related to the
decision to explore strategic alternatives for this segment, combined with the impact of the low interest
rate environment. This is a noncash charge and runs through net income.

Moving forward. For the year overall, we still expect dividends to approximate segment earnings, subject
to: the growth of the businesses, rating agency and regulatory capital requirements and the performance
of the investment portfolio.

In summary, we've delivered solid results and maintained a strong financial position throughout the
pandemic. As we approach year-end, we remain focused on meeting our 2020 financial objectives and on
building a stronger Assurant for the future.
And with that, operator, please open the call for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ASSURANT, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from the line of Mark Hughes from Truist.

Mark Douglas Hughes
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Hope you all are well. On the vehicle business, the Global Automotive had a nice acceleration in earned
premiums and fees, up into the 13%, 14%. I think you had said that the new sales were still kind of
lagging behind last year and year-to-date. Something is going on with the earned with the pickup there?

Alan B. Colberg
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Maybe, Mark, let me start and then, Richard, you can give a little more color.

If you look at the impacts of COVID in auto, we saw a real slowdown in the sales back in March and April.
Since then, we've been recovering. And our -- if you look at the current run rate, it's basically at or above
2019 levels. We just haven't fully caught up the gap that happened early in the year on kind of new sales
for this year. But the momentum is strong, and the business is strong.

Richard, do you want to talk a little bit more about what's happening with NEP?

Richard Steven Dziadzio
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Exactly. And then, again, that's exactly right. The only other thing I would add is, is obviously, some
of the earned premium is what we've written historically, not just this year, in prior years, too. So from
time to time, we've had season -- seasonality where sales can be a little bit higher.

So the earnings can be a little bit higher. I always think, relative to auto, as in other lines of business, it's
good to look at it on a kind of a year-to-date basis and look over the last 6 months or year for trends.

Alan B. Colberg
President, CEO & Director

Yes. The other thing I might add, Mark, is as we look to the future, we feel very well positioned, going
back to the reasons why we purchased the Warranty Group.

And you heard in the prepared remarks, we highlighted another step forward in electric, which I think will
position us to be one of the leaders around that as it grows in the market.

So well positioned, performing well, and we look good as we look to the future for auto.

Mark Douglas Hughes
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Just talk a little bit about the HYLA acquisition in terms of potential for customer expansion, where they
have relationships that you could perhaps build on.

Alan B. Colberg
President, CEO & Director

Yes. What's interesting about HYLA is it really complements our business and what we do. So we have
our set of clients. We have end-to-end capabilities. What they have are generally different clients. So
they bring a variety of clients that we currently don't have a significant business with. So they also bring
a really superior software as a service and analytic capability that we can incorporate and drive into our
programs over time.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ASSURANT, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

They've delivered strong double-digit growth over the past 3 years within their base. Now they've started
to expand. And together, we'll have now more than 30-plus trade-in programs that are operating in key
markets around the world and positions us well for the 5G megatrend. We don't know fully whether that
will be a '21 event or a '22 event, but we'll be the partner of choice, I think, for trade-in buyback around
the world after we close on HYLA.

Mark Douglas Hughes
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

And then finally, your current thoughts on the lender-placed business, when you look at the nonserious
delinquencies. What do you think is going to shape up '21?

Alan B. Colberg
President, CEO & Director

So right now, we're -- as we've talked about in the prepared remarks, we're seeing some -- well let me
back up even more. That business is in a good place, right? We've been able, over the last few years,
to get the earnings, ex-cat, to be stable, independent of any growth in the business. And through the
evolution of our product, the things we've done over the past decade, we're really well positioned as an
integral part of the mortgage process. And as you know, we've been investing in our technology to really
deliver superior customer experience.

Now what's happening in the short term is we're actually not seeing any growth in that business in terms
of placement. REO volumes, for example, are down and are down significantly because of the foreclosure
moratoriums that are in place. But we're well positioned if the market does weaken next year. As we
mentioned in the prepared remarks, we've now renewed the vast majority of our tracked loans. And so we
don't know what will happen in the housing market, but certainly, nothing will happen in the short term.
But if the housing market does weaken, you could see strong growth beginning maybe the second half of
'21.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS. .

Brian Robert Meredith
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

A couple of questions here for you. First, on Global Lifestyle. First, I guess, did the Sprint deal have any
kind of impact on global covered devices much in the quarter?

And then following on, on that, what do you kind of -- or maybe give some more color around what do
you think the potential backlog here is with respect to trade-ins? I know you talked about it picking up in
the fourth quarter, and maybe a little more context around with respect to the iPhone upgrade and the 5G
upgrade cycle.

Alan B. Colberg
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Brian, thank you for the questions. On Sprint and T-Mobile, first of all, again, I want to recognize the
importance that we have of that relationship with T-Mobile. We've been their partner, supporting their
innovation and disruption for the last decade, and that is really the driver of our then now participating in
the growth of Sprint.

We are starting from 0. And there really, the program has just began to get going. It took a couple of
months after the closing before T-Mobile really began to convert the stores as they wanted to make sure
they didn't disrupt things during that conversion phase. So we're starting to see some impact, but it's
going to be a gradual ramp. We're also investing, as you might expect, to help all the legacy Sprint stores
be in a good position to sell our products as people come in. So not a lot of impact so far, but will be a
significant growth driver over the next 2 to 3 years as that program really ramps.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ASSURANT, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

In terms of the trade-in and buyback cycle, what we've seen in the last 3 or 4 years is that the volume
really begins in the latter part of Q4 and then really into Q1. And that's, again, what we expect to see
this year. We'll see some volume beginning in Q4, but the bulk of the volume in the last couple of years
has been lagged into the first quarter of next year. And it really is driven by, one, that new iPhones are
available. And if you noticed their announcement, a couple of the new models were out right away, but a
couple of the new models are still not out. And so we'll see that over time.

And I mentioned 5G earlier. This is the first year that the iPhones really have 5G capability, which is a
real positive. But when will consumers really get excited about 5G, we don't know for sure. But as we
mentioned earlier, we're now well positioned to support our carrier partners with 5G when it happens.

Brian Robert Meredith
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Great. And then two quick questions here on Global Housing. The first one, the underwriting initiatives
that you guys implemented, maybe a little more color on what those were and what the impact was on the
underlying combined ratio because I assume that's going to be sustainable here going forward.

Alan B. Colberg
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Richard, do you want to take that one?

Richard Steven Dziadzio
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, sure. Sure. Yes, I think there -- the changes that we made in the underwriting were across a couple
of different products. So first would be, we've talked about it before, small commercial. We had gone into
that. We didn't have a positive experience with it and then put it into runoff. So obviously, that will persist
in the future because we have no plans to get back into that. So that's one positive.

And then within the sharing economy, I think we mentioned it on a call earlier in the year, we had, had
one type of product with one client who weren't getting good experience with and that we underwrote
to. So again, I think there, we have -- we've gotten good results out of that and are moving forward with
positive results.

The part of your question, which is how -- what will persist or not. We have had, within the non-cat loss
ratio, some positives this year that won't reoccur. For example, some reserve releases of a limited amount
that we mentioned in our prepared remarks of about $8 million. Those won't continue. We don't think.

We've also had a really good run in terms of lower frequency, severity and things like theft and vandalism.
Will that continue? That's sort of a question mark in terms of how that will go in the future.

So there are some things that will continue. Some things that probably won't, the reserve releases. And
then some things, we'll wait to see what happens in the future with our experience.

Brian Robert Meredith
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Great. And then just one last one on the Global Housing segment. It's been a fairly active year, obviously,
for catastrophe losses, given what's going on with global warming and stuff. I mean some people expect
this to be more the norm than the exception.

I guess my question then is, does a year like the year -- this year make you kind of question your
reinsurance program, changes to the reinsurance program, maybe using more aggregate cover to kind of
mitigate some of the volatility in the business?

Alan B. Colberg
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Maybe I can offer a few thoughts, and then Richard, you should offer a few more.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ASSURANT, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

I mean, if you look at the last few years, we've dramatically changed our exposure to cat. We've done
things like taking the retention down to $80 million, where it is today, from $240 million 5 years ago.
We've exited certain lines that we were participating in, in the Caribbean. We've reduced exposure
by exiting the small commercial business. And so we do feel very good about the portfolio, and it's
performing well. If you look at through the third quarter, even with an active cat year, our ROE in housing
is something like 14% or 15%. And so it's still performing and delivering well.

With that said, every year, we revisit how we think about the risk-reward trade-offs on the cat program.
And Richard, maybe you want to comment a little more on how we're thinking about that in 2021?

Richard Steven Dziadzio
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thank you. And I think, Alan, you hit on a lot of the very key points, which is part of cat is managing
the exposure to cat. So we're very thoughtful in terms of what risk we're taking on. Obviously, lender-
placed, we have the exposure we have, given that flows through from the clients too, to ourselves.

But every year we look at it, as Alan said. We look at what can we do to manage our exposure, whether it
be bringing down our retention. Brian, you'd mentioned buying in aggregate. That's obviously something
that we look at every year. At the end of the day, there's economics around it, and there's pricing in the
market. So we look at that and say, "Is it thoughtful for us to buy more reinsurance? Or is this a risk we're
happy to hold given the pricing out there in the market?"

As Alan said, we can have a quarter like last quarter, where we do get hit by natural catastrophes. But
over a period of time, and I would say just 1 year, our combined operating ratio ends up being well below
100, and the ROEs on this business are very positive. So we're managing around that, being thoughtful
around that, and where there are good economic opportunities to lower our exposure, we will definitely
take that.

Alan B. Colberg
President, CEO & Director

And Brian, if I step back from housing and look at our overall portfolio at this point, we've delivered
strong profitable growth. We expect to continue to deliver strong growth, no matter what the market
environment is. And it's really that combination of lifestyle and housing capabilities and products that does
that.

And as we look to the future, and we mentioned briefly in the prepared remarks, Pocket Geek Home,
we see a real convergence coming between lifestyle and housing and great opportunities around the
connected home, the connected apartment and a whole new set of growth drivers for us as we look to the
future. So we feel good about the portfolio. We'll always fine-tune our cat exposure. But we feel like we're
in a pretty good place with that at the moment as well.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Michael Phillips with Morgan Stanley.

Michael Wayne Phillips
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

One more on the housing side. Not just the last 2 quarters, but probably looks like the last couple of
years, you've had a nice downdraft in the expense ratio. I guess maybe you can talk about what you're
doing to make that happen. And should we expect that to continue? Or are we kind of at a level you like it
to be?

Alan B. Colberg
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Maybe again, I'll start. And then Richard, you should add into it.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ASSURANT, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

I mean the business is in a good position today as we've worked to drive efficiencies. We've, for example,
been investing in improving various processes, using artificial intelligence and automation, and that has
helped us. We are in the middle of converting clients to our single-source processing platform, which really
delivers over the next few years a much simpler and better customer experience.

But I don't think we'll have continued improvement in that ratio. What I mean by that is we've worked
with our regulators to kind of agree a normal range combined ratio. And Richard, you may want to talk
about that and how we think about that with our regulators. But we feel good about where it is today.

Richard Steven Dziadzio
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, we do. And I think the team has done a great job in managing expenses. If we think about the last
couple of years, we've seen the revenues come down, and now they're coming down very little. I mean
we've talked about the financial insolvent client that put a little bit of headwind. But over the 9 months,
we're down not much at all, let's call it 5%. So in terms of the expense management, I think we are at the
bottom with the discipline we have and what we need to deliver to our customers, which is obviously at
the forefront of our thoughts.

And with regard to the regulators, obviously, the regulators take into account the experience we have.
So if there's years where the overall loss ratio is really high, we could go and ask for some pricing
improvements. If it's too low, obviously, that gets taken into account.

So overall, I think even if the loss -- the expense ratio, though a lot lower, we would see that come
through rate over time. I think where we're looking at the expense ratio was from a competitive point
of view to be able to operate and produce the most efficiency for our customers so they get the best
experience that we can offer them.

Michael Wayne Phillips
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. You both mentioned, and Richard did, and I think, Alan did, I know it was in your
press release. Improved profitability in the extended service contracts, and maybe what's driving that and
how you expect that to continue. Or where should we expect it to be as we get into next year?

Alan B. Colberg
President, CEO & Director

Richard, do you want to take it?

Richard Steven Dziadzio
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think, first, it has had some good operations, good results in the beginning of the year here, in the
last quarter in particular. That's really coming from lower client losses experienced last year. And now what
we're seeing is a little bit more normalized experience, so better experience this year. So we think now
where we are, we're kind of in a more normalized place than we were in the past, if I can put it that way.

Michael Wayne Phillips
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then a bit of a goofy question, I apologize. But you talked about the U.K. and
the EV cars. How does the -- just the business or the contracts of car warranty extended service contracts
and auto change as cars become more technology-driven, maybe in -- I don't know what year we have a
higher percentage of cars or essentially computers on wheels as compared to the [indiscernible] of cars.
How does that change over time, the extended [ warranty ] contracts of this?

Alan B. Colberg
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ASSURANT, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Yes. No, you raised a great point. So as we think about the future, a couple of things happen with the car.
One is the car just becomes a big connected device. So if you think about the early days of the car phone
25, 30 years ago, now in the future, everything in the car is connected all the time, particularly once 5G
gets rolled out. So there'll be a whole set of value that we can deliver through our service contract around
keeping you connected. It's basically what we do in mobile today. And we see that coming to auto. So
that's one thing.

And then if you think about electric vehicles, for example, you'll have fewer things that can go wrong,
but you'll have much higher severity when something does go wrong. And so we're learning. One of the
reasons we've been pushing hard with electric, we've done a deal in China, we've now done the deal in the
U.K., is to really develop the data and the learning so that we can be the most compelling offer to support
what we think for a consumer will be even a greater interest in the service contract, both because of the
nature of the risk, but because of the connectivity of the car. And that really is an area where we feel our
business being in both mobile and auto gives us a unique set of advantages in the market.

Michael Wayne Phillips
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. Makes sense. It sounds like interesting times in that regard. So I look forward to that.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Bose George with KBW.

Bose Thomas George
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Just -- I actually wanted to go back to the Global Housing. Any update on the Bank of America, the RFP on
that piece?

Richard Steven Dziadzio
Executive VP & CFO

I -- the way we think about it is we have the best capabilities, the most value that we can offer our clients.
Obviously, that process is ongoing and confidential. And as I've talked about before, the incumbent always
has the significant advantage.

But with that said, we are doing all we can to put our best foot forward in every process as out there in
the market, and we really do feel we have a compelling offer. So we'll just have to see what happens over
time.

Bose Thomas George
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Okay, great. And then actually switching over to your commentary on year-over-year growth in NOI. I
mean, there are quite a few moving pieces there, but do you think you can do double-digit NOI growth in
2021?

Alan B. Colberg
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Let me -- a couple of comments on that. First of all, we'll provide an outlook in Q4 earnings call, so
that'd be early February, about what we really expect, and you shall -- should expect for 2021.

A couple of comments though. 2020 has been a very strong earnings growth year. I'm really proud. I
think we're all really proud of our people have delivered for our customers and our clients and for our
shareholders. But the really strong 2020, it does create some year-on-year challenges, if we look at '21.
We had about $16 million of onetime benefits in lifestyle earlier this year. We've never assumed a onetime
benefit will recur. We had about $8 million of favorable experience. We just mentioned in Q3 in housing.
We don't really expect that to recur. We did have some other benefits from, for example, our expense
management actions, where we deferred some hiring. We reduced travel. That will come back.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ASSURANT, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

So definitely, 2021, we do expect to grow, but we expect it to moderate from 2020. And overall, if you
think back to our Investor Day, we said at Investor Day that, on average, in 2020 and 2021, we would
grow operating earnings, so NOI ex-cap by 12% on average. Back in Investor Day, we thought it would be
a little bit lower in 2020 relative to the 12% and a little bit higher in 2021. Now we had a stronger 2020,
and we now expect to moderate a little bit in 2021. But the combination of the EPS growth that we expect,
the 12% on average 2021, we still believe that's appropriate.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Gary Ransom with Dowling & Partners.

Gary Kent Ransom
Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC

I wanted to ask a bigger picture question about customer behavior. We've been through a big experiment
in the United States about what happens when economies get shut down and how -- when people work
from home and how they change what they do with electronics or other things and I'm trying to discern
what might be a permanent change in there versus what might be just temporary and goes away next
year. And I was -- just wanted to hear your thoughts on whether there -- whether you think there is
anything that has been permanently accelerated or changed in how you engage with your customers?

Alan B. Colberg
President, CEO & Director

Gary, thank you for the question. And as you imagine, we've spent a fair amount of our time thinking
about what are the long-term implications of COVID.

I think for us, the first thing I'd highlight is just how resilient our business is. It shows the value of kind of
an embedded subscriber base, a range of services that really allow consumers to stay connected. And one
of the things that I think COVID has highlighted with the move to be at home more, then move to some
sort of hybrid working model, and more likely post-COVID, being connected is everything. And what we do
around connecting your devices, making sure everything your home is working, that's really important. So
I think that actually helps us even more as we look to the future.

A couple of other things we see with COVID, digital. Digital was obviously already a trend that we've
been investing against for years. But I think the acceleration of digital is real and permanent. And we, for
example, in the last 6 months or so, we really upped our investment in digital everywhere. So today, we
feel, like an example, in rental, multifamily, our digital capabilities are at or better than anybody's in the
market. So we see digital kind of as an ongoing trend.

And then the other thing we're thinking about, are there changes, for example, in global supply chain? So
we may think about that over time.

But at the end of the day, I would highlight just how strong our business has performed through
this uncertainty and just shows the value of what we're doing for our customers and how much they
appreciate being able to stay connected and having everything in their home work the way they wanted it
to.

Gary Kent Ransom
Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC

I also had a question on the HYLA comments about the higher attachment of trade-ins. And I just wanted
to understand better what it is that HYLA is doing to make the customer more interested in trading in
rather than keeping their phone?

Alan B. Colberg
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

ASSURANT, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Yes, there are a couple of things that are interesting, that will be additive for us. One is their analytics
are very impressive. So they can give effectively, through analytics, you can offer a better price to the
consumer. So that's one important item.

Second, with their analytics and their capabilities, often now we can offer a quote without having to see
the phone and have certainty that will be the quote for the consumer. And that also increases the attach
rates.

And then the other thing they've done well, and we also do, is work with our clients to really help them
understand how trade-in can drive persistency and retention for their customers.

So it's a combination of all those things. But they've got a strong track record of being able to drive up the
attachment of trade-in, which is still an opportunity to continue to get better at. But they've shown the
ability to work on and improve it year-on-year for several years in a row now.

Operator

Our last question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS.

Brian Robert Meredith
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

One last -- just follow -- one last quick follow-up. On the preneed sale, any timing that you can kind of
give us on kind of when you think the process may be done?

And then also on that, any kind of thoughts on what the potential valuation would be?

Alan B. Colberg
President, CEO & Director

Yes. In terms of the process and valuation, we're just getting started. So I want to clarify that we're
very early, but we are looking at a range of alternatives. And a good guide is what we do with Employee
Benefits, which took -- it took us back then something like 4 or 5 months to get to an offer and then
another similar period of time to close. Who knows that, that will be the case here, but that's probably a
reasonable way to think about it.

In terms of the valuation, I wouldn't speculate, but we are confident it's going to be an attractive valuation
for our shareholders. We know from other life insurance transactions recently, there is a wide range of
interest in assets like our preneed business. And we're confident that it's not valued appropriately in our
stock. And that whatever we do here will unlock and create value for our shareholders over the next 4 to 9
months as we work through a process and then hopefully a closing.

All right, thank you. And I think that was the last question. So with that, I want to thank everyone for
participating in today's call.

In summary, we're very pleased with our year-to-date performance and believe the recent strategic
announcements we've just made to focus even further on our lifestyle and housing offerings will ultimately
increase our earnings momentum and cash flow and deliver value for our shareholders over time.

We'll update you on our progress in the fourth quarter earnings call in early February. In the meantime,
please reach out to Suzanne Shepherd or Sean Moshier with any follow-up questions. Thanks, everyone.

Operator
Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time, and have
a wonderful day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

ASSURANT, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

