Align Technology, Inc. NasdaqGS:ALGN
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, February 03, 2021 9:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.73

2.25

Revenue  (mm)

534.74

734.14

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-02-2021 11:00 AM GMT

208.22

37.29

2.14

4.75

8.54

793.56

2423.29

3277.57

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

1.40

0.88

(0.05)

0.73

1.53

0.73

(0.35)

2.25

SURPRISE

9.29 %

(17.05 %)

NM

208.22 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

13

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

John F. Morici
CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

Stephen Christopher Beuchaw
Wolfe Research, LLC

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Shirley Stacy
Vice President of Corporate
Communications & Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Elizabeth Hammell Anderson
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Jason M. Bednar
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Jeffrey D. Johnson
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

John Charles Kreger
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Jonathan David Block
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Nathan Allen Rich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Ravi Misra
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG,
Research Division

Richard S. Newitter
SVB Leerink LLC, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Greetings, and welcome to the Align 4Q and Fiscal Year Earnings 2020 Call.

[Operator Instructions]

As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Shirley
Stacy.

Thank you, Shirley. You may begin.

Shirley Stacy
Vice President of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations

Good afternoon. Thank for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and
Investor Relations. Joining me for today's call is Joe Hogan, President and CEO; and John Morici, CFO.

We issued fourth quarter and full year 2020 financial results today via Globe Newswire, which is available
on our website at investor.aligntech.com.

Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 1
month. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time through 5:30
p.m. Eastern Time on February 17. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial (877)
660-6853 with conference number 13714292 followed by pound. International callers should dial (201)
612-7415 with the same conference number.

As a reminder, the information provided and discussed today will include forward-looking statements,
including statements about Align's future events and product outlook. These forward-looking statements
are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are described in more detail in our most
recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, available on our website and at
sec.gov.

Actual results may vary significantly, and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-
looking statements. We have posted historical financial statements, including the corresponding
reconciliations, including our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation, if applicable, and our fourth quarter and
full year 2020 conference call slides on our website under quarterly results.

Please refer to these files for more detailed information. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Align
Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide some highlights
from the fourth quarter and full year, then briefly discuss the performance of our 2 operating segments,
clear aligners and Systems and Services.

John will provide more detail on our financial results and share additional color on business trends.
Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open the call to questions.

Our fourth quarter was a strong finish to the year with record revenues and volumes from both Invisalign
aligners and iTero scanners as well as increased gross margins, operating margins, EPS and cash flow. Our
fourth quarter performance was driven by strong year-over-year growth across customer channels and
regions and continued momentum sequentially.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

During the quarter, we achieved a major milestone in EMEA with a shipment to our 2 millionth Invisalign
patient that will be amplified with the EMEA-wide campaign that will launch next month. This milestone for
EMEA reflects strong acceleration in Invisalign adoption and growth.

For Q4, total revenues were $834.5 million, up 13.7% sequentially and up 28.4% year-over-year. Q4 '20
clear aligner revenues of $700.7 million were up 12.9% sequentially and increased 28.9% year-over-year.

In Q4, we shipped a record 568,000 Invisalign cases, an increase of 14.5% sequentially and 37.3% year-
over-year. Q4 reflects increased Invisalign adoption from both adults and teenagers, which are up 36.7%
and 38.7% year-over-year, respectively.

Our teen and mom-focused consumer campaign generated 77% year-over-year increase in unique visitors
to our website and 76% increase in lead generation.

In addition, Invisalign social media influencers like Charlie D'Amelio, Marsai Martin, Cristina Milan, Tisha
Campbell-Martin, Rachel Zoe, Tiffany Ma and Tahj Mowry continue to deliver exciting new content and
increased engagement for the Invisalign brand with consumers and among their millions of followers.

Our Digital Platform continues to gain traction as doctors usage of iTero scanners increase. Our consumer
and patient app was rolled out to more than 50 markets, resulting in more than a 2.5x increase in apps
download and monthly active users in 2020 versus a year ago.

Our patient feature usage continues to increase. For example, Invisalign virtual appointment was used
68,000 times. Our insurance verification feature was used 26,000 times and more than 30,000 patients
enrolled in Invisalign Virtual Care in 2020. Our new consumer website was rolled out to more than 40
markets around the world and is driving increased effectiveness in lead generation. We also launched
an improved new doctor recruitment website in the U.S. and Canada to support our digital conversion
journey. This will be expanded to other markets in the next few months.

From a product perspective, growth was strong across the Invisalign portfolio, especially for
noncomprehensive cases, including Invisalign Go and Invisalign Moderate. There are also more doctors
engaging with us through the Aligned Digital and Practice Transformation or ADAPT program as more
practices are moving towards digital practice optimization.

As you'll recall, ADAPT was piloted over 2 years ago and is being commercialized as a standalone service,
providing the relevant workforce, clinical and marketing support to enable doctors to digitally transform
their practices.

In Q4, we shipped a record 77,000 Invisalign doctors worldwide, of which a record 7,300 were first time
customers. We also trained over 6,400 new docs in Q4, including over 3,900 international doctors.

Q4 '20 System and Services revenues of $133.8 million were up 18% sequentially, driven by momentum
in the Americas and EMEA, and up 26% year-over-year, reflecting strong growth in EMEA and Asia Pacific.

Our results reflect continued strong uptake of the iTero Element 5D, the only inter oral scanner with caries
detection, which is scaling rapidly across each region and represented approximately 1/3 of iTero volumes
in Q4.

Innovation remains a cornerstone of our business. Today, we announced the availability of the iTero
Element Plus series, which expands our portfolio of iTero Element scanners and Imaging Systems to
include new solutions that serve a broader range of the dental marketplace.

The new iTero Element plus series of scanners and Imaging Systems builds on the success of the award-
winning iTero Element family and offers in all the existing orthodontic and restorative digital capabilities,
doctors have come to rely on, plus faster processing time and advanced visualization capabilities for a
seamless scanning experience in a new sleek, ergonomically designed package.

We announced the launch of our next-gen ClinCheck Pro 6.0 proprietary treatment planning software with
in-face visualization, and our Invisalign G8 improved predictability in our last earnings call, we announced.
Their availability is being expanded across all regions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

Further, we launched several enhancements to our treatment planning including improved final teeth
position and auto segmentation. We also added several new features to our virtual care tool.

For the full year 2020, total net revenues were a record $2.5 billion, up 2.7% year-over-year. Clear aligner
revenues of $2.1 billion were up 3.7%, reflecting a record 1.6 million Invisalign shipments and growth of
7.9%.

During the year, 30.3% of total Invisalign cases or nearly 0.5 million teens or younger started Invisalign
treatment. This is up 11.5% from 2019. System and Services revenues were down slightly compared to
2019.

2020 was a year unlike any other we've experienced. The COVID-19 pandemic and its impact have been
life changing. Marked by loss and separation, recovery and renewal, record highs and lows and significant
milestones and accomplishments. Even at a time of huge disruption, we all had to adapt, evaluate
priorities and develop new ways of doing things, both personally and professionally.

Through it all, Align's priority has been the health and well-being of our employees and their families and
our doctor customers and their staff, and that remains a constant.

Despite the swift onset of the pandemic and the uncertainty through 2020, we didn't hold our plans
or change our strategy for continued growth. We completed the acquisition of exocad, accelerated our
investments in marketing to create Invisalign brand awareness and drive consumer demand for our
doctors' offices, accelerated new technology to market with virtual tools that enable our doctors to stay
connected with their patients, provided PPE to those in need and supported doctors and their teams with
online education and digital forms that went beyond products to help them navigate the uncertainty of the
pandemic.

As a result of our continued strategic focus and investments, we exited the year stronger than we started
and 2021 is off to a great start.

Now let's turn to the specifics around our fourth quarter, starting with the Americas. For the Americas
region, Q4 Invisalign case volume was up 12.7% sequentially and up 34.1% year-over-year, reflecting
increased utilization of Invisalign treatment for both orthodontic and GP channels. Our continued
investments in digital marketing and sales programs and focus on market segmentation are helping drive
strong growth of Invisalign clear aligners and iTero products.

During the quarter, we continued offering sales initiatives to our doctor partners to help drive adoption
of Invisalign and iTero products. The Bracket Buy Back - Switch program, which we launched in North
America in Q2 '20, continues to drive conversions from wires and brackets to Invisalign clear aligners.

During Q4, and this program resulting -- has resulted in about 10,000 new cases, similar to Q3. We
believe it's also causing a halo effect with patients switching from wires and brackets to Invisalign clear
aligners with increased awareness of the benefits of Invisalign treatment and how it is less disruptive to
their lives with the outcome of a beautiful smile through an Invisalign-trained doctor.

The Teen Awesomeness Centers programs, direct patients to Invisalign doctors who are experts at treating
teens, and are seen as the go-to docs for treatment. We continue to see growth with Invisalign First
for treatment in younger kids, driving increased comprehensive treatments within North America ortho
channel.

Latin American volume was also up year-over-year, led by strong growth in Brazil and Mexico. We believe
the market for orthodontic treatment is huge in Latin America as we continue to grow our presence across
the region.

We saw increased utilization in the GP channel with Invisalign Go and the continued adoption of Moderate.
The GP Accelerator program designed exclusively for general practitioner dentists provides an all-
encompassing support plan based on practice needs that is centered around maximizing iTero integration,
clinical support needs and implementing new marketing strategies.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

We also see increased utilization with GP dentists that have enrolled in the iPro program as well as with
doctors that have installed the iTero scanner. DSO utilization also increased and continues to be a strong
growth driver, led by Heartland and Smile docs. For the full year, Americas Invisalign volume was up 3.6%.

For international business, Q4 Invisalign case volume was up sequentially 6.7%, led by strong growth in
EMEA as doctors returned from summer holiday season, offset somewhat by seasonally slower period in
China. On a year-over-year basis, international shipments were up 41.1%, reflecting increases throughout
both EMEA and APAC. For the full year, International Invisalign volume was up 13.3%.

For EMEA, Q4 volumes were up sequentially 47.9% and 48.3% on a year-over-year basis across all
markets with strong performance across both ortho and GP channels. Within the GP channel specifically,
we saw acceleration in both utilization and shipments with Invisalign Go.

We also saw acceleration in both core and expansion markets with growth in our core markets led by
Iberia, U.K. and France, along with continued growth in our expansion markets led by Central and Eastern
Europe and the Benelux.

We introduced the Ortho Recovery 360 program in EMEA last quarter to support our orthodontist as they
started reopening their businesses. As of Q4, 3,200 orthodontists have enrolled in the program.

During the quarter, we launched a Recovery II program with a refreshed website featuring all digital tools,
growth programs and education events for EMEA doctors to support their relief efforts during COVID-19.

We also held our Digital Innovation Forum at the beginning of December, where approximately 900
doctors, both ortho and GP, attended the 2-day forum event with keynotes on the digitization of dental
practices. We also continued our digital excellence series of webinars launched by the iTero team.

Throughout the quarter, the following digital innovations were also launched across EMEA, Invisalign G8,
ClinCheck Pro 6.0 and Invisalign Go Plus to help drive Invisalign clear aligner utilization.

To support our GP doctors, we launched our GP Recovery 360 program last quarter with over 2,700 GPs
enrolled so far. We continue to offer online and on-demand education events, which reached over 15,000
GPs cumulatively. For the full year, EMEA Invisalign volume was up 12.6%.

For APAC, Q4 volumes were down sequentially, 14.7%. Notwithstanding typical Q4 seasonality in China,
following a strong Q3, we had strong growth in Japan and ANZ and Southeast Asia. On a year-over-year
basis, APAC was up 30% compared to the prior year, reflecting continued strong growth across the region.

We were pleased to see the growth in the adult segment with noncomprehensive cases with the Invisalign
Moderate product in the GP channel.

In the teen segment, we also saw an increase in utilization amongst Invisalign doctors, and we saw
continued acceleration from Japan and ANZ. For the full year, APAC Invisalign volume was up 14.3%.

Last year, we launched a new and improved digital learning environment for our doctors offering a
comprehensive learning platform with role-specific content for orthos, GPS and their teams.

The improved functionality enables more online learning opportunities with spotlight features for what's
trending now, recommended learning path based on doctors' experiences and expanded categories
including digital treatment planning, comprehensive dentistry and team education.

For the year, over 127,000 doctors have accessed recorded lectures, completed self-paced learning
modules and watched how-to videos with new certified doctors viewing more than 1.4 million pages of
content. Among the ortho channel, over 47,000 unique users have engaged with the digital learning site,
with an additional 80,000 unique users from the GP channel.

As we've mentioned, we are seeing good adoption of the ADAPT program, which is an expert and
independent fee-based business consulting service offered by Align to optimize clinics' operational
workflow and processes to enhance the patient's experience and customer and staff satisfaction, which
will, in turn, translate into higher growth and greater efficiencies for orthodontic practices.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

As a result, the ADAPT service -- participating process in Q4 improved profitability significantly after
implementation.

Our consumer marketing is focused on capitalizing on the massive market opportunity to transform 500
million smiles, educating consumers about the Invisalign system and driving that demand to our Invisalign
doctor offices.

In Q4, we saw strong digital engagement globally with more than a 77% increase in unique visitors, a
108% increase in doc locator searches and 76% increase in leads created, driven by our global adult- and
mom-focused campaigns and teen-focused influencer content.

Our U.S. mom/teen multi-touch multimillion-dollar campaign with influencer led YouTube videos; a mom-
focused TV spot; a custom Twitch activation; and mega teen sensation, Charli D'Amelio, continued to
perform very well and garnered 2.7 billion impressions in Q4.

The statistics I shared previously speak to the successful reach of this marketing campaign is having to
not only drive demand with consumers but also in educating them on the benefits of Invisalign treatment
through a doctor's office.

In Q4, we also launched media test in the EMEA region, in the U.K., Germany and France, and in the APAC
region in Australia and Japan. These have worked very well and resulted in more than a 6x increase in
leads in EMEA and a 3x increase in leads in APAC. Several key metrics that show increased activity and
engagement with the Invisalign brand are included in our Q4 quarterly presentation slides available on our
website.

Align is always looking for new opportunities to reach consumers and be relevant to potential patients,
wherever they work, live and play, which is why we announced the Invisalign brand is the official clear
aligner sponsor of the National Football League, the NFL, and 11 NFL teams, including the Tampa Bay
Buccaneers and Kansas City Chiefs.

The NFL league partnership designed to expand our reach with consumers, generated over 150 million
impressions in 2020, helping to drive awareness of Invisalign clear aligner treatment at a national level,
while the team agreements are designed to help us engage within key markets and connect consumers
with doctors in those markets.

For our Systems and Services business, Q4 revenues were up 18% sequentially due to higher shipments
and services revenue. We continue to see momentum with the iTero Element 5D Imaging System, gaining
traction in all regions with significant Element Flex sales in EMEA.

On a year-over-year basis, Systems and Services revenues were up 26% due to higher shipments
and services. For the year, our System and Services total revenues were down 2.8% year-over-year,
cumulatively over 3.1 -- 31.4 million orthodontic scans and 6.7 million restorative scans have been
performed with iTero scanners.

For Q4, total Invisalign cases submitted with a digital scanner in the Americas increased to 84% from
79.5% in Q4 of last year. International scans increased to 73.7%, up 64.7% in the same quarter last year.

We're pleased to see that within the Americas, 94.8% of cases submitted by North American orthodontists
were submitted digitally. We're also proud to share that iTero Element intraoral scanners are the winners
of the 2020 Dentaltown Townie Choice award for Digital Impressioning category.

Also during the quarter, the National Association of Dental Laboratories judging panel selected the iTero
Element 5D as the winner of the 2020 Journal of Dental Technology WOW! Award.

The award represents a recognition of our commitment to enhancing patient engagement and
communications that support efficient laboratory production.

For exocad, during the quarter, we launched 2 of the largest software releases in history, DentalCAD and
exoplan. Dental CAD 3.0 Galway includes over 90 new features and over 80 enhanced functionalities with
significant improvements to reduce design time, such as Instant Anatomic Morphing.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

Exoplan 3.0 Galway includes over 40 new features and over 60 enhanced functionalities that support
planning of edentulous cases, including the design of surgical guides.

During the quarter, exocad also added 2 new large implant manufacturers as OEMs for exoplan in Brazil.

With that, I'll now turn it over to John.

John F. Morici
CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

Thanks, Joe. Now for our Q4 financial results. Total revenues for the fourth quarter were $834.5 million,
up 13.7% from the prior quarter and up 28.4% from the corresponding quarter a year ago.

For clear aligners, Q4 revenues of $700.7 million were up 12.9% sequentially and up 28.9% year-over-
year, reflecting Invisalign volume growth in all regions, partially offset by lower ASPs.

Clear aligner revenues growth was favorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $5 million or
approximately 0.8 points sequentially, and on a year-over-year basis by approximately $10.3 million or
approximately 1.9 points.

Q4 Invisalign ASPs were down sequentially $15, primarily due to increased revenue deferrals related to
a higher mix of new cases versus additional aligners, partially offset by favorable foreign exchange and
lower promotional discounts.

As we mentioned last quarter, we did not implement a price increase in 2020, given our continued
commitment to helping our customers in their recovery efforts during the pandemic.

On a year-over-year basis, Q4 Invisalign ASPs decreased approximately $75, primarily due to our decision
not to raise prices last summer, increased revenue deferrals for new cases versus additional aligners and
higher promotional discounts, partially offset by favorable foreign exchange.

As a result, clear aligner deferred revenue on the balance sheet increased $83 million sequentially and
$195 million year-over-year and will be recognized as the additional aligners are shipped.

Total Q4 clear aligner shipments of 568,000 cases were up 14.5% sequentially and up 37.3% year-over-
year. Our System and Services revenues for the fourth quarter was $133.8 million, up 18% sequentially
due to an increase in scanner sales and increased services revenues from our larger installed base and
higher ASPs.

Year-over-year, Systems and Services revenue was up 26% due to higher scanner sales, services revenue
and the inclusion of exocad's CAD/CAM services, partially offset by lower scanner ASPs. Imaging Systems
and CAD/CAM services deferred revenue was up 30% sequentially and up 69% year-over-year, primarily
due to the increase in scanner sales and the deferral of service revenues, which we recognize ratably over
the service period.

Moving on to gross margin. Fourth quarter overall gross margin was 73.2%, up 0.4 points sequentially and
up 0.5 points year-over-year.

On a non-GAAP basis, excluding stock-based compensation expense and amortization of intangibles
related to exocad, overall gross margin was 73.6% for the fourth quarter, up 0.3 points sequentially and
up 0.7 points year-over-year.

Clear aligner gross margin for the fourth quarter was 74.9%, up 0.1 points sequentially due to lower
additional aligner volume, partially offset by higher warranty, other manufacturing costs and lower ASPs.

Clear aligner gross margin was up 0.7 points year-over-year, primarily due to favorable product mix from
increased iTero scanner absorption as a result of increased manufacturing volumes, partially offset by
lower ASPs, higher warranty costs and other manufacturing costs.

Systems and Services gross margin for the fourth quarter was 64.2%, up 2.2 points sequentially, primarily
due to higher ASPs and increased manufacturing efficiencies from higher production volumes. Systems

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

and Services gross margin was down 0.7 points year-over-year due to lower ASPs, higher freight and
other manufacturing costs, partially offset by higher services revenue.

Q4 operating expenses were $397.3 million, up sequentially 11.3% and up 23.8% year-over-year. The
sequential increase in operating expenses is due to increased marketing and media spend and spending
commensurate with business growth. Year-over-year, operating expenses increased by $76.5 million,
reflecting our continued investment in sales and marketing, R&D activities and manufacturing operations.

On a non-GAAP basis, operating expenses were $372.3 million, up sequentially 12.1% and up 23.4%
year-over-year due to the reasons as described earlier.

Our fourth quarter operating income of $213.2 million resulted in an operating margin of 25.5%, up 1.4
points sequentially and up 2.3 points year-over-year. The sequential and year-over-year increases in
operating income and the operating margin are primarily attributed to higher gross margin and operating
leverage.

On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation, amortization of intangibles related to
exocad and acquisition-related costs, operating margin for the fourth quarter was 28.9%, up 0.9 points
sequentially and up 2.5 points year-over-year.

Interest and other income expense, net for the fourth quarter was a benefit of $1.4 million, primarily
driven by favorable foreign exchange.

With regards to the fourth quarter tax provision, our GAAP tax rate was 25.9%, which includes tax
benefits of approximately $11 million related to adjustments in prior year's unrecognized tax positions.
The fourth quarter tax rate on a non-GAAP basis was 14.5% compared to 16.6% in prior quarter and
20.9% in the same quarter a year ago. The fourth quarter non-GAAP tax rate was lower than the third
quarter's rate, primarily due to the reasons previously stated.

Fourth quarter net income per diluted share was $2, up $0.24 sequentially and up $0.47 compared to the
prior year. On a non-GAAP basis, net income per diluted share was $2.61 for the fourth quarter, up $0.37
sequentially and up $0.85 year-over-year.

Moving on to the balance sheet. As of December 31, 2020, cash and cash equivalents were $960.8 million,
an increase of approximately $345.3 million from the prior quarter, which is primarily due to higher cash
flow from operations.

Of our $960.8 million of cash and cash equivalents, $548.3 million was held in the U.S. and $412.5 million
was held by our international entities.

Q4 accounts receivable balance was $657.7 million, up approximately 5% sequentially. Our overall days
sales outstanding was 71 days, down approximately 6 days sequentially and down approximately 5 days
as compared to Q4 last year due to strong cash collections.

Cash flow from operations for the fourth quarter was $381.4 million. Capital expenditures for the fourth
quarter were $53.2 million, primarily related to our continued investment in increasing aligner capacity
and facilities.

Free cash flow, defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures, amounted to $328.3
million. Under our May 2018 repurchase program, we have $100 million still available for repurchase of
our common stock.

Before we move to the outlook, I would like to make a few comments on the full year 2020 results. In
2020, we shipped a record 1.6 million Invisalign cases, up 7.9% year-over-year. This reflects 13.3%
volume growth from our international doctors and 3.6% volume growth from our Americans doctors.

Systems and Services volumes were down 12% compared to 2019, reflecting the impact of COVID-19
pandemic on equipment sales. Total revenue was a record $2.5 billion, up 2.7% year-over-year, with clear
aligner revenues, a record $2.1 billion, up 3.7% year-over-year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

2020 Systems and Services revenue were $370.5 million, including exocad revenues from April 1, 2020
forward, compared to $381 million in 2019.

Full year 2020 operating income of $387.2 million, down 28.6% versus 2019, and operating margin at
15.7% versus 22.5% in 2019. 2019 operating income included a litigation benefit of $51 million and
Invisalign store closures of $23 million for net benefit on operating margin of 1.1%.

With regards to full year tax provision, our GAAP tax rate was negative 368.6%, which includes a onetime
tax benefit of approximately $1.5 billion, net of current year amortization associated with the recognition
of a deferred tax asset related to intra-entity sale of certain intellectual property rights resulting from our
corporate structure reorganization completed in the first quarter of 2020.

Excluding the tax benefit related to our corporate structure reorganization and the related tax effects of
stock-based compensation and other non-GAAP adjustments, the full year tax rate on a non-GAAP basis
was 17.6% compared to 22% for 2019.

2020 diluted EPS was $22.41. On a non-GAAP basis, 2020 diluted EPS was $5.25. Free cash flow was
$507.3 million for 2020, down $90.3 million versus 2019.

Now let me turn to our outlook. Overall, we are very pleased with our Q4 performance and the strong
momentum in our business, which has continued through January for both clear aligners and Systems
and Services. As we discussed at our Investor Day in November, we are committed to making significant
investments to drive growth, and we are seeing good return on these investments across all regions and
customer channels.

These strong returns give us confidence to continue investing in sales, marketing, innovation and
manufacturing capacity to accelerate adoption in a huge under-penetrated market. These investments,
coupled with typically higher seasonal operating expenses as a percentage of revenue are expected to
result in sequentially lower operating margin percent in Q1 as we have historically seen.

While the global operating environment surrounding the pandemic remains uncertain, we will continue to
focus on what we can control, and we are confident in our ability to continue to execute. Our responsibility
is to continue driving innovation and delivering on the needs of our customer, doctors and their patients.

Over the past 24 years, Align has invested billions in technology, innovation, consumer marketing and
demand creation to connect millions of consumers with our doctor customers. We will continue to invest
in this business to drive demand and drive adoption of the Align Digital Platform, including manufacturing
and operational expansion.

We will always be responsible. Just like we've done in the past, we make investments to drive growth and
maximize ROI. We remain committed to our long-term target model of 20% to 30% revenue growth for
clear aligners and Systems and Services and operating margin of 25% to 30%.

With that, I'll turn it back over to Joe for final comments. Joe?

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, John. The choices we made in 2020 to protect employees, support customers and press forward
on our strategy for growth, were possible because of the strength of our balance sheet and the confidence
we have in our business model.

Our actions reflect our conviction in the enormous opportunity we have to transform smiles and change
lives. With 15 million orthodontic cases starts annually and more than 500 million consumers who can
benefit from a better smile, the market for digital orthodontics and restorative dentistry is massive and
has been unleashed by the need for digital.

In a macro sense, COVID-19 has accentuated the benefits and pervasiveness of the digital economy.
From an Align standpoint, practices across every region are embracing digital treatment in new ways and
more purposefully than ever before. Invisalign providers are using our virtual tools to minimize in-office

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

appointments and deliver doctor-directed personalized treatment that meets the needs of the moment,
and that will reshape the future of treatment.

Digital acceleration is not just around Invisalign treatment. It includes digital workflows around iTero
scanners and general dentistry. Doctors tell us that the iTero scanner is central to their practice and their
practice workflows, and it's key to driving digital treatment.

We've also known this, iTero and now exocad are core components of the Align Digital Platform. Our
integrated suite of unique proprietary technologies and services delivered as a seamless end-to-end
solution for patients and consumers, orthodontists and GP dentists and lab partners.

And particularly, we now have all the building blocks to create digital workflows, leveraging the combined
power of Invisalign treatment, iTero scanners and exocad software to become more relevant to the GP
market, which is critical to accessing the $500 million consumer opportunity.

Align is a growth business with huge opportunities, but the environment remains uncertain due to
COVID-19. Our plan is still to counter uncertainty by staying focused on our long-term strategy, living our
values, supporting our employees and customers and keeping in mind the demand drivers we've identified
over the past year.

The redirection of disposable income for many consumers; channel focus that allows us to reach and
support a wider range of customers within each channel; and most importantly, the digital mindset that's
taking hold with more and more of our customers and that we are supporting through innovative products
and programs that can help support their digital transformation.

We are not ignoring the reality of COVID-19 and how long it may be part of our lives. But we're also not
going to stop driving the business forward for the good of the customers and their patients, our employees
and our stakeholders.

In closing, I want to leave you with a few thoughts as we begin the new year. While there is considerable
amount of turmoil in the world, our focus is on what we can control as a company. We have strong
momentum. We'll stay focused on our strategic priorities, international expansion, patient demand and
conversion, orthodontist utilization and GP dentist treatment.

In summary, we're very pleased with the fourth quarter and the full year results of 2020, during a
remarkable year with events beyond our control as a result of COVID-19.

It is during times such as this when having a solid strategy combined with focused execution can lead
to outcomes that support growth, not only for Align's business, but also practice growth for Align's
customers, which also leads to more and more Invisalign smiles.
With that, turn it over to the operator and we'll take calls.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

Our first question comes from Ravi Misra with Berenberg Capital Markets.

Ravi Misra
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG, Research Division

So I just wanted to maybe start one. I'll let the others maybe talk about the quarterly trends. But one of
the things that kind of stood out to me was, you're driving extremely strong volume growth amidst what's
kind of a stable to slightly declining pricing environment.

Just curious first, when do you think you'll be able to go back to the kind of prior model where you're able
to take pricing? Is that still in the cards?

And then secondly, I think the teen market is an area that we've kind of always been looking at as
the next leg of growth, the kind of huge market that's out there and you're talking about some of the
conversion and the lead generations. Can you help us understand some of the conversion rates around
the leads that you generate in terms of timing and how long this takes to get the ROI that is put in to the
advertising that you're putting out there?

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Ravi, first of all, I guess, your first question is on average selling prices. We try to communicate this
as strongly as we can is to keep your eyes on gross margin because we have huge mix, whether it's
international mix or it's product mix, you see a lot of progress in iGo and products like Moderate and
Invisalign First in those products. They carry actually lower average selling prices, but higher margins. And
so you could often mix up on those things.

So I'd say, as we keep emphasizing, is don't be overly concerned about ASPs or focused on ASPs. Like
John said, we didn't increase ASPs this year because we're interested in supporting our customers and
making sure that this is difficult -- a really difficult transition for many practices right now and instituting a
price increase just wouldn't have been responsible in that sense.

But at the same time, we drove incredible productivity across the business, and we were able to show
those kind of gross margins. So I hope you and the rest of the analyst community out there can actually
see that. We've been talking about this for a few years, but actually taken place.

On the teen side, in the conversions from an advertising standpoint, I mean we come at this from a lot of
different ways and a lot of different areas. And we -- if we're going to start teen season, you really have
to start in February in the United States, and you have to really work through a lot of different aspects of
social media. You advertise differently for moms and you do teens and different things like that.

So I can't give you a correlation coefficient in the sense of here we invest and how much we get back.
But we understand as well as a business. We've been doing it for years. We understand the timing of it
and more and more we become more specific on the social advertising pieces and how to implement that
properly. And John, do you have anything you want to add?

John F. Morici
CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

No, that's just it. I mean, there's others that are in the equation. You have to reach the team, as Joe
described, and we talked about social influencers and so on. You have to reach the parents, and we try
that and then also have the right formula with the doctor. So getting those 3 to think about going into
treatment is really the key.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

Ravi Misra
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG, Research Division

Okay. Then maybe one last one, if I can ask one more. Just on the reopening and vaccination progress
and kind of volumes, how are you guys kind of thinking about the consumer spending environment as the
options that the patients going to have start increasing? I mean, is that going to require more investment
here in the near term? Or do you think kind of where we're at a baseline where you've kind of gotten the
ramp where things are starting to really click here with the advertisings that you're doing as is?

John F. Morici
CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

Yes, Ravi, it's a good question. I mean, look, we're always looking to maximize our return on investment.
We talk about that to grow in this vastly under-penetrated market. In some countries, like in the U.S., it's
just a matter of refining how we spend. We talk about the influencers, talk about NFL and other things.

And in other countries, we've really started spending some of that consumer advertising, and we see a
great response, and we see a strong return. And those are areas that as we see that response, we see it
turn into volume. Those are areas that will continue. So we're always looking at return on investment, and
we'll find ways to be able to grow our volume that way.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jon Block with Stifel.

Jonathan David Block
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Joe, you mentioned 2021 is off to a great start. From 2015 to 2019, so I'm sort of isolating pre-COVID,
management guidance for 1Q cases -- the guidance for 1Q cases were up pretty consistently, just low
single digits off of what you did in the fourth quarter. And I guess where I'm going with this is, at a high
level, what's the expectation for case growth sequentially? And I'm just trying to level set as the back part
of 2020 likely benefited from some pent-up demand. So just how we should think about the trend line, if
you would, into the early part of 2021?

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Jon, I'll let John have the specifics of it. I'd just tell you that January was a really strong orders quarter. So
that momentum really continues.

John F. Morici
CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

And look, Jon, I think as we've said, and we're controlling what we can control, making investments that
help drive this business. We look at -- as Joe said, we felt really good about how we exited Q4. We saw
that in January as well. And we don't want to guide, we specifically haven't because there's things that
are outside of our control. And we'll leave that as it is. What we're trying to give you is kind of the latest
information without projecting forward.

Jonathan David Block
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. Fair enough. And I'll ask a quick 2 parter for the second one. EMEA was just gangbusters. I mean,
I think it was up 48% off a 32% comp, shout out to markets. But anything to call out there? I mean, the
number was huge.

And then the second part is, teen up almost 40%, Joe, what do you think the underlying ortho market was
growing? Where I'm going with this is just your conviction of short of maybe a type of inflection point, if
you would, with teen share of share?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Jon, I appreciate you bringing up EMEA. I mean, that was just an amazing performance, when you see
that. I've been doing business in Europe since last 30 years, and you see growth like that by countries,
it's amazing. And I think that's -- to me, that was really a story on the fourth quarter too, was the breadth
of that growth. It wasn't just North America, it wasn't just Asia, it was -- it was deep, it was across
segments, across GPs, across orthos.

So Jon, I'm not ready to talk about an inflection point. All I can say is when you think about, we had
77,000 doctors that ordered, that I talked about in my script, and then 7,200 to 7,300 more doctors, so
that's 10% more doctors. That's a record for us, too.

So when we see Invisalign, this digital treatment really catching on in a big way, and it's meaningful. Look,
we're gearing up for it. We're obviously advertising to drive that demand, and we'll stay focused on just
executing, Jon, right now.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steve Beuchaw with Wolfe Research.

Stephen Christopher Beuchaw
Wolfe Research, LLC

I wanted to try to understand a little bit better the relationship between some of the things that you
flagged, John, in your prepared remarks as it relates to deferrals and ASP. I certainly agree with the view
that gross margins are really the critical metric. But I'm sure we're going to get a lot of questions about
ASP tonight and over the next couple of days.

So I wonder if you could help us understand a little bit more deeply, one, why would we be seeing more
deferred revenue here, both on aligners and on scanners? What's the relationship to ASP? And do we see
that reverse?

John F. Morici
CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

Yes. Steve, the basic way to think about this is as we look at our revenue, we've got revenue on a new
case that we ship out, and there's a certain amount that you recognize on that shipment based on our rev
rec. And then there's a certain amount for future aligners or future modifications that are needed, that
will be deferred revenue. And then you also get into your revenue so those deferrals that you've made for
maybe previous quarters or even previous year, that as they -- that doctor needs to use that additional
aligners, you're going to get revenue for that.

When you have a mix like we have, where there's much more, there's a demand for future volume for new
cases, you get a mix where we just have a lot more as a percentage of new cases and that's what impacts
ASPs.

When we look at that from a margin standpoint, it's margin accretive. We're getting that as new cases.
Many of the cases that we get back from a deferred revenue standpoint, where there's refinements, we
just don't make as much margin on that.

You get the deferred revenue, but you don't get as much of the margin. So there's those dynamics that
we have. We saw just when you have a significant volume increase like we saw in our third and fourth
quarter.

Stephen Christopher Beuchaw
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. And then I wanted to follow-up about the GP channel. GP has been just gangbusters here lately. I
wonder if I could try to understand that a little bit more deeply. One is, do you think it continues to grow

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

at the sort of cliff relative to the ortho channel? Maybe two, do you think exocad has been a driver of
incremental growth in that channel at this point?

And then lastly, should we think about the shift to DSO as being a variable one way or another? And I
apologize for my kids screaming in the background.

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

That's the life we live now. Steve, we understand it. It happens on like every call.

From a GP channel standpoint, I mean, 3 years ago, when we first started segmenting in Europe and now
we are doing in the states, and we do it all over the world. And then we introduced products like iGo that
were specific to it.

And just -- and a sales force that can communicate with GPs because it's a different conversation than
with orthos. Steve, I can't tell you where it's going. But when we talk about that 500 million patients like
I did in my script, that's where they are. And that's where you touch them. And it's a different -- it's not a
big teen market. It's a lot of adults, but it has to have a workflow that's specific to a GP.

And that's why we drive our products. It's why iTero is so important from a front-end standpoint.

Your question on exocad is we think that's going to be a big GP driver for us. It's a big legitimate piece for
us. But I don't think it's adding to volume right now. We're just rolling out these new products. We're just
starting to integrate that kind of software code into iTero and into our programs, and that certainly will
drive increased penetration in the future.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jeff Johnson with Robert W. Baird & Co.

Jeffrey D. Johnson
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

I wanted to start with -- I know it's tough, and maybe there's not even a way to do it. But any way to
think about, especially over the last 2 quarters, how much of this patient volume has been backlog versus
the Zoom effect versus true kind of accelerating penetration of clear aligners versus brackets and wires?
Just is there any way to bucket or what -- any metrics you're looking at that tells you this is truly kind of
that secular uptick we've all been waiting for versus backlog and some of the Zoom effect?

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

I think as we get further and further from the second quarter, obviously, the backlog question becomes
less and less as part of the noise of the structure, right? I feel a lot of analysts, Jeff, they wonder, hey, we
had a great third quarter, obviously, and it was -- well, how much of that was really the second quarter
that was rolled into the third. We really don't know what that was. We don't. And our doctors don't know it
either as we talk to them.

The fourth, obviously, had less of that. And we really felt good about our orders in January, too. So I think
we're really moving away from that question here soon. The number of docs, like I just quoted, with over
7,000 new docs ordering from us. 77,000 in total shows you the breadth of what's going on.

And what's really struck me in this entire thing too, Jeff, is really the -- this is not just the United States,
this is all over the world. It's Latin America, it's APAC, it's tremendous growth in Japan and ANZ and
traditional markets, in China, in Europe. So there's breadth of this and then the segments we talked
about, both GPs and orthos.

So look, there have been backlog in the third quarter. There has to be some backlog in the fourth quarter,
whatever, but we don't think that's the overriding story here.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

Jeffrey D. Johnson
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Yes, that's fair. And then one other kind of maybe more conceptual question. Just as I think about it
through your advantages program. But are you seeing doctors that are the high-volume guys, the
Platinum guys moving up to Diamond and Double Diamond? Is it the lower Bronze or Gold guys moving up
to Platinum? Does it matter to you which it is?

But more importantly, conceptually, is it getting those low volume guys to really go all in here or the high-
volume guys to convert completely to Invisalign? And I'm sure you're going to tell me it's a mix of both
that, but just kind of what you're seeing would be helpful there on your own customer base.

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Yes. You helped me answer that question, Jeff. It is a mix. But it is really broad. I mean we see it in the
Bronze accounts and Golds and all the way to Diamond and Diamond Plus, and we see growth in all those
segments. And I think it's kind of logical, right? The people that know how to digital are going to expand
on it because digital really allows them to function in this COVID environment in a way that allows them
fewer customer touches and they can actually carry on their practices in a normal way.

Other doctors actually see the advantages of that. They have patients asking for them and they start to
move toward a digital kind of a platform.

So and overall, again, it's a breath discussion. It's not just one area. It's not just one country, it's about
one segment of the advantage program. We've just been seeing adoption across the board. And John,
anything to add onto that?

John F. Morici
CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

No. I'd echo this the breadth. I mean, you have new doctors, like Joe said, 7,000 new doctors that come
in with -- and want to do cases that come into our ecosystem and start cases. You see doctors who have
done just a few cases really start to accelerate. And then at the top of the pyramid, you have people that
are doing a lot of cases and they do even more cases.

So that's part of when we talk about the breadth of this growth and what makes us excited. And it's, like
Joe said, not just a U.S. phenomenon. It's pretty much everywhere.

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

And Jeff, the last thing you said is, do you care? Which I thought was kind of interesting is like we really
don't care. We just want to serve the doctors who want to work with us. We see this market. We talk
about how large this market is and how under-penetrated it is, and we just want to see wherever that
growth is. That's great. Because on the low end, that's terrific, so on the high end, that's terrific. We set
this company up to be able to service either side and to work well with them.

Operator

Our next question comes from Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore.

Elizabeth Hammell Anderson
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I have this question. Obviously, the one of the many nice parts of the quarter was the scanner and
CAD/CAM revenue. Can you talk a little bit about what you sort of see as sort of market growth there?
Like where are you taking share? Is it in the GP? More in the ortho channel? Is it orthodontists adding
their third scanner? Is it people finally saying, yes, I'll go digital? Obviously, the total number of cases
submitted digitally was very high. Any other color you could provide there would be really helpful.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Elizabeth, it's -- you could work for us, okay, you kind of described exactly how that demand is. It's
coming from all these different places. And a lot of it -- when you say where you're taking share, a lot
of it is just analog share, there's so much of dentistry still just completely analog. They're still doing
impressions and different pieces. And so it's -- the growth has been tremendous in that sense.

Your question about orthodontists that start to move up and do a significant part of their practice being
Invisalign, you see a scanner at every chair. And they use these things constantly. It's part of what they
do.

And what we see on the GP segment is the communication tool ends up being the scanner in the front of
the scanner. Because in the past, they'd hold up a mirror and say, Can you see that second møller back
there and you'd say, yes, but you really couldn't, right? Now you throw it on a screen, it's live. You can see
exactly what's going on. It becomes an incredible patient communication tool in a sense of where is your
dentition? What needs to be done? And it helps to convince patients of what the doctor wants to do and
the validity of that kind of treatment.

So that -- this is where dentistry is going. And when you look at iTero, it is arguably the highest
performing scanner in the world, the speed of it, the exactness of it, color rendering and also with
[ neary ] technology, be able to see caries or cavities is a real benefit. Even the orthodontist, who want
to make sure that before you start the treatment that, that dentition is in good enough shape to be the --
accept that kind of movement. So that's just -- this is the time for digitization inside of dentistry, and iTero
plays a big role in that, and it front ends our Digital Platform.

John F. Morici
CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

Especially in a COVID environment, given the fact that you don't want to have as much time for
impressions and so on, and you want to be able to have something that's fast and really be part of that
digital workflow, this iTero lends itself well.

Elizabeth Hammell Anderson
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Okay. That's super helpful. And just -- like just a follow-up, more housekeeping questions. One, obviously,
you announced the new products today, and I imagine that, that's something you'll be talking about as
sort of the virtual Chicago mid-winter and what you would have discussed a lot of it IDS. Is there anything
we should keep in mind in terms of the ramp of sort of new products or impact from IDS moving to the
back half of the year?

And then on the other side, obviously, we saw your announcement about the move to Arizona. Sounds
exciting. I just didn't know if that had any impact in terms of something we should model in on taxes or
anything else, just to touch on that as well?

John F. Morici
CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

Yes. I think I can answer the tax piece of it now. Really not a tax impact. It really came down to when we
look at the campus that we have in San Jose and the expansion that we have from a technology center,
we become space constrained. And so we want to keep that technology center, that innovation center
in San Jose and expand that out and add more to help with that innovation and then moving to here in
Tempe for kind of that head office just made sense to us.

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Yes. And Elizabeth, on the new product pieces, keep in mind, we talked about we spend $0.5 billion a
year on advertising and also new product development, you'll see a lot of new products. We don't pace

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

ourselves on those introductions based on IDS. And that's why we, obviously, announced a new iTero
scanner. We talked about the new 6.0 software that we have. A lot of changes to [indiscernible], which is
our final positioning aspect of dentition. We had the plus product from iGo, the in-face visualization. This is
a digital business, and it requires constant iterations in products.

I mean -- and obviously, mid-winter and those things were great places to highlight it. But our innovation,
we looked at it as agile not waterfall anymore. And then since waterfall used to be invent during the year,
release one period of the year. More and more, you'll see us just monthly, just rolling out new products
as we adapt to a more kind of an agile philosophy of development than a waterfall type of, if that's what
you're asking, Elizabeth.

Operator

Our next question comes from Richard Newitter with SVB Leerink.

Richard S. Newitter
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

Just maybe to start off, the Switch program, which has clearly been extremely successful for you. I'm
curious to know how much more runway there is associated program? And maybe if you could just
comment on kind of how you're at least thinking about that from your internal modeling?

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Look, I think it has a huge amount of breadth to it. I mean, it's not just U.S. We started this in
Japan actually years ago, introduced in the United States. And you think about -- it's just a great winter,
detaching those wires and brackets from people's teeth, using Invisalign, understanding, like we said in
our script, just how much more simple it is and better for people and comfortable for people to go with our
product lines.

So we think it's -- we have a lot of room to grow, and we're going to keep supporting it.

John F. Morici
CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

Yes. And Rich, this is John. I mean, we are always looking at those types of promotions for an ROI. And in
these cases, many cases, looking at it from an incremental standpoint, nothing could be more incremental
than it was glued on to someone's teeth, and now they come off and they go to Invisalign. So we like
those dynamics and it sends a great message.

And those people who had wires and brackets on their teeth can talk about their experience with
Invisalign. So there's a lot of positives to it. And as Joe said, it started in Japan, and we've seen great
success in the U.S., and we look to other places as well.

Richard S. Newitter
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

Got it. Helpful. And Joe, you said a few times how encouraging the trends have been in January. I'm just
curious, understanding it's only one month. But all else equal, if the trends that you're seeing now were to
hold kind of -- for a good portion of the year, where in your long-term -- kind of long-range plan of 20% to
30%, do you think you'd be falling towards the mid- to upper end? I'm just trying to get a sense for kind
of what you are thinking there?

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Nice try, Rich. We're -- look, we're very committed to our long-term growth model, 20% to 30%. That's
really all I can say right now. Rich, we're in a really uncertain environment. We're happy about January.
And this is why we're not giving guidance. We're all living with volatility right now. We'll just continue to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

execute and keep our heads down. But we're committed to that 20% to 30% growth model that we've
been talking about for several years.

Operator

Our next question comes from John Kreger with William Blair.

John Charles Kreger
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Just sticking with that answer, you were, obviously, above that in terms of volumes in the in the fourth
quarter. How do you feel about your ability to deliver on that if the order flow were sustained in terms of
fabrication and fulfillment? How do those metrics holding up at this point?

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Our supply chains, we try to keep ahead in that sense. So I feel we have adequate plans and capacity
right now to be handling a surge in demand.

John Charles Kreger
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Great. Okay. And then, John, I think you've talked about in the past, a reasonable assumption is kind of a
flattish ASP and I realize there's a lot of puts and takes. But is that still a reasonable kind of planning thing
for us or are you guys thinking less on the pricing front and therefore, maybe more of a downward trend
over the coming year?

John F. Morici
CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

It's tough because it really becomes kind of the end result because if you have more primary cases, as
I spoke, compared to secondaries, you can get to see some of these impacts in ASPs. I think in general,
there's not a significant change that we would expect in some of the mix or some of that pricing. So that
being said, you wouldn't expect too much fluctuations in ASPs. But like I said, it depends on that demand
that comes forward from our doctors.

John Charles Kreger
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Got it. Okay. And then one more. Joe, so in a typical year, we'd assume kind of teens would be big in
Q3 and adults would be bigger in Q4. Is that same sort of seasonal pattern likely do you think in '21,
given what we know now? Or would you expect kind of teen order flow to be more kind of spread evenly
throughout the year?

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Yes, John, we don't know. But I'd tell you, it did -- it became muted this year. Obviously, we saw a much
stronger fourth quarter in the United States in teens than we saw -- it's that you normally see from a
season standpoint, it gets continued. So I think all of us are expecting summer and fall months as COVID
has started to retreat a little bit. That might take us back to the patterns that we had before, but I don't
think it's going to be binary. I really don't.

I think this could have changed the pattern. We're going to have to just ride the curve here and see how it
goes. But we'll continue to advertise through this, execute on the plays that we talked about in our scripts,
and we really feel confident we can continue to drive significant teen demand.

Shirley Stacy
Vice President of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations

Operator, we'll take 1 or 2 more questions, please.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

Operator

Our next question comes from Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler.

Jason M. Bednar
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Congrats on another really strong quarter. I appreciate all the details you discussed. Maybe building off
some of the real-time commentary you shared in your prepared remarks there, Joe. Just curious if you
can expand on what you're seeing in January from maybe a utilization perspective? Maybe in the context
of where we were October through December? Any notable call-outs in January from like a geographic
perspective or teens or adults?

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

I think the call out, Jason, really is just the breadth of it, really. There wasn't any geography in particular
that dominated or it was just in [ segment 2, ] GP and ortho continue to be strong. So when you exit a
year and you enter a new year, you obviously glue to that month to see, especially in a business like this,
what the momentum is. And we just see a continuation of the strong momentum that we had in the fourth
quarter that's -- John, anything you can add on...

John F. Morici
CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

Yes. I think the breadth of it is my note on this that we have across geographies between GP and orthos.
And what we've described is a lot of doctors that are higher up in the tier, they are continuing to do a lot
of volume. And then a lot of new doctors that come in, that come in with cases in hand, and we can get
them to start the Invisalign system into our digital ecosystem. So that continued from Q4 into Q1.

Jason M. Bednar
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Okay. That's helpful, guys. And then just focusing on China here just for a quick moment. There wasn't a
great deal of discussion, probably less in this call than maybe any other call in recent memory, in China,
in particular. But I appreciate the seasonality that happens here in the fourth quarter. But maybe just
wondering if you can expand on what you're seeing with your business in the clear aligner market in China
specifically? And maybe compare that against some of your other APAC markets?

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

We felt good about our growth in China, 26% for the quarter overall. China is -- we see shutdowns
periodically, issues in Shanghai or different places. The Chinese are pretty draconian. I'd use -- the move
is when they see COVID, they move pretty quickly. The public hospitals have been throttled to a certain
extent on elective procedures. So -- but we felt good about the quarter. And we feel -- honestly, our
investments in China, we really feel good about those. The manufacturing piece helps, it legitimizes --
our IT systems from a data protection standpoint have to be geared towards China. We're in good shape
with that. We're assembling iTero there now. We feel great about our training centers, great about our
treatment planning capabilities.

So overall, we remain bullish on China, and we think that China will start to -- with the rest of the world
will start to recover in the second half of next year, too, and we expect to be a big part of that.

Shirley Stacy
Vice President of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations

Operator, we'll take one more question, please. And then we'll run over.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

Okay. Our last question comes from Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs.

Nathan Allen Rich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Obviously, results over the past couple of quarters have been really strong. I guess when we look out to
2021, tough to know what happens with COVID, but hopefully, we'll start to get back to normal life later
this year or 2022. I think as we look at where consensus is modeled, I think kind of high teens revenue
growth, it seems like you still feel comfortable with the 20% to 30% target. So do you feel like we should
be expecting that type of growth in line with the long-term range off of this, like this new higher level of
volumes that you're starting to see in the back half of this year?

Joseph M. Hogan
President, CEO & Director

Nathan, that's -- we try to emphasize as much as we can. We feel very confident about those 20% to
30% range of growth and continuing to target 25% to 30% operating profit, too, in order to do that. So
you'll see us -- in the investment rates that we -- John talked about, we're putting in place to drive that
demand. So we make -- we remain committed to that modeled growth.

John F. Morici
CFO & Senior VP of Global Finance

And it starts with a vastly under-penetrated market and the investment opportunity, we talked about.
We tried to give you kind of the breadth of all the different levers that we have to pull to be able to drive
that return. And we continue to make that changes over time in terms of how we invest and where and
so on, but that belief is still there. And when we make those forward investments, we're investing into
that under-penetrated market that we think we can grow 20% to 30% in and do it at a 25-plus percent of
margin rate.

Shirley Stacy
Vice President of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations

Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. This concludes our earnings call. If you have any follow-up
questions, please contact our Investor Relations department. And we look forward to following up a few in
upcoming conferences and virtual events. Have a great day.

Operator
This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your
participation, and have a wonderful evening.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

