The Allstate Corporation NYSE:ALL
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, May 06, 2021 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

3.94

6.11

55.08

2.35

11.85

12.42

Revenue  (mm)

10551.00

10307.00

(2.31 %)

10622.00

42070.82

43120.34

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-06-2021 2:37 AM GMT

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.62

1.76

3.82

3.94

2.46

2.94

5.87

6.11

51.85 %

67.05 %

53.66 %

55.08 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Glenn Thomas Shapiro
President of Personal Property-
Liability of AIC

Mario Rizzo
Executive VP & CFO

Mark Nogal
Head of Investor Relations

Thomas Joseph Wilson
Board Chair, President & CEO

ANALYSTS

Charles Gregory Peters
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

David Kenneth Motemaden
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Joshua David Shanker
BofA Securities, Research Division

Paul Newsome
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Allstate First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.
[Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program is being recorded.

And now I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Mark Nogal, Head of Investor Relations.
Please go ahead, sir.

Mark Nogal
Head of Investor Relations

Thank you, Jonathan. Good morning. Welcome to Allstate's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference
Call. After the prepared remarks, we will have a question-and-answer session. Yesterday, following the
market, we issued our news release, investor supplement and posted related materials on our website at
allstateinvestors.com. Our management team is here to provide perspective on these results.

As noted on the first slide of the presentation, our discussion will contain non-GAAP measures for which
there are reconciliations in the news release and investor supplement and forward-looking statements
about Allstate's operations. Allstate's results may differ materially from these statements so please refer
to our 10-K for 2020 and other public documents for information on potential risks.

And now I'll turn it over to Tom.

Thomas Joseph Wilson
Board Chair, President & CEO

Thanks, Mark. Good morning, everybody, as we appreciate you making the time to follow up on Allstate
and see how we're doing.

Let's start on Slide 2. On the left, our strategy has 2 components, which is to increase personal property-
liability market share; and then secondly, to expand protection services, which are shown in those 2 ovals.
And we made substantial progress in executing that this quarter. Many of those things that we'll talk about
on the right-hand side really a year or plus in the making, but you see it all coming together this quarter.

So we closed on the acquisition of National General in January, enhancing our competitive position in the
independent agent distribution. We executed agreements to sell Allstate Life Insurance Company and
Allstate Life Insurance Company of New York, 2 separate deals there. And that will redeploy capital out
of the lower growth in return businesses and reduces our exposure to interest rate risk. We also made
continued progress on getting higher growth in our personal property-liability business moving into Phase
3 of Transformative Growth.

Total revenues increased by 26.2% in the quarter, which is a stunning number. Policies in force increased
by 20.6%. And of course, that's driven in large part by the National General acquisition. And we'll talk
a little bit more about that in the call. Our long-term approach to creating shareholder value in both
investing and using reinsurance also benefited results this quarter. We had substantial increase in
performance-based income and reinsurance recoveries.

Allstate Protection Plans continues its rapid growth. We launched Home Depot earlier this quarter. We had
strong operating results with adjusted net income of $1.9 billion or $6.11 a share. And that generated
a return on equity over the last 12 months of 23.2%. And then shareholders also benefited with $765
million of dividends and share repurchases.

Let's turn to Slide 3 and go through the first quarter financial results. Our revenues of $12.5 billion in the
quarter increased 26.2% from the prior year quarter, and it reflects both the National General acquisition,
higher investment income and realized capital gains. Property-liability premiums earned and policies in
force increased by 11.4% and 12.1%, respectively. Our performance-based income was $378 million

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

versus a loss in the first quarter of 2020. We did have a net loss of $1.4 billion that we recorded in the
quarter, which there was a $4 billion loss on the disposition from those announced sales to life insurance
companies, and that was not fully offset by the strong operating performance. The strong operating
performance target did create that adjusted net income of $1.9 billion, as you can see from the table on
the bottom. And that's 55.7% higher than the prior year quarter as reduced auto claim frequency and
higher net investment income more than offset increased catastrophe losses.

Let's go to Slide 4, dig in a little on National General, which is an excellent growth platform for us. We
acquired the business for $4 billion in January, and that's to grow market share within the independent
agent channel. And National General has appointments with over 42,000 independent agents. That
expands our product portfolio as well. It includes nonstandard auto insurance where we had a very small
presence, lender-placed homeowners insurance, accident and health insurance and 2 digital marketing
platforms.

National General's agency-facing technology is effective, efficient and scalable. So we're a better
owner for National General since it improves the independent agent business. It lowers cost, and it will
generate incremental growth from here. We've become a top 5 independent agent carrier. And then the
combination of Allstate's standard auto and homeowners insurance expertise with National General's
expertise in nonstandard auto insurance will give us a really broad portfolio of products to provide through
independent agents. Significant expense reductions are expected by consolidating Allstate's 2 independent
agent businesses onto National General's technology and operating platform. And the cost to acquire these
in-force policies, which is about 1 point of overall market share, at the net acquisition price is comparable
to doing this organically.

Now we have 3 measures of success for this acquisition, you can see on the bottom of the table: accretion
to earnings, achieve expense synergies and grow IA channel policies in force. We're only a quarter into
it, but we had a really strong start on these goals. Glenn and the team, Peter, have been working on
this really since 6 months -- we started the deal in July, 6 months before we bought it. So we came
into this first quarter with a head of steam and the Allstate Protection segment added $1.3 billion in net
written premiums, $138 million in underwriting income this quarter. Allstate Health and Benefits increased
adjusted net income by $35 million.

We are integrating Encompass onto the National General platform and are on pace to achieve our expense
synergies. We also expect to grow policies in force by broadening that product portfolio in the IA channel.
And of course, that represents about 1/3 of the total personalized market. The IA channel policies in force
are approximately 6x larger after this transaction. As we add standard auto and homeowner experience
products in National General's offering later this year, that will drive even more growth.

Let me now turn it over to Mario to go through the first quarter results in more detail.

Mario Rizzo
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everybody. Let's go to Slide 5 and delve a little deeper into property-
liability growth. Property-liability policies in force grew by 12.1% compared to the prior year quarter.
National General, which includes Encompass, contributed growth of 3.9 million policies. The Allstate brand
grew policies by 0.5% due to growth in homeowners and other personal lines, as you can see by the table
on the left. Allstate brand auto insurance was flat to the prior year as increased new business was offset
by lower retention.

The chart on the lower right shows a breakdown of personal auto new issued applications compared to the
prior year, which increased 64% in total, primarily due to the incremental 526,000 applications generated
by National General. The middle section of the chart shows Allstate brand impacts by channel which, in
total, generated a 5.4% increase in new business growth compared to the prior year. Modest increases
from existing agents and a large increase in direct channel sales more than offset the volume that would
normally have been generated by newly appointed agents as we pilot new agent models with higher
growth and lower costs.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

As a result, property-liability net written premium grew 13.7% in the first quarter compared to prior year
driven by a 12.9% increase in auto insurance and a 20.3% increase in homeowners insurance. The auto
insurance net written premium increase was driven by a 14.1% increase in policies in force due to National
General and increased new issued applications across all brands. These favorable impacts were partially
offset by lower average auto insurance premiums from approved rate decreases and lower retention,
partially driven by the impact of special payment plans that were implemented during the pandemic.

If you flip to Slide 6, you see property-liability margins remain strong. The recorded combined ratio of
83.3 improved 1.5 points compared to the prior year quarter, primarily from a lower underlying loss ratio
driven by reduced auto frequency and continued cost savings. The auto insurance recorded combined
ratio of 80.5 with 8.8 points below the prior year, primarily due to lower accident frequency in the quarter.
Allstate brand auto property damage gross frequency remained below prior year levels in 47 of 51
geographies, which includes the District of Columbia.

The chart on the lower left shows the impact of the pandemic on Allstate brand auto property damage
gross frequency. As you can see, the onset of the pandemic and efforts to slow the spread of the virus had
a large impact on frequency beginning at the end of the first quarter of last year and then extending into
the second quarter when auto frequency was at its lows. This time frame coincided with AllstateÂ shelter-
in-place payback. Following the second quarter of 2020, property damage frequency has trended below
pre-pandemic levels by approximately 28%, as you can see by the third and fourth quarter variances to
2019, and first quarter 2021 frequency showed a comparable decline relative to 2019.

As you can see from the chart on the bottom right, we continue to make progress in reducing our cost
structure, enabling us to improve the competitive position of auto insurance while maintaining strong
returns. The property-liability expense ratio improved 2.5 points in the first quarter of 2021 compared to
the prior year due to the absence of coronavirus-related expenses incurred in 2020, such as the shelter-
in-place payback, as well as continued cost reductions. This was partially offset by a significant increase in
advertising investment. The expense ratio, excluding coronavirus-related expenses, restructuring charges
and the amortization of purchased intangibles associated with the acquisition of National General was
22.8, an improvement of 0.5 points compared to the prior year quarter.

In connection with the anticipated benefits associated with the future work environment, we expect to
incur approximately $110 million in restructuring costs during 2021 with $33 million recognized in the first
quarter, primarily related to real estate exit costs. These restructuring costs and their future benefits are
incremental to the $290 million of aggregate restructuring costs related to Transformative Growth, which
we announced in the third quarter of 2020 and of which we've recognized $256 million to date, including
$17 million this quarter.

Let's move to Slide 7 to discuss our progress on building Transformative Growth's business models. So
Transformative Growth is a multiyear initiative to build a low-cost digital insurer with broad distribution.
This will be accomplished by expanding customer access, improving customer value, increasing marketing
sophistication and investment and building new technology ecosystems. A longitudinal plan segments
Transformative Growth into 5 phases, starting with the conceptual design and ending with the retirement
of the old business model. We've completed Phase 1 and much of Phase 2.

In Phase 2, the auto insurance competitive position has been improved, leading to higher close rates.
This was supported by cost reductions. Direct capabilities have been expanded and sales volumes
are increasing. New branding has been launched and marketing investment has been increased. This,
combined with industry-leading telematics capabilities, will increase growth. We believe Allstate is among
the leaders in telematics and is the largest pay-per-mile provider through Milewise, which offers lower cost
for customers who drive less. We've also expanded independent agent distribution through the National
General acquisition.

Looking forward, we are now into Phase 3 and building the new operating model. We will support the
transition of Allstate agents to higher growth and lower cost models. New agent models are also being
tested to serve customers who want a local agent. Improving customer acquisition costs relative to
lifetime value will lower costs. Expense reductions will support increased investment in growth and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

technology. The new customer experience and product management technology ecosystems also get
deployed in this phase.

Now let's go to Slide 8, which highlights investment performance for the first quarter. Net investment
income totaled $708 million in the quarter, which was $462 million above the prior year quarter, driven by
higher performance-based income as shown in the chart on the left. Performance-based income totaled
$378 million in the first quarter, as shown in gray, reflecting broad-based valuation increases in private
equity investments and sales of underlying real estate investments. Market-based income, shown in blue,
was $6 million below the prior year quarter. With lower interest rates, our reinvestment rates remain
below the average interest-bearing portfolio yield, reducing income.

Our first quarter GAAP total portfolio return was minus 0.2%, as you can see on the bottom of the left
chart, reflecting lower fixed income valuations. Over the last 12 months, the total return was 8.8%.
As discussed previously, our performance-based strategy has a longer-term investment horizon with
higher but more volatile return expectations. This volatility can be seen by the chart on the lower right. It
highlights the 1-, 5- and 10-year performance-based internal rates of return. The 1-year trend has been
volatile throughout the pandemic with the 2 most recent quarters significantly higher than the returns
experienced during the middle of 2020. Conversely, the 5- and 10-year trends are stable and closer to our
expected returns.

Moving to Slide 9. Allstate Protection Plans continues to grow revenue and profit. As you recall, we
purchased Allstate Protection Plans for $1.4 billion in 2017 to broaden the protection solutions offered
to customers. It provides low-cost protection with excellent service. Products are primarily sold through
U.S. retailers and leverage the Allstate brand. Since acquisition, Allstate Protection Plans has experienced
rapid top line growth and improved profitability. Revenues have grown at a compound annual rate of 48%
over the last 3 years, as you can see on the bottom left, and were more than $1 billion over the latest 12
months.

Adjusted net income went from a loss of $22 million in 2017 to income of $148 million over the last 12
months. Additional growth will be achieved by further expanding appliance, furniture and mobile phone
protection, expanding the geographic footprint outside the U.S. and creating new innovative services, such
as 2-day appliance repair. This acquisition has been an incredible success for us.

Now let's move to Slide 10, which highlights Allstate's attractive returns and strong capital position.
Allstate continued to generate attractive returns with adjusted net income return on equity of 23.2% for
the last 12 months, which was 5.7 points higher than the prior year. Excellent capital management and
strong cash flows have enabled Allstate to return cash to shareholders while simultaneously investing in
growth. We provided significant cash returns to shareholders in the first quarter through a combination
of $601 million in share repurchases and $164 million in common stock dividends. The current $3 billion
share repurchase program is expected to be completed by the end of 2021.

Given our growth strategy and sustainable earnings potential, we announced a 50% increase in the
quarterly common shareholder dividend to $0.81 paid to shareholders on April 1. The total cash return
provided to shareholders was 7.8% of average market capitalization over the last 12 months.
With that context, let's open up the line for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Josh Shanker from Bank of America.

Joshua David Shanker
BofA Securities, Research Division

So it looks like there's very good success in the allstate.com direct model. Can we talk a little about
whether we've shuttered the purchasing through Esurance and the sort of flows we're seeing on the new
policy apps on the allstate.com side?

Thomas Joseph Wilson
Board Chair, President & CEO

Glenn, do you want to take that?

Glenn Thomas Shapiro
President of Personal Property-Liability of AIC

Sure. Yes. So we have not completely shuttered Esurance. What we've done is we've redirected our
marketing dollars from the Esurance brand to the Allstate brand. And in addition to that, we've invested
more in the Allstate brand as well. Part of that was being able to move that marketing. So while Esurance
has trailed down, we're still taking advantage of the goodwill that we've paid for over years of that brand
and the fact that people recognize it and still find the Esurance out there, and they have good products
for a portion of our market. So we're still selling some there. But the growth is absolutely being driven by
the Allstate brand. As you saw in the supplement or the Q, we had 33% increase in direct sold business.
So it's really taking off. And we've got more capacity going into that system because a direct system is
-- I won't say only limited, but a main limiter would be your capacity, your sales capacity in there. So
we're growing the contact center, improving web flows and really growing the Allstate brand in direct sold
business.

Thomas Joseph Wilson
Board Chair, President & CEO

And Josh, just to add there for a second. So as you know, as part of Transformative Growth, we're also
building a new technology ecosystem, a product management system and a customer experience system.
As that gets rolled out, we will shut down the Esurance system, and then we'll stop selling products under
the Esurance thing, but we have some time to do that.

Joshua David Shanker
BofA Securities, Research Division

And the 278,000 new policy apps at Allstate direct, are those apples-to-apples with the 200,000 or so that
you sold 1 year ago? Or was that part of a joint direct captive sort of relationship where direct was a lead
generator? Or are they completely apples-to-apples, those types of new applications?

Thomas Joseph Wilson
Board Chair, President & CEO

Glenn, do you want to take that?

Glenn Thomas Shapiro
President of Personal Property-Liability of AIC

Sure. Yes. It would be an apples-to-apples. It's basically just think about customers that come to us by
either clicking or calling directly into an 800 number as opposed to the customers that come to us through
an agent. So it would be an apples-to-apples comparison.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Joshua David Shanker
BofA Securities, Research Division

And can we talk about National General, Encompass and Allstate brand through independent agents?
Is Encompass going to be called National General, even though the National General and Encompass
products are kind of a different target customer? And what would be wrong with calling the product
Allstate?

Thomas Joseph Wilson
Board Chair, President & CEO

Well, let me take the branding question, then Glenn can fill in how we're doing the transition because it's
different for Encompass than it is for the Allstate independent agents. So first, from a branding standpoint,
we've decided that the Allstate brand and personal property-liability will be on business that we control
both the sales and the service on it. So that's both the Allstate agents and then direct, whether that's
web or call center. For the independent agent business, we've rebranded National General, so it's National
General and Allstate Company. And we launched it, I think, the beginning of January. So that you get the
relationship with Allstate but that -- everybody understands that it's separate than that which you would
see from an Allstate agent. We do not do that with the Allstate brand in the circle of protection.

So for example, we sell under the Allstate name at Walmart, we sell under the Allstate name in Home
Depot, at Target, which gives us both increased exposure to customers, enables us to further leverage
that capability and, quite honestly, has helped us dramatically expand Allstate Protection products because
of the power of their brand. So slightly different strategy from a branding standpoint inside the personal
property-liability markets and outside, but we try to leverage it everywhere we can but provide -- make
sure that, that brand stands for certain things in different areas.

Glenn, do you want to talk about your plans to both integrate Encompass and Allstate independent agents
into National General? And then answer Josh's question on branding at the same time.

Glenn Thomas Shapiro
President of Personal Property-Liability of AIC

Yes. So thanks, Josh, because I think -- it's an interesting question because I think if you take, from a
legacy standpoint, National General and what it was best at and known for and Encompass and what
it's best at and known for, it would be different as you suggested. But as Tom just pointed out, National
General and Allstate Company, that's going to be a different story. We're launching middle-market
products. So think about basically the Allstate product capability in the middle market, auto and home
and other personal lines on the National General platform and branded as National General and Allstate
Company, starting in the second half of this year and then really fast expansion. So it'll be to all 50 states
within 18 months of the start of that, so before the end of next year.

So really, National General and Allstate Company is going to be a company that is serving from
nonstandard up through mass affluent and everything in between. It really is another national player
in the independent agent space. And we've gotten a phenomenal reaction from independent agents,
and they are genuinely excited to have another significant player and with the capabilities of Allstate
and National General combined in that market. And so we're positioned really well to grow with a lot of
greenfield ahead of us in the independent agent space.

Joshua David Shanker
BofA Securities, Research Division

And to be clear, the Encompass name will disappear.

Glenn Thomas Shapiro
President of Personal Property-Liability of AIC

It will be a part of National General and Allstate Company, correct.

Thomas Joseph Wilson

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Board Chair, President & CEO

Whether we roll the policies to a new policy or leave the policy outstanding under the Encompass name
and basically put National General stuff on top, it will just depend on the cost of it. And Encompass goes
first and the Allstate independent agent, which is Allstate-branded products sold through independent
agents in rural spaces where it was not economic to have a captive agent. Mostly. There's a few places
where it didn't work that way, but mostly. That will transition over time as well.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan.

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So first, I guess for Glenn or Mario, but a question on just the auto business. How do you see the interplay
between frequency and pricing? And it seems like everybody's had very good margins in personal auto
over the last several quarters. At what point do you see sort of pricing catch up to that? And in that
environment, do you think if the market stays competitive, are you still in a position to grow your PIF
count?

Thomas Joseph Wilson
Board Chair, President & CEO

Let me provide an overview. And then, Glenn, if you want to jump on to this one. So first, I'm going to
go up a little bit. First, it's about how do we think about increasing market share. And we use 2 words
together: profitable growth. We put them together because that's what we want. We do not believe that
growth with no profit is good for shareholders. So the objective, of course, is maximize shareholder value.
Our expected outcomes for our team are that they will balance between growth and profitability. Our
strategy, of course, as Mario talked about, in the second phase of Transformative Growth is get a more
competitive auto insurance product. And we supported that, of course, and we're being successful by
reducing our costs. So the first thing would be we control our cost. And we can make sure that if we
reduce prices to get more competitive, we still maintain our margins.

Obviously, we want to be smarter, whether that be how we price or how we acquire business and our
marketing. We're also using telematics. And then as we go forward with Transformative Growth, it will be
by being faster with better technology and having new products affordable, simple and connected that
are sold through that broad range of distribution that Glenn was just talking about from direct to Allstate
agents.

So Glenn, do you want to jump in on the specifics?

Glenn Thomas Shapiro
President of Personal Property-Liability of AIC

Yes. So first, I'll talk about frequency a little bit and then -- and go to competitive position. So from a
frequency standpoint, everybody gets benefited from some lower frequency. But we've also looked at a
deeper level at it than just sort of miles driven and the number of accidents coming out because there are
differences by books and you see differences in competitors as to how much tailwind that's providing. So
we look at the fact that commuter driven or take it from rush hour, losses are down about 3 points more
than overall losses. And we look at rural driving, it's down about 4 or 5 points less than urban driving.
And so we look at these at a pretty deep level, and we're fortunate to work with Arity and have a lot of
data on this with 10 years plus of telematics. We get pretty granular into how we're looking at it and
understanding the frequency picture. So we've got a tailwind with that.

So which takes me in a competitive position because we've been moving our competitive position pretty
aggressively. Like you see a minus 1.5 on average premium, and that might feel or seem slight, but
there's a lot underneath that. We've moved new business pricing. We've moved telematic pricing. We've
reduced the cost of our Milewise program that's grown really nicely. And all of that is inside of there. So
our competitive position on the price changes we've made and that are still going into market have really
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

improved. And our close rates are up. We're starting to see those really positive signs of momentum
across multiple states.

And then you put on top of that the fact that some of our competitors have already taken price increases.
You know some of those out there. We've heard others say that they're going to start taking bites at the
apple in terms of price increases. And you look at our position, and obviously, we're in a position right
now we continue to invest in growth. We can still put money into marketing. We could still put money into
competitive price position because of where we're positioned, which really puts us in a great spot to grow
going forward.

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And then just any comments on your views on PIF growth and to the extent you're able to quantify or
give a range on how -- I'm assuming it should trend higher later this year and into next year as you're
implementing some of these initiatives in direct and independent agency but to whatever extent you can
quantify or give us an idea on what you expect PIF to be.

Thomas Joseph Wilson
Board Chair, President & CEO

We don't give forecast on PIF growth or frequency or case tasks, these things you can't predict. Let me
talk about growth a little bit because it is really an important question that many analysts have. And of
course, it drives huge value in the market today. And so we would start and say, first, actuals matter.
And we had a great quarter. I mean over 25% revenue growth. Our PIF growth was in the low teens. And
we're headed towards increasing our market share pretty significantly in personal lines this year, which
is consistent with our strategy, I guess, what we set out to do. You have some naysayers who say, "Well,
you bought it with the acquisition of National General." And that's, of course, true, but you always have to
invest to get market share.

In this case, it is real growth. And we look at it and said, "If we had taken the net price that we paid for
National General and thrown it into marketing or higher commissions or some kind of spiff, it likely would
have given us less growth than we got and certainly not the kind of profitability we're getting from it." But
we did buy it. But we did the same thing with Allstate Protection Plans, right? We bought SquareTrade.
We repositioned it with our brand. And that acquired growth then turned into an organic growth platform.
We expect the same thing to happen with National General. The difference is we paid a slightly higher
premium for SquareTrade than we did for National General.

As it relates to the Allstate brand, we have multiple ways to grow, right? We've got the Allstate agents,
and we're helping them transition to a new model. We have the direct business, which we've launched.
And it's sold, by the way, at a different price than through an agent because we believe customers should
pay for what they get. And if you get an agent and get that help, you should be willing to pay for that. And
so overall, we feel like the Allstate brand is positioned for long-term growth as well. And so we feel like
we've got an overall plan to move forward. It's got Transformative Growth in it. It's got real growth this
quarter. And we're building platforms that will continue that growth going forward.

Operator

Our next question comes from the Greg Peters from Raymond James.

Charles Gregory Peters
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

My first question will be on reinsurance. Tom, I was hoping you could just give us an overview of how
reinsurance helped the company this quarter. And then I know you did file your reinsurance update piece
and maybe talk about what's changing going forward. I did note that the costs in the first quarter are
about 14% higher versus a year ago. Is that the type of cost or increase we should expect for the full
year?

Thomas Joseph Wilson
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Board Chair, President & CEO

Greg, let me start with the strategic perspective on it, and either Mario or Glenn, if you want to talk about
the first quarter. So I'm going to go back a long way. But in 2004 and '05, we had huge catastrophe
losses. We weren't earning any money on homeowners business. We've made some money one year and
we would lose money the next year. When you looked at it over time, like it's not a really good business.
So we looked at getting out. And we said, "You know what, if we were out, we'd want to be in because our
customers do want it. So maybe it's just this catastrophe risk we really don't want." So we created a very
comprehensive catastrophe reinsurance program to basically divest certain portions of the risk we took on.
And that's evolved over time.

We have a very sophisticated multiyear program. It's by state. It's different by event. It's got the
aggregate in it. And we bear that cost each and every quarter, obviously, that comes through. Sometimes,
it pays off. And what you saw this quarter was the aggregate kicked in. And so from losses -- some of the
losses, which were last year, showed up as reducing our catastrophe losses this quarter, which were up
pretty significantly. And that helped smooth it out. And we've looked at that from what kind of return on
capital do we give up to the reinsurers, and we're quite comfortable giving up the return that they get to
avoid the volatility that comes from it. And so it's helped us reposition the homeowners business so that
now it's a very consistent source of profitability for us.

As I was saying to the prior question, we don't believe in growth with -- like running homeowners above
100 is not a good plan. And you're destroying value at that point with growth. And we don't believe in
that. So we've used reinsurance to help reposition the business. We did a whole bunch of other stuff,
including changing the product and changing the way we price and how we underwrite it, how we do our
segmentation down to specific risk codes, how we pay for roof. So there's a whole bunch of stuff we've
changed underneath that over the last decade, but it's a really good business. In reinsurance, using the
reinsurers helped us get there. So what you saw this quarter was a benefit, which is more than -- it was
earned in this quarter, but it was paid for in the prior quarter. So some people want to exclude it from this
year's quarter, I totally get that. I'm like, "That's fine." But then you should not be counting all the costs
from the other time.

Mario or Glenn, do you want to talk about the cost of reinsurance in the program going forward?

Mario Rizzo
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. I can jump in on that, Tom. And just to give you a little color, Greg, on the benefits in the quarter,
we recovered about $955 million in the quarter on a net basis. Part of that was from our per occurrence
nationwide program where we retain the first $500 million of an event, and then we have coverage in our
current program up to $5 billion. And then as Tom mentioned, we also have an aggregate cover which
is about $1 billion, which spans a 12-month period. We also had recoveries under that. So combined, it
was about $955 million. That's net of reinstatement premiums in the quarter. And it was principally on the
freeze event in Texas. So the freeze event on a net basis cost us $586 million in the quarter. Once you
start peeling back the prior year component of that reinsurance recovery, which is about $150 million, you
get to a gross loss in Texas north of $1.3 billion. So we benefited pretty significantly in the quarter from
our reinsurance program.

As you mentioned, we posted on our website the -- we placed most of the nationwide program this
quarter. And we still have a component of the nationwide program to do. And then remember, we have a
separate Florida program. The cost year-over-year, because we've included National General in this year's
program, is going to be slightly higher than it was a year ago when you add up what we were spending
on reinsurance and what National General was spending on reinsurance. But in terms of what you saw in
the first quarter, you got to remember that's still last year's program that was placed May 1. And what we
saw last year was -- the increase we experienced was mainly in the Florida program, and you're seeing
that kind of cycle through in the first quarter. We will start incurring the cost of this year's program when it
incepts, which is on June 1.

Charles Gregory Peters

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

That was a thorough answer. I appreciate it. I'd like to pivot to the expense ratio on Page 6 of your
presentation slide deck. You're continuing every quarter to show improvement in almost every quarter and
show improvement in your expense ratio. And I guess when we think about the sustainability -- or more
importantly, is this a trend that we should continue to expect forever? Obviously, I don't think the expense
ratio would go to 0, but the improvement is noteworthy. And then just as an aside, I did notice that the
expense ratio was up in the Allstate Protection home business, so I'm curious if there was something
unusual on that.

Thomas Joseph Wilson
Board Chair, President & CEO

So overall, Greg, you're right, our strategy to get more competitive in auto insurance pricing, which is
Phase 2 of Transformative Growth, included taking down costs. And as you know, we did a large reduction
in force last year of about 3,800 people. You're starting to see that come through this year. At the same
time, our advertising was way up. And so we tried to balance between those 2. I don't think you could
expect it to come down 0.5 point every quarter from now until infinitum. You should know that our
strategy is to both keep reducing costs every place we can so that we can have a more affordable product
for our customers and, therefore, a better price, we get more of them but not invest in growth because
with the kind of return on capital we're getting in these businesses, we should definitely be seeking more
growth.

Mario, do you want to talk more about this current quarter and what the ins and outs were?

Mario Rizzo
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Greg. So I guess, as Tom mentioned, we're going to continue to focus on reducing our cost
structure. And like we've said really all along, our focus on reducing our cost structure is not a margin
expansion focus. It's a growth focus. And it's a growth focus because reducing our costs enables us
to invest more in growth. And you saw it this quarter where we invested more in marketing. And the
component of our underwriting expense ratio related to marketing actually increased by 0.9 point, yet
it was more than offset by the operating cost reductions that Tom referenced from last year. So the real
ins and outs were more investment in advertising, more than offset by cost reductions and net-net, a 0.5
point improvement in kind of the underlying expense ratio in the quarter. And we're going to continue to
focus on moving that number down.

The other thing I'd mention on expenses, and it's not obvious in our numbers, is part of our focus on cost
reduction has been on getting more efficient in claim handling. And we've improved the efficiency and
our loss adjustment expense, which comes through the loss ratio. But again, we consider it as a core part
of our cost reduction efforts to improve the cost structure, create capacity to invest and be able to grow
more and continue to deliver excellent returns. So I think what you saw in the quarter was really a kind of
proof of how that strategy is playing out. In terms of the homeowner expense ratio specifically, Greg, I'd
have to go back and take a look at what components of it, whether it came through distribution costs or
underwriting costs, whether it was like inspections and so on. So let me take that one off-line, and I'll get
back to you on that one.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Paul Newsome from Piper Sandler.

Paul Newsome
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Congratulations on the quarter. I was hoping you could expand a little bit more about what it means to
transition the existing career agents to a different model. We get e-mails from agents all the time. Usually,
they're worried about this or that. Is this a transition that's really towards more of an independent agent

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

type structure with your agents? Are we talking something that's completely out of the book? Or is it sort
of to be determined?

Thomas Joseph Wilson
Board Chair, President & CEO

Let me provide a little view, and then Glenn can tell you some of the specifics of what we're doing. But
Paul, the first thing I would say is, no, we're not going to do the nationwide deal and turn them all into
independent agents. We don't think that makes sense from a customer standpoint. Our customers come
to us because they love the Allstate brand. We have a really strong brand, long relationships. So we're
not planning on turning them into something else. And obviously, the fast pace of change has all of us on
edge, whether you're a retailer or anybody, with what's going on in the world. And the good news for our
agents is that still a majority of consumers want an insurance professional help them buy insurance. And
our agents are really good at it.

That said, people are more comfortable with self-service, simple items, and technology enables a
computer to do some of the work that used to be handled by people and still, in some cases, handled on
local offices. So we have to transition their model and go where the customer is going.

And so that includes -- maybe we don't have to use as much real estate as we use today. We certainly
do not need to do as much service work in agent offices. So we have a little over 10,000 Allstate agents.
There's probably 26,000, 27,000 people working in those agents. Some of those people are doing service
work. And we think we can do that either centrally at a lower cost and be more effective for our customers
or just get the computer to do it and nobody does it at all. So we have to figure out how do we transition
those people in those offices to doing service work, to doing sales work or, if they can't transition those
licensed sales professionals, have the agents build up staff they can move into.

So last year, one of the things that Glenn and team did was they raised a new business commissions to
incent and give people the opportunity to invest more and sell more things to more people and get more
people selling for them. And to offset that and continue to make sure we're meeting our customers' cost
needs, we slightly reduced renewal commissions to reflect that. So if you're an agent and you're focused
on new sales, that's a good thing. You're excited about it. You're often ready to go. If you've been focused
more on service and not on growth, then you're not going to be as excited about that change because it
changes your business model.

So we have to help them transition from where they are to the place where the customers want us to go,
which is they want help, but they want to do it in a technologically efficient, low cost way. And we think
that there's a good way to do it. Glenn can give you some examples of what we're doing with our existing
agents. We've already talked about what we're doing direct to serve our customers. And then we're also
trying some new models that Glenn can talk about that do the same thing, which is use people to help
people buy insurance in a local space today at lower cost.

Glenn, do you want to give some more specifics on that?

Glenn Thomas Shapiro
President of Personal Property-Liability of AIC

Yes, absolutely. And Paul, Tom hit a lot of the really important points here, but a couple bear repeating. So
I know I'm being repetitive, but it's really important. So it's a hard no on the IA piece. So I'll just reiterate,
as Tom said. We are dedicated to our exclusive agent model completely, and we believe that there is not
only a meaningful place but a huge place for our exclusive agents to grow in the market because, as Tom
said, most consumers still want to work with an agent.

So in the presentation materials, it talked about higher growth, lower cost models. So I'll just hit a couple
of things. Lower cost, we've been really reticent in the past to allow agents to consolidate locations or to
even go, in some cases, without real estate or reduce their real estate footprint. We've been very focused
on a model that is, "How many signs do you have up across the countryside?" And we're going to really
lean in to allowing agents to reduce costs in the way they run their business. And Tom talked a bit about
the service. We started that in 2019, and we built it up a bit and everything, but we really have to get to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

a centralized and more efficient and effective way of serving customers than separately across 10,000
different locations. And we can take a lot of cost out of the system and reduce the cost for the agents so
that they can focus on growth.

From a higher growth standpoint, it's about leaning in on the marketing that they do, that we can help
them do more effectively and efficiently as a large enterprise, the lead management that they do,
compensating them more for new business, as Tom mentioned also. That's the existing agents and how
we want to transition that to higher growth, lower cost. The new models, for example, and we have
several hundred of these already in place actually, are -- we're learning from our Canadian operation
actually. In Canada, we have AllstateÂ agents who operate sort of independently from one another. It's
not an agent with multiple staff. They're independent workers and producers. And they work on sort of a
balance between being in communities and driving leads themselves and getting leads from the company.
And it's been very successful. We're growing very fast in Canada.

So we leveraging that model and looking at models with no real estate, in local markets that are part of
the community and are able to take leads and also generate their own leads in that community and grow.
So it's early in the process, but in the second half of the year, we're looking to ramp those up significantly.

Paul Newsome
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

I guess, relatedly, could you talk a little bit about any early looks on the pilot programs for new agent
recruitment and if there's some different things that will be happening here in the near future?

Thomas Joseph Wilson
Board Chair, President & CEO

Glenn, do you want to take that?

Glenn Thomas Shapiro
President of Personal Property-Liability of AIC

Yes. So we're focused on those new models I just mentioned in terms of our recruitment right now. And so
we have been -- I think we have several hundred already, and we have a lot more in the pipeline. So we're
looking to grow with those new models. What we're really focused on with the existing agent group, while
we're recruiting some into the compensation program that we have as opposed to what we call enhanced
compensation program, which was a higher cost model before, we're recruiting some into that as more
of what you'd refer to as a traditional exclusive agent. But the heavier emphasis on our recruiting is on
those new models where, with our existing agents, we're really focused on investing to get more of those
agents growing and wanting to grow. The good news is they are growing right now. We have increased
new business production with our existing established agents. So when you see the total -- somebody
referenced earlier of slightly down on the overall agency force, that is driven by sort of the lack of new
appointments. The existing agents, new business is up year-over-year.

Thomas Joseph Wilson
Board Chair, President & CEO

And Glenn, let me just add to that last point, Paul, which is, when you see that little red bar on our graph,
that was an intentional choice on our part, not a flaw in the system. So it's not like we decided that,
you know what, we were hiring these new agents. We require them to have their own office. We require
them to have support staff. To make that work when you have no customers, we're paying 30% upfront
commissions, which then stayed high for -- not at 30% but stayed higher than customers should have to
pay for them for about 5 years. And we said, you know what, this is not the model of the future. We could
have kept that going while we develop these new models. And the system would look like, it would have
been generating more growth than it is today.

But we say, you know what, economically, that's just not the smart thing to do, like we're not using
shareholders' money right. And that's where we get into, which is the conversation we were talking about

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

before, profitable growth. You got to have profitable long-term growth. And so you have some bumps, but
that's not about a flaw on the system, that's about an intentional choice.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of David Motemaden from Evercore.

David Kenneth Motemaden
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I guess I wanted to just touch on retention. I was surprised it fell a little bit here again, also especially
given some of the rate actions that you guys have taken. I guess could you maybe just talk about how
much of an impact the lapsing of any billing leniency may have had on the retention and what your
expectations are for retention going forward? Like, should we see a snapback here in the second quarter?
Yes, I guess that's just my question on retention.

Thomas Joseph Wilson
Board Chair, President & CEO

David, let me provide an overview, and Glenn, you can take the impact of the pandemic billing stuff.
First, I would say, retention is really hard to do attribution on. People leave for all different reasons. And
sometimes, it's for price. Sometimes it's because they move. Sometimes it's they bought a new car.
And so it's difficult to get it down to precision to in a point. What you do know is if your Net Promoter
Score is good and you're doing a better job for customers, they should stay around longer. And if you're
competitive in price and you're changing your price not only for new business, which we've done, but also
for your existing customers, which we've done, so they have a better price, and that should also keep
them. But there's lots of different variations. So it's really hard to predict it.

Glenn, do you want to talk about how you're feeling about retention this quarter? And again, we have a
hard time -- nobody really knows how to predict retention.

Glenn Thomas Shapiro
President of Personal Property-Liability of AIC

Yes, absolutely. So retention is a lagging metric, first of all, I'll start there. That wherever -- whenever a
customer decides to cancel, move, shift, we record it and report it at the point of what would have been
the renewal. So there's a bit of a lag to that. So while we stopped the special payment plans during last
year, there's still some of that trickling in. So as Tom said, attribution is difficult on this. But there's a
portion of it that's related to that, no question.

Secondly, though, look, it is a highly competitive market right now. Shopping is up. Advertising is up.
And there's some impact from that. It's interesting when you look at National General, as an example, if
you saw in some of our disclosures, like National General's new business, it's really eye-popping because
National General writes a lot more new business to grow because they have a shorter cycle time. As our
business shifts and we look at overall protection business, and we're writing in more markets and we're
writing direct and not just through exclusive agents, that number will move around a little bit on retention,
but our focus is to create a lot of new business. That's what Transformative Growth is about. We're going
to create a lot of new business so that the undulations of retention don't mute our overall growth.

David Kenneth Motemaden
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Got it. That's helpful. And then maybe just on the new business side. Obviously, great growth, especially
on the direct side in new apps. I guess I'm wondering maybe if you could just -- you had kind of
mentioned it in your script but wanted just a bit more details on the Milewise offering and how that did
this quarter, how big that is as a percentage of the entire book. And was that really the driver behind the
direct growth that we saw in the quarter?

Thomas Joseph Wilson
Board Chair, President & CEO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Glenn, you can take where we are with Milewise in a number of states and the stuff you got on pricing.
I would say, though, when you just step all the way back, we're about building a digital insurer. And
sometimes that gets lost as to how big and how successful we are at it given the size and scale of our
company in total. And sometimes people look at people who only do that and assume that they're about
to take over the market. However, we're happy to compete. We feel like we're really doing well in here. We
were early in telematics. We think we're a leader in telematics. And this is an example of a product where
we were out early. We're aggressively amortizing it, and it's resonating.

Glenn, do you want to talk about what you've done to help it grow?

Glenn Thomas Shapiro
President of Personal Property-Liability of AIC

Yes, absolutely. And to the question of is it driving the direct growth, I would say no. Direct growth is -- a
majority of that is not Milewise. It's an interesting thing to look at, as Tom said, when you look at it inside
a company like Allstate, Milewise will look relatively small. It's up this year something close to -- in autos,
policies, I think, are 4 and change times what they were, autos are 6 and change times what they were
a year prior. So significant growth. If this was a stand-alone start-up sitting outside of a large insurance
company like Allstate, it is the largest in the industry, pay-by-mile program, and it would look really big
and really fast-growing and really attractive.

Inside of Allstate, it is helping our growth, but it is not driving our growth, is the way I'd say that. We're
looking to expand over time on Milewise. Right now, it's available to about 50% of consumers across the
country, and we have more states lined up for that. It does require the OBD port, which I think everybody
knows there are chip shortages out there. We have not run into a problem where we have to slow down
our Milewise at this point. But we are actively managing our supply chain on it because it is a popular
product, and we're managing our state expansion and looking at that so that we don't run into supply
chain issues.

Thomas Joseph Wilson
Board Chair, President & CEO

Thank you for the questions. I think we're out of time here. It's top of the hour, and we try to be
respectful of your time. Obviously, we appreciate you coming to spend time with us and hear about us. We
had an excellent quarter. The work, and you saw from that first slide the amount of expertise and effort
that went into delivering all that for the quarter, wasn't just this quarter. It's what we do over time. But we
feel good about where we're at. So we've had great operating results as well.

So thank you for your participation, and we'll see you next quarter.

Operator
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the
program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

