Applied Materials, Inc. NasdaqGS:AMAT
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, August 19, 2021 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.78

1.90

Revenue  (mm)

5918.51

6196.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-19-2021 1:50 AM GMT

6.74

4.69

1.81

6.63

7.43

6016.88

22717.66

24872.98

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.17

1.28

1.51

1.78

1.25

1.39

1.63

1.90

6.84 %

8.59 %

7.95 %

6.74 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
APPLIED MATERIALS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Daniel J. Durn
Senior VP & CFO

Gary E. Dickerson
President, CEO & Executive
Director

Michael Sullivan
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Atif Malik
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Christopher James Muse
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Harlan Sur
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

John William Pitzer
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Joseph Michael Quatrochi
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Krish Sankar
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Stacy Aaron Rasgon
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Timothy Michael Arcuri
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Toshiya Hari
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Vivek Arya
BofA Securities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

APPLIED MATERIALS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to the Applied Materials Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to turn the conference over to Michael Sullivan, Corporate Vice President. Please go
ahead, sir.

Michael Sullivan
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining Applied's Third Quarter of Fiscal 2021 Earnings Call.
Joining me are Gary Dickerson, our President and CEO; and Dan Durn, our Chief Financial Officer.

Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that today's call contains forward-looking statements, which are
subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ. Information concerning
the risks and uncertainties is contained in Applied's most recent Form 10-Q and 8-K filings with the SEC.
Today's call also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to GAAP measures are found in
today's earnings press release and in our quarterly earnings materials, which are available on the IR page
of our website at appliedmaterials.com.

Before we begin, I have some calendar announcements. On the 8th of September at 9 a.m. Pacific
Time, we plan to host the third event in our masterclass series, this time focusing on the ICAPS markets
and also on heterogeneous design and advanced packaging. Then, on the 18th of October, also at 9
a.m. Pacific Time, we plan to hold our fourth masterclass. We'll focus on process control and process
optimization, including AIx platform technologies like e-beam and AI. We hope you'll join us.

And now I'd like to turn the call over to Gary Dickerson.

Gary E. Dickerson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Thank you, Mike.

In our third quarter of 2021, Applied Materials again delivered record performance capitalizing on strong,
broad-based demand for our semiconductor products and services while navigating a challenging supply
environment. Over the past 18 months, the pandemic has accelerated the digital transformation of the
economy and adoption of advanced technology creating a permanent, structural shift for the industry. At
the same time, COVID-19 has disrupted global supply chains and logistics, a transitory challenge we'll
continue navigating over the coming quarters. Across the company, I want to thank our teams for doing
an incredible job to successfully overcome these near-term disruptions, provide outstanding support to
customers and keep our R&D road map on track.

In today's call, I'll focus on 3 main topics: first, I'll provide our perspective on the market, starting with
our near-term outlook and then recapping our longer-term thesis; second, I'll summarize the 3 pillars of
Applied's growth strategy; and third, I'll explain how Applied is outperforming our markets today and is
well positioned to play an even bigger, broader and more valuable role in the future.

I'll begin with our near-term outlook. Overall, there is no significant changes to our view of the market.
Demand is strong and sustainable, with customers making strategic investments to address long-term
secular trends.

In 2021, foundry/logic is the fastest-growing wafer fab equipment market, and we believe it will represent
more than 55% of total customer investment for the year. This spending is split relatively evenly between
leading edge, the 3 most advanced nodes in foundry and logic, and technologies for IoT, communications,
automotive, power electronics and sensor applications or what we call ICAPS.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

APPLIED MATERIALS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2021

We expect DRAM spending to be the second fastest-growing WFE market this year, and we see a positive
setup for sustained investment in capacity and new technology. Supply-side inventories remain below
normal levels and long-term demand drivers are strong, fueled by memory-intensive AI computing.

On an absolute basis, we expect NAND investments to be similar to DRAM for the year. We believe NAND
inventories are at normal levels, both on the supply-side and demand-side.

Looking further ahead, I strongly believe there has never been a more exciting time for semiconductor
companies. We are only at the beginning of decade-long trends that will underpin secular industry growth.
As I've said before, digital transformation is built on silicon and broadens the drivers for semiconductor
innovation. Demand for semiconductors is no longer about 1 or 2 killer applications, but rather an
expansive structural shift in the economy towards digitization and automation.

Smart and connected devices at the edge not only consume more silicon, they are driving exponential
growth in machine-generated data. To make sense and create value from the vast volumes of data
available, new AI computing approaches are needed, fueling further demand for current and next-
generation semiconductors.

While global consumption of silicon is accelerating, adoption rates of new technology vary considerably by
region. As we showed at our investor meeting, we estimate that by 2025, China will have only reached
the same levels of silicon spend per capita the U.S. saw in 2015. And India trails China by another 8 to 10
years.

Since the impact of digital transformation is so wide-reaching, national governments are increasingly
recognizing the strategic importance of semiconductors. As government incentives become available in
the U.S., Asia and Europe, they can provide multiyear support as the industry moves from lean and just-
in-time supply chains to more resilient, flexible and secure approaches, including regionally distributed
capacity.

However, putting the right manufacturing infrastructure in place is only one piece of the puzzle.
Investment in innovation infrastructure to lead in the development and commercialization of next-
generation technologies is even more critical to winning the future. Early access to superior semiconductor
technologies, or what I refer to as winning the PPACt race, will determine the countries and companies
that thrive and those that won't.

At Applied, we have a strong point of view that the industry's future will not be like the past, and we've
aligned our strategy and investments accordingly. Our strategy has 3 pillars. First and foremost, we
are focused on being the PPACt enablement company to provide the foundation for customers' power,
performance, area, cost and time-to-market road maps. We have the broadest and most enabling portfolio
of process technologies that we can co-optimize and combine in unique and highly enabling ways.

Second, we're shifting more of our business to subscriptions as we believe this model provides significant
benefits to customers and for us. We have already converted a meaningful portion of our installed
base business to recurring revenues, and we are starting to monetize new products and services using
subscription approaches. And third, we continue to optimize our portfolio of businesses that serve adjacent
markets, including display, to drive profitable growth and higher free cash flows.

This strategy is yielding results and 2021 is shaping up to be a strong year of outperformance for Applied.
Starting with our unit process tools, we are seeing very strong demand for our leadership products. For
example, taking the midpoint of our fourth quarter guidance, both our epi and thermal businesses are on
track to grow more than 70% this fiscal year, while CMP will grow more than 60% and implant more than
50%. We're also seeing outperformance in our growth areas, especially process diagnostics and control,
where we expect to grow more than 60% in calendar 2021.

On top of this, we have strong momentum with our co-optimized and integrated solutions. By revenue,
about 70% of the semiconductor products we sell today have already been co-optimized at some level.
Co-optimization allows us to see and solve higher-value problems for customers, speed up technology
transition to high-volume manufacturing and make our solutions stickier. Beyond co-optimization, our
integrated material solutions, called IMS, combine multiple processes with customized metrology and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

APPLIED MATERIALS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2021

sensors in a single system typically under vacuum. Our latest IMS product, that lowers interconnect
resistance by 50% in advanced foundry/logic, directly addresses a multibillion-dollar opportunity over
the next 5 years. With IMS, we can target the most complex and valuable challenges in the new PPACt
playbook, and we have an exciting pipeline of new solutions for both foundry/logic and memory.

Another area where we're seeing strong and sustainable growth is our ICAPS business that serves a broad
spectrum of customers and applications in IoT, communications, automotive, power and sensors. Within
ICAPS, demand for 28-nanometer and larger nodes is especially robust. Revenue from products serving
these applications is expected to double this year. By acting early and forming a dedicated ICAPS team in
2019, we've been able to increase our focus on these customers and accelerate our share of this market.
We're developing new products specifically designed for ICAPS markets, including integrated and co-
optimized solutions. As a result, we're deepening our partnership and collaborations with these customers.
For example, we recently signed a 5-year contract with a leading ICAPS customer designed to provide
more assured supply for them and more predictable revenues for Applied.

Today, we are demonstrating strong momentum in our leadership and growth businesses, IMS and ICAPS,
and as I look ahead, I'm confident our opportunities are even better. It's clear that advances in materials
engineering are foundational to the industry's PPACt road map. The PPACt playbook has 5 key elements:
new architectures, including workload-specific ASICs and new memories; 3D structures, including gate-
all-around transistors, buried power rail and 3D DRAM; new materials for gate, contact and interconnects;
new geometric shrink and advanced packaging.

We believe that the relative contribution of these 5 elements to PPACt at future nodes is evolving in
ways that create opportunities for Applied to play an even larger and more valuable role. Let's take
advanced packaging as an example. We identified this inflection early and began investing in differentiated
technology years ago. Today, we enjoy a clear leadership position in the advanced packaging equipment
with more than 60% share of our served market. We will generate more than $800 million of revenue from
our equipment business this year. And through a combination of organic R&D and strategic partnerships,
we're also developing highly enabling future technologies. We are very excited about our opportunities and
pipeline, and we'll share more details with you at our upcoming packaging masterclass.

Finally, when we talk to customers about PPACt, they consistently highlight the importance of t, time-
to-market. Time-to-market acceleration is a critical component of our PPACt enablement strategy.
We've developed a proprietary suite of solutions to accelerate every stage of the product life cycle,
from R&D, to technology transfer and high-volume manufacturing. Our Actionable Insight Accelerator
or AIx platform that we officially launched in May brings together process tools, sensors, metrology,
data analytics and machine learning. We have strong momentum and are adding new installations at
multiple leading customers. For example, AppliedPRO is our process recipe optimizer within AIx and used
to accelerate R&D qualification of individual chambers and tools as well as enable larger process windows
and higher chip yields. Over the next 12 months, we expect to double the number of AppliedPRO customer
engagements from around 25 this year to more than 50.

Before I hand the call over to Dan, I'll quickly summarize. We see strong and sustainable demand for our
semiconductor business underpinned by a wide range of positive macro and technology drivers. While
COVID-related supply chain disruptions persist, our teams are doing a great job working through these
challenges. We believe Applied Materials will outperform our markets again this year thanks to our strong
portfolio of differentiated unit process tools for both leading edge and ICAPS markets, combined with
accelerating adoption of our IMS and advanced packaging products. As we look ahead, we're confident
that the strength of longer-term secular trends will drive semiconductor and wafer fab equipment markets
structurally higher, and we believe Applied is in the best position to accelerate our customers' PPACt road
maps and grow significantly faster than our markets.

Dan, over to you.

Daniel J. Durn
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, Gary.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

APPLIED MATERIALS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2021

Today, I'll begin by summarizing Applied's overall performance in Q3. Then I'll discuss our Semi Systems
results, including new details about our foundry/logic business. I'll also give you a number of metrics
surrounding the large recurring revenue portion of Applied's Global Services segment. Then I'll add my
perspective on the demand trends in our markets and provide our guidance for Q4.

Beginning with our Q3 performance, Applied generated the strongest revenue in company history with
each of the segments exceeding guidance. We increased gross margin to 48%, which is the highest in 14
years despite the ongoing cost headwinds related to COVID. We also delivered the company's highest-ever
operating profit, operating margin and earnings per share. Our results included record operating cash flow
and record free cash flow of $1.5 billion. In fact, we've generated nearly $5 billion in cumulative free cash
flow over the past 4 quarters.

At the investor meeting in April, we made a long-term commitment to return 80% to 100% of free
cash flow to shareholders. And in Q3, the buyback window was available to us for the full quarter. We
repurchased $1.5 billion of Applied's stock during the quarter and returned 111% of free cash flow to
shareholders including dividends. We ended the quarter with around $6.5 billion remaining in our share
buyback authorization. Given the secular growth trends in our end markets and our view of the intrinsic
value of the company, we expect to continue to be active in the market for our shares.

Finally, last quarter, I mentioned that Moody's upgraded Applied's credit rating to A2. I'm pleased that
earlier this month, Standard & Poor's also upgraded our rating from A- to A.

Now I'll provide some insights into the strong performance of our Semi Systems business, which
generated its highest-ever revenue in Q3. Our demand is broad-based across foundry/logic and memory,
and within foundry/logic, across a wide variety of nodes. We're increasing our technology leadership in
many areas, and that's being reflected in our operating margin, which crossed 40% for the first time.

About half of our foundry/logic revenue is being generated by our ICAPS business, which focuses on all
but the 3 most leading nodes. Our ICAPS business has a large global presence and serves a very large
number of customers throughout North America, Europe and Asia. Many of the ICAPS applications have
long product cycles, which generates lasting opportunities for us, both in equipment and services. We have
high share and the margins are accretive to the company. We look forward to giving you more insights into
the ICAPS markets and our strategies at the masterclass next month.

Turning to Applied Global Services. We're building a solutions-based recurring revenue business that
delivers predictable free cash flow across market cycles. Our segment reporting gives you good insights
into the business. And I'll continue to help you with key performance indicators that demonstrate the
unique qualities of Applied's services business and the progress of our strategies. From our segment
reporting, you know that AGS delivered record revenue of $1.29 billion in Q3, up 24% year-over-year.

87% of AGS revenue was recurring services, parts and software. The remaining amount was primarily
legacy 200-millimeter equipment, so Applied generated $1.1 billion in recurring revenue this quarter. This
is by far the highest among our process peers and demonstrates our progress in generating lifetime value
from the industry's largest installed base.

Today, our semi installed base is just over 40,000 systems, and we have over 160,000 chambers in the
field. At the investor meeting, we shared our goal to increase revenue per system by 20% between 2020
and 2024. As of Q3, we're already halfway to achieving our goal.

Now I'll put some metrics to our strategies for adding customer value to further grow our recurring
revenue. Connecting the installed base to our AIx servers enables us to perform data-enabled services
for our customers. Today, we have just over 4,300 connected tools, which is up over 30% from our
2020 baseline. We're also growing the number of secure remote connections, which allows us to connect
our best experts to the installed base to perform remote analytics, diagnostics and optimization from
anywhere in the world. The number of remote connected tools now exceeds 3,200, which is up over 36%
from our 2020 baseline.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

APPLIED MATERIALS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2021

Another key focus is transitioning our recurring revenue to subscriptions in the form of long-term service
agreements. Today, we're generating 60% of our recurring revenue from subscriptions, and our goal is to
reach around 70% by 2024. We also have a subscription renewal rate of around 90%.

Another sign of customer value is the tenure of the agreements. Across the entire base of subscription
agreements, we've increased the tenure from 1.9 years at the end of 2020 to 2.2 years today. In fact, of
our subscriptions booked in Q3, 77% were multiyear agreements. We track all of these KPIs very closely. I
hope they give you a good sense of the size and growth of our recurring revenue and the strong customer
pull we're generating by focusing on customer time-to-market as well as cost, output and yield.

Finally, another key metric we disclose is AGS segment operating margin, which provides a good indicator
of the value our services bring to customers. In Q3, it crossed 30% for the first time in 15 years.

Next, I'll add my perspective on the demand environment. While Q3 was a record quarter, we see further
growth ahead. In fact, our overall backlog is close to $10 billion, with record levels in both Semi Systems
and AGS, and strength across all of our geographies. I still expect equipment spending to be higher in
the second half of calendar 2021 for both foundry/logic and DRAM. I expect WFE to be up in 2022, and I
expect all of our reporting segments to be higher.

Now I'll share our Q4 business outlook. We expect to increase company revenue to approximately $6.325
billion, plus or minus $250 million or up around 35% year-on-year. We've widened the revenue range this
quarter because of near-term risks within our supply chain. We expect non-GAAP EPS to be around $1.94,
plus or minus $0.07 or up around 55% year-on-year.

Within this outlook, we project Semiconductor Systems revenue of about $4.60 billion, up around 50%
year-over-year and AGS revenue of about $1.30 billion, up nearly 18% year-over-year. We expect Display
revenue to be around $400 million.

Applied's non-GAAP gross margin should be flat sequentially at 48% or up around 230 basis points year-
over-year. We plan to increase non-GAAP OpEx to $960 million, which is around 15.2% of revenue and
below our longer-term target of 16%. Our guidance assumes a slightly higher non-GAAP tax rate of
around 12.5%.

In summary, I'm pleased that Applied delivered another record quarter of financial performance in Q3,
with strong margins and free cash flow. The demand environment continues to be strong, and I'd like
to join Gary in thanking all of our teams and partners for their hard work in a robust but challenging
environment.

Now Mike, let's begin the Q&A.

Michael Sullivan
Vice President of Investor Relations
Thanks, Dan. [Operator Instructions] Operator, let's please begin.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

APPLIED MATERIALS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of C.J. Muse from Evercore.

Christopher James Muse
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I was hoping to dig a little bit deeper into your ICAPS business. You talked about foundry/logic being 55-
plus percent of the mix this year and ICAPS perhaps half of that. And so I guess, did I hear that correctly?
And as you think about the spending there, can you walk a little bit in more detail around leadership
versus growth penetration for you and how we should think about the sustainability of spending there
into 2022 as well as the positive mix shift to gross margins? And then finally, as part of that, is there a
subscription angle that's a greater part of the story there given lagging edge or no?

Daniel J. Durn
Senior VP & CFO

This is Dan. I'll start and Gary can jump in with some perspectives after I'm done. So as we think about
the ICAPS market and the setup around foundry/logic, I think the contours you drew create the right
perspective, greater than 55% of WFE this year is foundry/logic. When we look into foundry/logic and look
at leading edge versus ICAPS nodes, you're seeing balance in those 2 markets. We had balance in those
2 markets in 2020. We've got balance again in 2021. So we're really encouraged by the strength we're
seeing across the entire node profile and geometries within foundry/logic. We think we're incredibly well
positioned on the leading edge to drive key enabling technologies as the new playbook rolls out. We're
equally well suited in the ICAPS nodes to drive those road maps going forward. Innovation is back across
the entire node profile.

As our customers pursue unique opportunities in IoT, communications, auto, power, sensors, there's very
unique technologies and capabilities that need to be driven as intelligence finds its way to the edge. Those
road maps are vibrant. We've got key enabling technologies that's driving really good market positions for
us at attractive margins. So we think we're really well set up to perform extremely well as both of these
sides of foundry/logic profile going forward in a very balanced way. So we like how well we're positioned.

Gary E. Dickerson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes. C.J., this is Gary. Thanks for the question. So I think ICAPS, maybe some people would think as
trailing technology nodes. But if you really think about the digitization of everything and this big inflection,
people are talking about the future having 0.5 trillion or 1 trillion connected devices at the edge. And
certainly, as we talk to system companies that are deploying those eyes and ears and sensors in all of
those different applications that are transforming every industry, there needs to be a tremendous amount
of innovation in power, performance, cost in both the chips and the packages. And we will cover this some
more in the September 8 masterclass.

But I would think about edge innovation, certainly in the cloud you need high performance to extract the
actionable insights. But that latency, power, cost, all of those things on the edge, that innovation is really
important. And I think relative to the sustainability, certainly, you can see the explosion of data, especially
machine-generated data, this market is very, very strong. And we think as you go to 0.5 trillion connected
devices at the edge in the future, it's going to stay very strong. And as Dan talked about, we made a
strategic change in our organization in 2019, pulling together key parts of our company, 200-millimeter,
300-millimeter, unit process innovation. We have some dynamite technologists focused on these markets.
And again, we'll share more of that at our September 8 masterclass.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein Research.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

APPLIED MATERIALS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2021

Stacy Aaron Rasgon
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

I had a question on memory, first on DRAM. So obviously, it grew pretty nicely sequentially in the quarter.
It sounds like you're still pretty positive, though, on the trajectory, and it's still below prior peak levels.
And given the strength of your positioning and everything you've talked about, is there any reason to
believe that like whenever we hit DRAM peak, like whenever that is, is there any reason to believe that,
that level, wherever it is, shouldn't be higher, potentially significantly higher than where we saw the prior
peak, which was several years ago?

And I think on the other piece of memory, NAND. You talked about foundry/logic and DRAM. You didn't
really mention NAND at all. I know last quarter, your views on NAND were a little more muted than the
rest of it. Have your views on the trajectory of that market into the back half downticked at all versus
where you were 3 months ago because one of your competitors downticked a little bit?

Daniel J. Durn
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Stacy. Let me take a track at those questions. And if I leave anything out, please follow up to
make sure I hit all of the points that you put on the table. So first, I think our view around WFE this year.
There's very little change. We said it's now over $80 billion. We think it's a mid-30% grower plus/minus.
And embedded within that, we see strength across all device types, your fastest-growing foundry/logic,
second half weighted; next fastest-growing DRAM, second half weighted, still see strong demand and pull
from customers there, so we feel good about that. Last quarter, we put a question mark on the profile of
NAND. Is it flat? Is it down a bit? We needed a bit more time to tell. I think we're still in that category.
I think there's a question mark. Is it flattish? Is it down a bit? So very little has changed in terms of the
shape of the profile throughout the year.

Taking a step back and taking a look at our DRAM progress. This is a business that we've had strong
momentum in now for several years. And as we take a look at the road map, we talk about increasing our
opportunity node over node, and that seems to be playing out in the market. Right now, you're adopting
logic-like structures within the DRAM market, and this plays to a traditional source of strength for us. And
so we're playing a key enabling role for our customers, and you see that playing out in the most recent
results, and we would expect that strength to continue through the back half of the year.

As we look into 2022, we do see the overall WFE market up year-over-year. We see continued strength
in all 3 device types: foundry/logic, DRAM, NAND. And so we like how well we're positioned against that
opportunity. And the way we see it, right now, we're planning for all 3 of our reporting segments to be
up year-over-year. So the concept of peak is a really interesting one in this context. If we take a step
back and look at the secular trends shaping this industry, we know industries are going through a digital
transformation, increasingly going to drive adoption of semiconductors. And I'd say the demand for
semiconductors 5 years from now is going to be greater than it is today and certainly greater than it was 5
years ago. So all of that is playing out nicely.

What I would also say in the DRAM market, that your node over node shrinks are producing less bit
growth than they have historically. So you're seeing capital intensity rise in that market. You're seeing
capital intensity rise in all device types, frankly. But when I look at the investments our customers are
making in this environment and I compare it on a historical basis as a percent of profitability to what
we've seen historically, you go back about a decade and the customers are spending more from a WFE
standpoint, but WFE as a percent of EBITDA is down 40% over the last decade.

So the monetization of these investments is greater today than it's ever been. So we really like the
long-term secular drivers around our industry. And while every year may not be a peak, the trend line
is definitely up. And we do think it leads to higher highs and higher lows as this industry continues to
drive its road map and deliver the power, performance road map. We think we're incredibly well set up to
perform really well as those trends play out.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

APPLIED MATERIALS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2021

Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer from Credit Suisse.

John William Pitzer
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Gary, sort of notwithstanding the comments you made in your prepared comments about how world
governments have finally figured out how strategically important semi production is and we're going
through a period of regionalization of semi production. If you look over the last 2 quarters, you've grown
revenue over $1 billion. And the biggest chunk of that, by far, has been China. And so I'm wondering if
you can help us just better understand the makeup of spend in China today. And to the extent that we're
all expecting this regionalization of supply, when and how do you think that takes place?

Daniel J. Durn
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, John. Let me take a crack at it. So what we would say is, we take a look at the business we
do in China. We've got 3 reporting segments. The numbers we report are both semi systems to domestic
China market participants as well as the international market participants that are building facilities there,
all of the services that go into supporting those facilities as well as the display equipment that we ship into
the market. So there's a lot of moving pieces that produce revenue in China in any given quarter.

As I take a step back and look at what's going on this year and we compare it to maybe the $10 billion of
domestic China spend in WFE last year, what I would say is that you're seeing meaningful spend across all
3 device types: foundry/logic, DRAM, NAND. I would say the weighting this year is towards ICAPS market
in China. And from a growth perspective, I would say it's probably growing a little bit above the overall
industry average. So we feel really good about how well we're set up against this opportunity with long-
standing relationships, key enabling technology, but we've got a broad and diverse business that serves
this market across 3 reporting segments. And so we feel good about how we're positioned and continue to
drive strong performance as the market evolves.

Gary E. Dickerson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes. John, on the other part of your question about when do those investments happen from a regional
perspective, there's no question I'm involved in a number of different discussions. There's tremendous pull
across many different regions: U.S., Europe, Asia. And what I would say is that, certainly, it's important
from a supply chain continuity to have more regional capacity. I think that's a big area of focus. But
personally, I think, even more important is having not just physical infrastructure or manufacturing
infrastructure but innovation infrastructure. And if you think about the infrastructure that's going to enable
this multitrillion-dollar digital inflection, it really gets back to, as I talked about earlier, edge innovation,
cloud innovation, everything in between for power, performance, cost ahead of others.

So we certainly see an opportunity and that is moving forward relative to physical infrastructure and
regionalizing capacity. Also, certainly for Applied, the United States and many governments, having those
foundational technology puzzle pieces for innovation to win this PPACt race of the future is incredibly
important. And certainly, Applied is in a position where we're going to continue to invest on top of what
we've already done in the United States with the Maydan Technology Center in Silicon Valley, the META
Center in New York. But this is the race of our lifetimes and this innovation infrastructure, I think, is
another key aspect of what needs to happen to win the future.

Daniel J. Durn
Senior VP & CFO

And then very quickly, John, just from a timing perspective on impact to the markets, we're not counting
on anything from government spend in 2022. Our view is, is you start to see it in '23 and '24. If it
happens faster than that, then it's upside to the perspective we have from a market standpoint. But '23,
'24 is what we're currently seeing as the right timing around that spend to regionalize capacity.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

APPLIED MATERIALS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2021

Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America Securities.

Vivek Arya
BofA Securities, Research Division

You mentioned that you expected or you expect WFE to grow next year. I'm curious how much additional
capacity are you planning to bring online next year. And as part of that, how does it impact your margin
structure? Because when I look at your gross and EBITDA margins, they are pretty close or in some cases
have even exceeded your fiscal '24 targets. So if you could give us some insight into how much additional
capacity you're planning to bring online and then where do margins go from here?

Daniel J. Durn
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Vivek. So if you notice, we've been investing at a nice rate as a company now for multiple
quarters. You saw us begin to take that up, invest in our infrastructure. We took a point of view on where
we saw this industry was going, and we made sure that we had capacity in place to serve our customers
and make them successful. So we'll continue to do that along the way. We won't be point specific about
how much capacity that we're bringing online, as you can imagine, for competitive reasons, but we'll
invest ahead of that materializing and continue to do what we've been doing now for several years as this
industry continues to go structurally larger and we put a capacity statement in place to support it.

From a margin standpoint what I would say is, the company is performing really well in this environment.
You see it in the current results. We told you it wasn't a 1 quarter phenomenon. We see follow-through
at these levels. And this is despite the near-term headwinds we see from a COVID environment. And so
as those headwinds begin to dissipate, I think you see an upward bias off of these levels on a like-for-like
basis from a margin standpoint.

And then I'd also say, the long-term model that we've put out at our Analyst Day talked about 48.5%. I
think we're making good progress against that. It's a good way to think about the company. But no matter
what our gross margin is, I would say we'll never be satisfied with it. We'll be constantly looking for ways
to increase the baseline level of productivity at the company and do even better than we're doing today.
So we feel good about how we're set up. We'll continue to make investments to support the business, and
we'll continue to drive results.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs.

Toshiya Hari
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Gary, I wanted to ask about your leadership products. You gave some growth rates in your prepared
remarks. I think for epi and thermal, you said above 70% growth this year, above 60% for CMP and above
50% for implant. All 3 outperforming what I believe is your full year implied guide for semi systems. I
guess my first question is, what are some of the key drivers there? And my second part is, how should
we think about sustainability into fiscal '22 based on what's in your backlog today and based on the
conversations you're having with your customers and ask the question because it obviously has important
implications for mix and gross margins.

Gary E. Dickerson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes. Toshiya, thanks for the question. So I've been in constant conversations with R&D leaders many
hours actually in each of the last 2 weeks and also CEOs for our leading customers. And what I would
say, when you think about the PPACt road map, power, performance and cost and time, getting there
ahead of others, that's what determines who wins and loses in the industry. And when you think about the
relative, the key drivers for that. We've talked about 5 drivers, new chip architectures, new materials, new
structures, new ways to shrink and new ways to connect chips together.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

APPLIED MATERIALS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2021

So if you look at what our customers are saying, even, I think, earlier today, but in many different forms,
people are talking about new materials in the periodic table of elements and packaging technologies and
new structures like gate-all-around or design technology co-optimization with technologies like buried
power rails or contact over active gate. And in some of those cases, with no smaller pitch, you can drive
significant area savings.

So when I look at the road map, and you see this today in our leadership businesses, and we also talked
about in our investor meeting a new innovation where we can enable 50% reduction in wiring with
integrated material solution where we're combining many technologies under vacuum, ALD, PVD, CVD,
copper reflow, surface prep technologies to drive a 50% reduction in wiring across many different levels.
That is enormous when you think about power and performance. And that one integrated system is worth
billions of dollars. That's what we've communicated.

So Toshiya, I think that the opportunity for Applied has never been better. When you think about really,
the relative contribution of power, performance and cost going forward, whether it's in the leading edge,
where you're processing all of that data in the cloud, the edge innovation that I talked about earlier today,
new memory technologies, it's really in the sweet spot for Applied for materials innovation, structure
innovation.

We have a very strong position in advanced packaging. We're driving innovations not only with our
breadth in our unit processes, but also in combinations with partners with new integrated material
solutions. We're going to share more of that in our masterclass on September 8. So I think the strength
that you're seeing, if I look out for the next few years and I look at the relative contribution to PPACt,
I just think we've never been in a better position. And our leadership areas and the strategies and
investments that we've been driving are paying off now, they'll pay off even a bigger way going forward.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Atif Malik from Citi.

Atif Malik
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

I have a question for Gary on the display industry. When should we expect an inflection on the display
side? And how long we will go through this LCD to OLED conversion phase? And when should the new
capacity come on for display?

Daniel J. Durn
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Atif. Let me jump in on that one. So we talked for several quarters now about strengthening
fundamentals in the overall display market, capacity coming out, strengthening panel prices, screen sizes
continue to increase. You see 5G OLED penetration in the handset and then future road map, foldable
displays in the handset. You talked about OLED penetration of larger format displays, IPTV. All of those
strengthening market fundamentals, I think, give us a good sense that in 2022, you're probably going to
enter a more attractive point of the investment cycle. I don't think it's going to be a dramatic step-up off
these levels, but you'll certainly start to see better levels of investment.

So I think we're on the cusp of that right now. Too early to tell exactly when it hits, in the beginning of
'22, in the back half of '22, but we're on the cusp of entering that more attractive point. I think there's
technical solutions that need to be solved in the OLED market to drive it into large-format displays and
start to replace LCD. So I think that's a little ways out, but we're certainly watching the customer's road
map, the success with the technology inflection and then putting capacity behind that inflection.

Once that happens, I think you've got an opportunity to take this market structurally larger. And it will be
a long-term technical shift in the industry's road map on those large-format displays. Those solutions will
be more capital-intensive than LCD technologies today. And from an Applied Material and display business
standpoint, it will be an attractive piece of business for us when it happens. But I still think we're a little
ways away of that inflection actually hitting the market and customers putting capital behind it.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

APPLIED MATERIALS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2021

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar from Cowen and Company.

Krish Sankar
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Dan, I had a question on inventory. Your sales have grown in the last few quarters on a sequential basis,
yet your inventory dollars have stayed roughly flat around the $4 billion, give or take. And with some of
your component and subsystem suppliers being constrained in Malaysia and other factors, are you pulling
from hub inventory? And are you worried at some point your suppliers' challenge could kind of manifest
into curtailing your own revenue potential down the road?

Daniel J. Durn
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Krish. So what I would say is, I think we all know that the supply chain as the global
economy begins to fire back online, there's pockets of nonlinearity and some disruption. And certainly,
our industry is no different on that front. I think what you see is a disciplined, efficient operation of
the company in a challenging environment. We feel good about how we're operating. My expectation
in the current quarter, given what we see going forward is, is you would begin to see that inventory
rise in anticipation of what we see on the horizon. But we'll take it one quarter at a time, make smart
decisions about how we engage with our supply chain to make sure we're set up to successfully satisfy
our customers' needs and make them successful. So as I look back on the last several quarters, really
comfortable and pleased with the way the company is operating in the environment and growing the
company in a very disciplined way.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur from JPMorgan.

Harlan Sur
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Congratulations on the solid results and execution. The team did very well in the $6 billion process control
segment last year. I think your prior view was that you were going to grow this segment by 50% this year.
Now the team is saying up 60%-plus this calendar year, clearly sustaining the strong momentum from last
year. Obviously, we know there's a strong focus on new process debug and production yield improvements
as time to market for these new processes is so critical. What areas is the team going to see the strongest
growth or potential share gains this year in process control? And how does the growth prospects look for
process control into next year?

Gary E. Dickerson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Harlan, thanks for the question. So when I think about our PDC business, there are really 2 aspects. One
is, certainly, we're seeing tremendous growth within PDC. And that's our certainly e-beam leadership.
We're extending our e-beam leadership. I'll talk about that. We have the new optical product, the Enlight.
We're expanding traction of that product. But the other aspect that's really important is the synergy with
those technologies and our unit and IMS innovations.

I talked about in the prepared remarks the AppliedPRO process recipe optimization, extending that from
25 different engagements to more than 50 next year. And so basically, what we're doing is taking our e-
beam leadership. We have the highest resolution, and we can generate massive data with unique imaging
and algorithms so we can look at fingerprinting across a chip for things like pattern loading or across the
wafer and really dialing those recipes in for our unit process and IMS innovations, whether it's wiring or
gate-all-around or capacitor structures in DRAM or any of those kinds of things, that's worth billions of
dollars to us, and it's worth a tremendous amount for every one of our customers. So that combination
and the synergy is also very powerful. And relative to the revenue growth within PDC, again, that's been
really great to see.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

APPLIED MATERIALS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2021

Our e-beam portfolio of products is extremely strong. We're also deploying new technology, and we'll
talk more about that at the upcoming masterclass to extend our leadership from a resolution perspective
certainly across all of our products, across EUV types of applications. So that's very strong. The optical
part is also growing where we have real strength with some leading foundry/logic customers across a
broader set of customers. So I'm very optimistic, your question about sustainability, very, very optimistic
about the sustainability of revenue growth within PDC. And I'm even more excited about the synergy for
R&D acceleration and big process windows and higher yield for the rest of the Applied portfolio.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri from UBS.

Timothy Michael Arcuri
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I just wanted to get both of your view on maybe some of the longer-term puts and takes on the systems
business. If we just look at the commentary here into the back half of this calendar year. It seems like
we're doing about $45 billion in WFE for the back half of the year, sort of run rating around $90 billion.
And if you just take the cumulative Street consensus for semiconductor revenue, it's in the $290 billion to
$295 billion range. So WFE intensity seems a bit above 15% here in the back half of the year. And I think
you've sort of said that you think 14% is the right longer-term number. So I guess my question is sort of,
how do you think about the puts and takes for where the systems business could go on the downside?
Because as you say, Dan, we do have subsidy-driven WFE coming on beginning in 2023. So I guess I'm
just wondering how you think about the puts and takes around all of that.

Daniel J. Durn
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Tim. So when you think about run rates and you think about market share and you think
about quarterly run rates, first of all, you're going to see things move from quarter to quarter. So it's
hard to extrapolate what happens in any given quarter with a broad trend. The second thing I'd say is,
depending on what you assume from a market share standpoint, you can get some pretty big swings in
the analysis.

So from my perspective, we got a market that we think is over $80 billion this year, mid-30% grower.
Our systems business in the first 2 quarters of actual results, 1 quarter of guide, those 3 quarters, our
Semi Systems segment is going to be up over 50% against that market opportunity. We're seeing strength
across all 3 device types and node over node momentum. We see our opportunity increasing. As we look
into 2022, we see WFE up. Our confidence interval on that has gone up in the last 3 months. And so we
feel good about that perspective. Then you see regionalization of capacity. And so hard to always call with
precision the profile in any given year.

As I take a step back and think about the importance of semiconductors to digital transformation of
virtually every segment of the economy, you think about rising capital intensity, I think there's an upward
bias on capital intensity over time as a result of traditional 2D Moore's Law, traditional 2D shrinks hitting a
wall, the new playbook that has multiple elements to it. We're certainly going to play a key enabling role
to each element of that new playbook. I see there being an upward bias of capital intensity over time. And
I don't think it tops out at 14%. And then you think about regionalization of capacity to create a secure
supply of semis, I think that provides an even further upward bias.

And we've been on this observation for a while. If you go back a decade and look at 2-year rolling
averages of WFE, every year won't be up, but each successive 2-year window has been up over the prior.
And as we look forward over the next decade, we see those secular trends shaping our industry showing
nice signs of strength. You will get a cyclical overlay on top of that trend line. It's going to lead to higher
highs, higher lows, but it's hard to call with precision the timing of when those peaks and valleys hit.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Joe Quatrochi from Wells Fargo.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

APPLIED MATERIALS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2021

Joseph Michael Quatrochi
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Congrats on the results as well. Just curious on the WFE outlook. You talked about increasing confidence
into 2022. Can you give us any sort of update on how we think about, I think last quarter you talked about
over $160 billion for 2021 plus 2022. I think we're a little bit higher now for 2021.

Daniel J. Durn
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Joe. Here's what we see. So we said over $160 billion for 2021 and 2022. We see 2021 being
over $80 billion and we see up year-over-year. So we won't be point specific to update that over $160
billion. But clearly, we've got a lot of confidence that you're pushing higher to those levels, higher than
that level if '21 is over $80 billion already and you're up into 2022. So we feel good about the setup. And
certainly, our opportunity given the momentum, we outperformed in '19, we're going to outperform again
in 2021, we think we're set up to continue that as we look into 2022. And we're planning for each of our
reporting segments as we look into 2022 to be up. So we feel good about how the company is executing
against that opportunity but probably won't update in a point-specific way the 2 years, but I think what I
just shaped for you gives you a sense of what we see.

Michael Sullivan
Vice President of Investor Relations

Okay. Thanks, Joe, and thanks for your question. Dan, would you like to help us close up today's call?

Daniel J. Durn
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Mike. Sure.

So as I look at the most recent quarter, one big takeaway I'd take away from the quarter is just how much
the foundry/logic market has broadened. What used to be a leading node only spend in the past is now
evenly balanced between leading edge and ICAPS markets today. I think that speaks to the momentum we
see of edge computing, IoT. When you put intelligence at the edge, it sets up a virtuous cycle where the
data generated at the edge is going to create more demand for advanced logic and memory in the cloud.
It's a nice virtuous cycle.

Another observation, despite the supply chain headwinds the industry is seeing, our teams are working
incredibly hard in driving gross margin initiatives, and they're delivering some of the best results the
company has ever had. I also like the strong free cash flow being generated, really sets us up well to
deliver even more cash to shareholders over time.

Hopefully, I'll see many of you at the Needham, Deutsche and Citi conferences in the coming weeks. And
so with that, Mike, let's go ahead and close the call.

Michael Sullivan
Vice President of Investor Relations

Okay. Great. Thanks, Dan. And we'd like to thank everybody for joining us today. A replay of the call
is going to be available on our website by 5 p.m. Pacific Time. Thank you for your continued interest in
Applied Materials.

Operator
Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

APPLIED MATERIALS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

