American Tower Corporation (REIT) 

NYSE:AMT
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, April 29, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.25

1.50

Revenue  (mm)

2154.65

2158.50

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-29-2021 1:17 PM GMT

20.00

0.18

1.26

5.00

5.40

2165.24

9073.00

9079.12

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.04

1.09

1.25

1.25

1.00

1.12

0.82

1.50

(3.85 %)

2.75 %

(34.40 %)

20.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Igor Khislavsky
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Rodney M. Smith
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Batya Levi
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

David William Barden
BofA Securities, Research Division

Jonathan Atkin
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Matthew Niknam
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Richard Hamilton Prentiss
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Simon William Flannery
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Timothy Patrick Long
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the American Tower First Quarter 2021
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Igor Khislavsky, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Please go ahead, sir.

Igor Khislavsky
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, and thank you for joining American Tower's first quarter 2021 earnings conference call.
We've posted a presentation, which we will refer to throughout our prepared remarks under the Investor
Relations tab of our website, www.americantower.com.

On this morning's call, Tom Bartlett, our President and CEO, will provide a strategic update on our U.S.
business; and then Rob Smith, our Executive Vice President, CFO and Treasurer, will discuss our Q1 2021
results and revised full year outlook. After these comments, we will open up the call for your questions.

Before we begin, I'll remind you that our comments will contain forward-looking statements and involve a
number of risks and uncertainties. Samples of these statements include: our expectations regarding future
growth, including our 2021 outlook, capital allocation and future operating performance; our expectations
regarding the impacts of COVID-19; our expectations regarding the impacts of the AGR decision in India;
our expectations regarding our pending Telxius acquisition; and any other statements regarding matters
that are not historical facts.

You should be aware that certain factors may affect us in the future and could cause actual results to differ
materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. Such factors include the risk factors
set forth in this morning's earnings press release, those set forth in our Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2020, and in other filings we make with the SEC. We urge you to consider these factors
and remind you that we undertake no obligation to update the information contained in this call to reflect
subsequent events or circumstances.

And with that, let me turn the call over to Tom.

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Igor. Good morning, everyone. As is typical in our first quarter call, the focus of my comments
today will be on our foundational U.S. business, which represented nearly 58% of our total property
revenue and more than 2/3 of our consolidated property segment operating profit in Q1 while accounting
for about 3/4 of our $60 billion in contractually committed revenue. The overall NOI yield of our U.S.
property segment now stands at 11.5%. The sites in the portfolio for at least 10 years, generating more
than 20%. These metrics reflect our long track record of driving strong, profitable, recurring cash flow
growth in the U.S., and we remain confident in our ability to extend that track record long into the future.

This confidence is inspired not only by the exceptional visibility we have into our long-term organic growth
rates through our existing comprehensive master lease agreement, but also due to a number of favorable
industry trends that we expect to drive our business forward. These trends, in large part, center on our
customers' 5G network deployments, which we expect to meaningfully accelerate over the next several
years, giving rise to a more developed 5G world.

On the demand side of the equation, mobile data usage growth shows no signs of slowing. The average
smartphone user in the U.S. is currently consuming more than 15 gigabits per month and is expected
to be using more than 50 gigabits on a monthly basis by 2026, reflecting a CAGR of nearly 30%. The
proliferation of value-added streaming services, mobile video conferencing and other content-rich

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

bandwidth-intensive applications continues to stress existing 4G wireless network, creating the need for
more material additional network capital investments.

An emerging AR and VR applications and other next-gen capabilities are contributing virtually nothing
to mobile data uses today given the limited coverage and low 5G device penetration. But we don't think
that will be the case for long. The 5G network revolution is underway, and it's quite possible, perhaps
even likely. The current growth projections for U.S. mobile data usage will prove to be conservative,
much like what we've seen in the past. The development of 5G-related low-latency applications and
services, additional growth from enterprise accounts and even fixed wireless applications in the home,
could all drive usage much higher over time. We expect that the increased availability of spectrum in the
marketplace, particularly on the mid-band side, will help enable this usage growth going forward.

Spectrum has always been the lifeblood of the wireless industry. And given the capacity necessary to
provide users a true 5G experience, it is more important today than ever before. Particularly significant,
in our view, our mid-band spectrum assets, like 2.5 gig in the newly acquired C-band frequencies, as they
provide our customers with a crucial middle ground between the attractive propagation characteristics
of low-band spectrum and the deep capacity characteristics of higher band. We believe the results of the
most recently completed C-band auction underscore the importance of this spectrum to our customers as
they look to monetize the benefits of 5G.

Importantly, as the carriers emphasized in their public comments after the auction, we expect this
spectrum to be deployed quickly. The wireless industry is in a strong financial position, and numerous
steps have been taken by the carrier to not only fund the upfront purchase price of the spectrum, but
also to effectively deploy it. In fact, we are already seeing sizable increases in activity in our own services
segment. And consistent with our long-term outlook expectations, we expect to see higher levels of gross
new business in our property segment beginning later this year, particularly in '22 and beyond.

Part of this uptick in activity is in rural area, as stimulus funds from the government support smaller
companies to effectively deploy wireless Internet services and as the major operators continue to fill in the
white spaces in their network. The deployment of fixed wireless for households around the country using
mid-band spectrum as our customers are planning could also provide further opportunities for us going
forward.

Taking all of these factors into account, we believe we have a highly attractive, long-term monetization
opportunity in front of us. The carriers further densify their network and add more equipment to existing
lease sites to support their incremental capacity needs. A significant portion of this growth is locked in to
our existing contractual relationships. Other components of the growth may be more variable. Either way,
we expect to see higher levels of activity in the marketplace, accompanied by increasing wireless CapEx
spend. On this point, analysts are projecting more than $35 billion in average annual capital spending
from our customers over the next several years, which would represent industry record.

Put that in perspective, that average annual rate is more than double what the carriers [ had ] back when
2G was actually deployed. While each of our customers have slightly different strategies to deploy 5G, we
are confident that they will be successful in doing so.

We also believe that our macro tower-oriented U.S. portfolio of over thousand sites is optimally positioned
to benefit from these accelerating deployment. Macro sites continue to be, by far, the most cost-effective
RF-efficient network engineering option and are also optimally located to help deliver coverage and
capacity for hundreds of millions of people nationwide. As a result, we continue to believe that the vast
majority of mid-band deployments in the U.S. for the foreseeable future will be on macro towers. As our
network infrastructure was ideally suited for our customers' needs for 2G, 3G and 4G, we have no reason
to believe that 5G will be any different.

While we do expect to be unique to 5G is the added use of massive MIMO technology for mid-band
spectrum deployments on our macro towers, which should provide operators with more dynamic coverage
and capacity capabilities. The race to nationwide 5G with the use of massive MIMO will require more fiber
connections to antennas, increased DC power and enough capacity to accommodate the size and weight of
these more intelligent RF solutions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

To prepare for these requirements, we have been proactively investing in more efficient and scalable
power solutions at many of our sites. We've also upgraded the capacity of many of our tower structures
over the last decade, installed energy-efficient LED lighting on many sites and invested in site hardening
initiatives where appropriate. Simply put, we stand ready to service our customers as they accelerate their
5G deployment.

Importantly, macro sites may even be more critical today given the incremental density network that will
require to support a 5G architect. And because only one of our existing tenant is on more than half of
our sites today, we have a tremendous opportunity to drive incremental lease and capacity utilization as
densification initiatives ramp up. As has been our experience, we would expect roughly $0.90 of every
dollar we generate from this organic leasing activity will flow straight to the bottom line. As a result, we
expect to continue to drive strong operating leverage in the business, along with modest capital intensity,
reflecting 2 of the hallmark of our last several decades to growth. Additionally, we expect to continue to
generate strong operating profit margins, including more than 78% in 2021.

All of these factors contribute to our confidence and our ability to drive average annual U.S. and Canada
organic tenant billings growth of at least 5% through 2027, normalized for the Sprint turn impact and
at least 6%, from 23% to 27% specifically, calculated on the same basis. Importantly, more than 2/3
of this growth is now contractually locked in given the signing of our MLA with DISH in the first quarter.
Embedded with these expectations is the assumption that our portfolio of wireless tower will be our
fastest-growing asset, as has been the case over the last 5 years when our organic tenant billings growth
was an average of roughly 40 basis points higher than our overall U.S. metric. This resilient trend, in our
view, is another point of validation. Macro Tower will continue to be the focal point of modern wireless
network, generating the best economics across the telecommunications real estate universe.

Going forward, we expect these economics to get even better. Margins will benefit from densification-
driven leasing activity and continued amendment, while costs will remain largely fixed and capital intensity
to continue to be low. Existing leases will escalate in historical rate of at least 3%, and normal force churn
should be quite modest, likely trending down over time, particularly once we work through the sprint
cancellations over the next few years. We intend to remain laser-focused on maximizing our sustainable
cash flow growth from these fundamental 5G drivers.

We also believe that the economics of our U.S. business and specifically of our Macro Tower site can
be further enhanced through the implementation of selective platform expansion initiatives. Chief
among them is edge compute, which is starting to come into clear view as true 5G becomes a reality for
consumers and perhaps even more importantly, for the enterprise segment. We expect the key drivers of
demand for edge compute solutions to be the emerging need for incremental cloud brand locations and
lower latency applications processing in a 5G environment. As more and more data processing evolves to
the network edge to support those needs, we anticipate new micro edge data center architecture will be
necessary to complement the existing regional framework.

Select locations within our nationwide Macro Tower asset base, which, by definition, RS and mobile
network edge, are positioned to play a meaningful role in this evolution. The underlying thesis supporting
this lead is the concept net that suggests it has been for the last 2 decades in the deployment of wireless
networks, shared neutral host infrastructure will be the most cost-effective and efficient way to rapidly
deploy cloud-native 5G applications at scale. And given that our attractively located tower sites have
existing access to fiber and end power while already hosting multiple communications providers, they are
natural candidates to represent hub locations for these low-latency wireless edge data centers.

Scale deployment of the true mobile edge remains several years away. But in our view, the TAM could be
quite significant, running well into the billions of dollars annually. In the meantime, we have some half-
dozen ongoing small-scale distributed commute trials at our tower sites, creating a beachhead to larger
scale through mobile edge deployment. Additionally, our co-lo ATL facility continues to outperform our
expectations, and we are having meaningful conversations with a number of key stakeholders across the
data center and cloud sectors regarding the optimal requirements for the 5G Edge.

As we've noted previously, we intend to explore global joint ventures or partnerships to effectively
leverage these inherent opportunities. And we continue to work through a number of different scenarios

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

in that front. The early data points we are seeing throughout the industry all suggest that this can be a
meaningful scalable opportunity that can represent solid upside for us in due time. And we are devoting
resources internally to ensure that we are in a position to be opportunistic and agile.

In the context of the long-term outlook we discussed last quarter, we believe that mobile edge compute
could eventually represent meaningful potential upside. Having said that, we are going to remain
disciplined from a capital deployment perspective, as you would expect. Recurring revenue for all long-
term growth prospects, healthy ROIC and an attractive margin profile are all prerequisite for us to deploy
meaningful capital anywhere, and that includes our efforts on the platform expansion side. Our preliminary
assessments indicate that the edge opportunity fits nicely into our framework, but we will need to prove
out this thesis going forward.

So taking into account the strong underlying baseline growth path we have in the U.S. for the next
decade, we are in a position to be thoughtful, deliberate and strategic with these types of initiatives.
Additionally, while we are laser-focused on driving incremental value in the U.S., we expect to have
attractive opportunities to deploy capital internationally, for high-quality scaled Macro Tower portfolios
are likely to come to market. And while my comments today are focused on our U.S. operation and
marketplace, the exact same approach can be duplicated globally. Whether it's growth, platform expansion
opportunities or margin expansion, the message globally are identical.

With our roughly 220,000 site pro forma for the Telxius acquisition, we have an unmatched presence in
some of the fastest-growing wireless broadband market, period. And we can offer to a number of different
parties and one-stop capability that is second to none. While we would expect to expand the depth of this
presence over time so as not to be complacent, we believe it already gives us a significant competitive
advantage.

As we've always done on a global basis, we will be seeking to maximize long-term growth and AFFO per
share while maintaining attractive returns on invested capital. We also continue to invest in our people,
our systems and processes and remain focused on numerous ESG initiatives while dedicating ourselves to
ensuring a diverse and inclusive culture throughout the company.

To summarize, I want to reiterate our excitement about the U.S. market. We are in the very early stages
of a transformative there in U.S. wireless technology, one that has the potential to fundamentally alter
how we live, work and play while opening them up tremendous new possibilities across numerous
industries. Our extensive portfolio of communications real estate across the country sits at the cross-
section of the elements that can make this transformation a reality. And as a result, we are positioned to
drive compelling long-term stockholder returns while continuing to provide industry-leading service level
to both existing and new customers.

Finally, I want to recognize our nearly 6,000 employees around the world who are working tirelessly for
all of us, achieving the types of results Rod is going to walk you through now, particularly to this horrific
pandemic, is really remarkable. And I want them to know just how much we all appreciate their dedication
and hard work.

With that, let me hand the call over to Rod to discuss our first quarter results and updated outlook. Rod?

Rodney M. Smith
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Thanks, Tom, and thanks, everyone, for joining today's call. I hope you and your families are doing well
and staying healthy. As you saw in today's press release, we're off to a strong start in 2021 as 5G ramps
up in the U.S. and as carriers in our international markets deploy significant capital towards their network
enhancement initiative.

Before getting into the details of our Q1 results and revised outlook, I want to touch on a few highlights
for the quarter. First, we announced the acquisition of Telxius, which we believe will be transformational
for our European business. We also signed a master lease agreement with DISH, which locks in attractive
multiyear growth in cash property revenue for us beginning in 2022. Second, demand for our towers

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

continues to be strong throughout our global footprint, and we saw this reflected in both our solid tenant
billings growth and in the high volume of new builds in the quarter.

Third, we continue to leverage the capital markets to support our investment-grade balance sheet, issuing
$1.4 billion in senior unsecured notes and refinancing existing debt at highly attractive rates. And finally,
we made good progress regarding the financing plan for our expanding European business, including
private capital. We expect to communicate specific details of our plan prior to closing the first tranche of
towers, which we anticipate will be later this quarter.

With that, please turn to Slide 6, and I'll review our property revenue and organic tenant billings growth
for the quarter. As you can see, our Q1 consolidated property revenue of $2.130 billion grew by 7.9%
or nearly 10% on an FX-neutral basis over the prior year period. This included U.S. property revenue
growth of 13% and international property revenue growth of 1.7% or 5.8%, excluding the impact of
currency fluctuations. These growth rates were right in line with our expectations and continue to reflect
the essential nature of mobile services and the importance of our tower portfolio throughout our served
markets.

Moving to the right side of the slide. Organic growth was once again a significant contributor to our overall
revenue growth. On a consolidated basis, organic tenant billings growth was 4.1%, including 3.6% in our
U.S. and Canada segment and 5% in our international markets. In the U.S., we had a solid quarter of
gross new business commencement as expected, and churn was right in the middle of our historical 1% to
2% range. Escalators were 2.6%, impacted by certain timing mechanics within our MLA with T-Mobile. For
the full year, we expect escalators to come in right around 3%, consistent with historical trends.

Meanwhile, international organic tenant billings growth was particularly strong in Latin America, coming
in at 7.9%, and was also quite solid in Africa, where we generated growth of 7.4%. In both regions,
we are continuing to see our tenants actively deploying equipment across their network as mobile data
consumption grows rapidly. Activity in Nigeria was a highlight once again, and we continue to expect
growth in that market to ramp up going forward.

We also had a strong quarter in Europe, particularly in Germany, where gross new leasing growth was
around 7%, driven by accelerating 5G deployments and continuing investments in 4G. In India, we saw
an organic tenant billings growth decline of 1.6%, in line with our expectations as we continue to work
through the latter stages of AGR and consolidated related churn in the market.

On the gross new business side, we saw another solid quarter, which was further complemented by
contributions from the more than 5,000 sites we have constructed in the market since the beginning of
2020. Notably, Global commenced monthly new business in the quarter, including contributions from new
build was more than $11 million, up about 17% versus the prior year period and representing a new ATC
record level.

Turning to Slide 7. Our first quarter adjusted EBITDA grew 13.3% or 14.9% on an FX-neutral basis to
$1.440 billion. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 66.7%, up nearly 3 full percentage points over the prior
year, driven by continued organic growth and prudent cost controls throughout the business as well as the
benefits of straight-line revenue related to the T-Mobile MLA signed late last year. Cash SG&A as a percent
of total property revenue was 6.6% for the quarter as significant scale across our footprint continued to
yield benefits, along with some bad debt reversals in India.

Moving to the right side of the slide. Consolidated AFFO and consolidated AFFO per share each grew by
about 24%. These growth rates included the benefit of the nonrecurrence of about $63 million in onetime
cash interest expense booked in Q1 of last year, associated with our purchase of MTN's minority stake
and our Ghana and Uganda business. Normalizing to that item, growth would have been around 16%,
the highest rate in several years. This was driven by high conversion of cash adjusted EBITDA as well as
lower-than-expected cash interest, nonrecurring cash tax refunds and seasonally low maintenance CapEx.

I will note that the cash tax and maintenance CapEx trends we saw this quarter are largely attributable to
timing, so these lines are expected to pick back up over the rest of the year. As a result, we expect that
Q1 will be the highest level of quarterly consolidated AFFO per share that we see in 2021. Finally, on an

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

FX-neutral basis, consolidated AFFO and consolidated AFFO per share growth for the quarter would have
been right around 26%.

Let's now turn to our revised full year outlook, where I'll start by reviewing a few of the key high-level
drivers. First, due to the negative impacts of translational FX fluctuations in some of our international
markets, we are reducing our property revenue outlook by $25 million at the midpoint. On an FX-neutral
basis, we would be increasing our property revenue expectations due to higher pass-through and straight-
line revenue internationally.

Second, despite these FX headwinds, we are raising our outlook for both adjusted EBITDA and
consolidated AFFO. The adjusted EBITDA outperformance is primarily attributable to higher expected
contributions from our services segment, driven by preconstruction site acquisition, zoning and permitting
work for our customers as well as slightly more favorable SG&A trends in the business. Regarding our
improved AFFO expectations. In addition to the services outperformance, we are anticipating lower cash
taxes and cash interest expense for the year.

Finally, for our historical practice, our revised outlook continues to exclude the impacts of our pending
Telxius transaction and its associated financing. We expect the transaction to close in multiple tranches,
beginning with the majority of the European sites later in the second quarter and with some of the
German rooftops in the Latin America sites in Q3. Once the assets begin to close, we will update further
iterations of our guidance to include these contributions. We look forward to quickly integrating the
portfolio and as previously noted, expect the deal to be immediately accretive to consolidated AFFO per
share.

With that, let's turn into the details of our revised full year expectations. As you can see on Slide 8, we
are now projecting consolidated year-over-year property revenue growth of 7.5% at the midpoint. The
decline, as compared to the prior guidance, is due to approximately $48 million in negative translational
FX impact, which is being partially offset by about $23 million in additional international pass-through and
straight-line revenue.

Moving to Slide 9. You'll see that we are reiterating our organic tenant billings growth projections across
all regions as the global leasing environment remains consistent with our prior expectations across our
footprint. We continue to expect consolidated organic tenant billings growth of 3% to 4% in 2021. In the
U.S., as Tom outlined earlier, we anticipate a prolonged period of strong growth, driven by 5G-related
densification initiatives by the carriers as they roll out multiple spectrum bands. We continue to expect
that gross new business activity will accelerate through the year and into 2022.

Looking to Latin America. Organic tenant billings growth is expected to be roughly 7% for the year.
Despite some challenges around COVID trends in the region, carrier activity remained consistent as
customers continue to increase their mobile data usage and carriers respond with incremental network
investments. In Africa, we expect to generate organic tenant billings growth in excess of 8%, driven
primarily by spending on 4G deployment. We are seeing especially strong growth in Nigeria, where
new business trends continue to inflect positively in where our contract structures with key tenants are
supporting growth. As we move into the back of the year, we anticipate that Africa organic tenant billings
growth will accelerate to above 9%.

In Europe, we continue to expect organic tenant billings growth of over 3% for the full year and are seeing
solid trends, particularly on the gross new business side. We're especially encouraged by what we are
seeing in Germany, where organic tenant billings growth, excluding churn, hit 7% in Q1 for the first time.
We expect positive new business trends to continue going forward as incumbent carriers accelerate their
5G initiatives and as a new tenant begins to roll out its network.

Finally, in India, we continue to expect roughly flat organic tenant billings for the year. While we believe
we're in the very late stages of the consolidation process, we maintain our expectation that we will see
elevated churn this year as the post-AGR environment sorts itself out. With that said, we remain optimistic
that the long-term growth trajectory in the market should be more favorable, particularly given that the
structural framework of the wireless sector today is probably the most constructive it has been in the last
decade.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Moving to Slide 10. We are raising our adjusted EBITDA outlook and now expect year-over-year growth
of 9.6% despite about $30 million in negative translational FX impact as compared to our prior outlook.
Around $33 million in incrementally expected services gross margin, $3 million or so in net straight-
line favorability and about $4 million in lower cash SG&A is enabling us to more than offset the FX
headwind. The services activity we are seeing is broad-based and spread across multiple tenants and, in
our view, another indication that U.S. network investment activity is in the early stages of a sustainable
acceleration.

Turning to Slide 11. We are also raising our expectations for full year consolidated AFFO and now expect
year-over-year growth of over 9%, with an implied outlook midpoint of $9.25 per share. Services segment
outperformance as well as about $13 million in net cash interest and cash tax favorability are driving this
upside in enabling us to absorb about $25 million in unfavorable FX impact. On a per share basis, we
expect growth of 9% for the year and continue to drive towards our goal of delivering double-digit growth.

Moving on to Slide 12. Let's review our capital deployment expectation for 2021, which are broadly
consistent with our prior outlook and reflect our continuing focus on driving strong, sustainable growth
in consolidated AFFO per share. Distributing capital to our common shareholders remains our top capital
allocation priority, and we continue to expect to allocate approximately $2.3 billion towards our dividend in
2021, implying a year-over-year growth rate of around 15%, subject to our Board's approval.

Regarding CapEx, we are raising our projections by $25 million at the midpoint due to some additional
expected U.S. land investments and a modest increase in start-up CapEx internationally. On the
acquisition front, we spent around $115 million in the first quarter and continue to expect to deploy over
$9 billion for the Telxius transaction later this year.

As I mentioned earlier, we have made substantial progress on the financing plan for our European
business and our acquisition of the Telxius asset. This includes on the private capital front, where we
continue to remain confident that we could bring in one or more high-quality strategic counterparties to
purchase minority stakes in our European business, not only to help us finance the Telxius transaction, but
also to collaborate on future European expansion opportunity.

On the debt side of the equation, we continue to expect to take our net leverage up to the high 5x range.
Having completed a U.S. dollar-denominated senior unsecured notes offering in Q1, we anticipate that
other near-term debt issuances are likely to be euro-denominated. This is consistent with our expected
material expansion of euro-based revenues in our business and will enable us to take advantage of highly
attractive financing rates.

Finally, any remaining funding needs that isn't covered by debt issuances or private capital will be in the
form of equity through a common equity issuance and/or a mandatory convertible preferred issuance.
Our goal continues to be to fund this transaction in a way that is not only optimal from a capital structure
perspective, but also enables us to optimize shareholder return.

Turning to Slide 13. I'd like to spend a few minutes on our new build program, which has accelerated over
the last few years to meet increasing demand for new sites by a number of our key international tenants.
As you can see, since 2016 and including our expectations for this year, we will have added over 23,000
sites to our portfolio through new construction. In 2020, we built over 5,800 towers, a new American
Tower record, and we're off to a great start in 2021, adding nearly 2,000 sites in our international markets
for the quarter, a level of activity only exceeded by that of Q4 of 2020.

Moving to the middle of the slide. You can see that we are seeing highly attractive returns on capital
deployed towards new sites. In Q1, average day 1 new build NOI yields were around 12%. In our
APAC region where we added over 1,300 sites, we saw highly attractive yields of around 15%. And in
Africa,where we added more than 500 sites, we average day 1 returns of over 10%. We're anticipating
another record year of new builds in 2021, with 6,500 sites at the midpoint of our outlook. The majority
of these deployments will be focused across these same APAC and Africa region, where we expect to drive
the most attractive new build returns and where the vast majority of new build activity is for investment-
grade anchor tenants.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Looking beyond 2021. We expect this trend of increasing demand for incremental wireless infrastructure
to continue as carriers in markets with fast-growing populations and surging demand for mobile data
work to enhance their network. We believe that our existing global scale, track record of providing best-
in-class service levels and strong relationship with MNOs, place American Tower in a favorable position
to act as a preferred partner for these large-scale deployments. As such, we'll look to take advantage of
the opportunity to continue growing our international portfolio by deploying capital for high-return new
build projects. And as Tom noted on last quarter's call, based on the demand we are seeing for new sites
internationally, we are targeting the construction of 40,000 to 50,000 new sites over the next 5 years.

Finally, on Slide 14 and in summary, Q1 was another quarter of solid organic growth, margin expansion,
dividend growth and strong new build activity. We were able to secure a transformational deal in Europe
with the pending Telxius transaction, signed a value-added of long-term MLA in the U.S., continued to
enhance our balance sheet through opportunistic refinancings and remained focused on cost controls and
driving sustainable recurring growth. We are excited about the global demand for tower space and look
forward to making additional progress on many fronts through the rest of the year as we seek to deliver
compelling total returns to our shareholders.
With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to the operator for Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Simon Flannery from Morgan Stanley.

Simon William Flannery
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Tom, thanks for the overview on the U.S. portfolio, very helpful. It does seem like you're also becoming
more constructive on Europe. We have the Telxius transaction. And to Rod's comments about looking for
partners, it seems like that extends beyond this deal. So perhaps you just give us a little bit more color on
what you see in Europe now? It seems like Germany, in particular, is very strong, but are you open to that
becoming an even bigger part of your future beyond the Telxius deal? And what are you -- exactly are you
looking for in these partnerships as opposed to raising straight equity or debt given the attractive capital
markets there?

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

No, thanks, Simon. Thanks for the question. We've been looking at the European market for a better
part of a dozen years. And we did create a couple of head properties, if you will, in France and Germany,
pretty small in kind of the 4,000 to 5,000 sites a number of years ago and have continued to look in
those particular markets to see if there are opportunities. One of the challenges that we always saw in
those markets were who the counterparty was. What the capital would be required to upgrade the sites
themselves and really what were the long-term growth projections and opportunities in the marketplace.
And so as such, we were never successful in terms of kind of landing any particular transactions up until
the transaction that we're just about ready to close with Telxius. And a lot of that is a function of the
relationship, I think, that we've built with Telefónica over so many years and have -- they have such
credibility, and I think we have a lot of credibility with them.

And so we were able to put our hands on this particular portfolio. And I think in particular, for those
very reasons that I mentioned before that got in the way of us being able to close things, is that there
-- the portfolio itself is very solid. It's a terrific set of assets, terrifically located, as I said, good, good
counterparty. And now what we're starting to see in the marketplace, as Rod talked about, was really the
evolution of 5G. We're starting to see more spectrum being deployed to support 5G. And we're really,
I think, just on the front end of what that 5G deployment is going to look like. We see it accelerating,
particularly in markets like Germany. And that we see the opportunity for a new entrant who is going to be
coming into the marketplace.

And so we think it really rounds out our overall portfolio. I think we have a significant competitive
advantage in that we have a presence in so many different -- very, very important markets around the
globe. And this just increases the overall presence we have and what was kind of a hole, if you will, in our
portfolio, given the size of the assets that we had before. And so now we're going to have 30,000 sites in
the marketplace, terrific counterparty. And as I said right in the beginning part of what we think is going
to be a long-term, a growth trajectory in the region.

And so we'll use that as a way to be able to continue to grow, if it makes sense, and if we find good
assets, good opportunities in the region. I think we're positioning ourselves with some very interesting
private capital, and so that will increase the overall platform for our ability to grow in the market. I mean
they're very passive. We're operating it. I mean they're minority partners, as you would expect, but
they're very interested also in growing their portfolios in our base of assets. And hopefully, they'll be able
to participate in future potential investments with us.

So I think that this is all coming together quite nicely for us in we've received the approvals to be able to
move forward with the transaction, in all due respect. And so we're excited about what the region has in
front of us. And as I said, equally as important, we're guided now about what that brings to our overall

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

global footprint and how important that could be to CSPs, hyperscalers. Who knows who might be looking
for kind of a one-stop shop, if you will, in looking at our over 200,000 sites in these key markets, and we
look to continue to grow that. Rod talked about the 40,000 to 50,000 new builds that we're looking at.
And so we very much have our sights on increasing our footprint globally, and I think this is a great step.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Rick Prentiss from Raymond James.

Richard Hamilton Prentiss
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

I want to follow on Simon's question a little bit there. Tom, if the private capital makes sense in Europe,
does it make sense in other areas outside of Europe to come on board with you guys?

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

It very well went may, Rick. We've had JV partners in the form of MNOs in the past, as you well know, with
MTN, where we're a great partner. And it very well may -- I mean we'll look at it on a case-by-case basis
and look at the opportunities. We think we have a good playbook, if you will, that we've created as a result
of the work that we've done on this particular transaction. And there's definitely a lot of interest. And so
we'll look at that as a perhaps a means to create a broader platform for our ability to grow. So it's very
possible. And as you know, we'll look at everything on an individual basis, case-by-case basis.

Richard Hamilton Prentiss
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Makes sense. You also point to obviously some excitement about a new entrant in Germany. I assume
that's the Drillisch folks. What can you tell us about their aspirations or what type of networks they're
thinking of building?

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

I think that's probably a better question for them in terms of what they're actually looking for. They
recently though have executed a roaming agreement with Telefónica, so they have a very strong
relationship, I think, with [indiscernible] in the market, which will then be able to hopefully take advantage
of. And so I think that will unfold over the year, as Dave said publicly in terms of putting that all together.
They are looking to roll out 5G, urban markets first. And so this is where our rooftop -- our penetration
rooftop assets in that market, as we've talked about, is just been so incredibly valuable. And that's a
particular asset base that we just didn't have before. We were quite rural in terms of the portfolio we had
before, so this really takes it up a few notches in terms of our ability to be successful in the marketplace.
And my sense is they will take advantage of the rooftop assets probably out of the gate.

Richard Hamilton Prentiss
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Okay. And thinking of MLAs, we're getting a lot of questions with Verizon having signed MLAs with Brown
and ESPEC, you guys have the Verizon portfolio towers from a transaction a few years ago. Talk to us a
little bit about what the path -- the give and the take is kind of on an MLA with Verizon with you guys.

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

Well, yes, I mean, as you know, Rick, we already have a long-term macro lease agreement in place with
Verizon, and so it wasn't one where it needed to be extended or from that perspective. We have a terrific
relationship with Verizon. We have -- we're in conversations with them. I'm in conversations with them
on quite a regular basis, not just on this, but on a lot broader issues in the marketplace. And so we have
a holistic rate that we have right now with them that expires at the end of the year. And that's just one

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

element of this broader long-term master lease agreement with them. And whether that continues or not,
who knows, but we're, I think, providing excellent service for Verizon. They're being very aggressive on
rolled out of 5G and C-band, and we'll be there every step of the way for them.

Richard Hamilton Prentiss
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Okay. Last one for me. It looks like you've removed the word aspirational from just having your target on
AFFO per share be double digit. Does that mean -- obviously, it's a goal but I think aspiration was kind of
scared some people last time around.

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

Well, it is a goal. I mean I don't know if it's aspiration or whatever it was what you want, but my
compensation is driven on AFFO per share growth and return on invested capital, and our shareholders
require that, too. So we very much have an objective of that double digit. Now it's not going to happen
maybe in every year. It's long-term, but we've been able to be very successful in terms of driving that
kind of performance over the last 10 years. And we're very focused on continually driving to that kind of
performance going forward.

2022, we do have the churn impact associated with the Sprint asset. So could that be a challenge, yes,
perhaps, but our goal is still the same. And so I think we have a number of levers. We're going to be
bringing on the Telxius assets, which I think we'll be very happy with those results and what that kind of
accretion should be, take advantage of the markets. And we'll have our normal solid growth that we see
going on in the business, and so we just increased our overall EBITDA performance for 2021. And so we'll
remain laser-focused on our -- on all of our costs, including all of our capital being spent. Again, our goal
is to drive that kind of performance.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Jon Atkin from RBC.

Jonathan Atkin
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

So I wanted to ask about Telxius and you talked about strategic counterparties. At a height level, can you
talk a little bit about the types of things that are factoring into your with respect to governance valuation
or just kind of other factors that will kind of play a role and how this shakes out? And then it's been a
couple of conference calls since you mentioned fiber, and I just wondered if there's kind of an update
there? Or is that less of a focus these days in some of your Latin American properties?

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

Maybe I'll ask Rod to address the first question, and I'll take the second one, Jon.

Rodney M. Smith
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Sure, Tom. That sounds great. Thanks, Jonathan, for the question. I hope you're doing well. So from a
high level in terms of our Telxius financing, our plan has not changed, and we continue to make very good
progress on the path that we originally announced when we announced that we were entering into the
transaction itself. So there's a few broad principles that we're looking for. One is we expect to finance
this deal in a way that's consistent with our investment-grade credit. That still is the focus. Our aim is to
minimize the dilution of our current common stockholders, so continue to be focused on that as well. And
we expect to finance this transaction in a way that supports us being immediately accretive, which is what
we said early on, and that's continuing to be our focus and our expectation here as we move forward.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

So a couple of things. In terms of the internal workings of the financing plan, I don't want to get into
details around the governance and valuation and those sorts of things. The one thing I would say
valuation-wise is very consistent with kind of the valuation of what we're doing with Telxius. In terms of
the minority stakes that we are selling, we're selling minority stakes potentially in our European business,
not just to Telxius, so we would be putting our legacy businesses, combining that with the Telxius assets.

So one key point is we do expect our debt to come up to the high 5x. We've said that before. We're still
very comfortable in that range. And we do believe that, that's consistent with our investment-grade
credit rating and have had many discussions with the credit agencies, and we do not expect any risk of
downgrades or outlook changes or anything from that perspective. Additional near-term senior notes that
we may issue in order to fund the Telxius transaction are likely to be denominated in euro currency, and
that will allow us to take advantage of the very attractive rates that we see in the euro market, certainly.

And then on the private capital front, as Tom alluded to and I mentioned in my comments, we continue
to progress along that path, and we're very confident that we can bring in one or more very strategic
investors. So we certainly are talking to the world's premier investors and certainly folks that understand
this space that understand the European market and other markets, quite frankly, as well as have
relationships with some of our biggest customers around the globe. So there may be more than just
financial benefits here to our shareholders, but also strategically kind of broader partnership benefits as
well. So certainly, that's a key focus. And then the final piece of the financing plan will come in the form of
equity. So whatever is not funded through the increased net leverage that I talked about and through the
euro debt offerings and private capital, we expect to go into the marketing issue and issue some equity.

In terms of timing, we do expect the transaction to begin to close in the second quarter here, probably as
early as late May for some of the European markets. The Latin American markets were originally expecting
that they would close probably in sometime -- in Q3. There is a chance that Brazil and some of the other
markets could close as early as the end of May or at some point in Q2, but we'll continue to kind of work
through the timing there. There will be some assets, but particularly some select rooftops that will close in
Europe in Q3, not in Q2. So we will have multiple closings across Q2 and across Q3.

So that's kind of the way that it shakes out. And again, we remain very confident of this financial plan and
our patience and kind of putting it together and managing through the details is really going to pay off
for our shareholders. And we're in very good shape to begin to execute on this in the month of May as we
prepare to close the first tranches of the Telxius transaction.

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

And then, Jon, with regard to your second question on where we are with fiber is one of our platform
extension industries. First of all, kind of where we are? I mean we have a 6-country fiber footprint:
Mexico, Brazil, Argentina, Colombia, S.A. and India, and we cover over 30,000 route kilometers. We
actually passed 1.25 million homes in those markets. And the networks themselves are a mix of active
long-haul metro to B2B in Mexico and Brazil and a concentration of fiber-to-the passive optical networks in
S.A., Colombia, Brazil and Argentina. We've spent over $1 billion of CapEx over the past 4 years in those
markets, $700 million for acquisitions and $300 million for development and readout development CapEx.

So we've been monitoring it very, very closely from a revenue perspective. I think we generated about
$100 million in 2020. And our ROIC for those particular investments selectively is in kind of the 5%, 5.5%
kind of range. Interestingly, the S.A. asset, return on invested capital is probably double that. So what
we're thinking about from -- strategically, again, is we're looking at this from an initiative perspective, a
platform initiative perspective, some of the underlying elements of it, foundations of it, again, go back
to how we're looking at the overall power, the multiservice, multi-tenant, the long-term anchor contract,
escalators, exclusive real estate rights, a way for us to really be able to create a competitive advantage
and really complement the kind of the power returns that we've been experiencing for the last 10 years or
so.

So our strategy really has somewhat kind of 2-pronged, I would say. The first is to pivot and transform
our current fiber businesses in Mexico and Brazil to wholesale long-term contracts. We'll be looking to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

do this through long-term contracts with Tier 1 carriers. Also going to involve some strategic inorganic
transactions like we were just talking about before. And the focus is clearly creating a competitive long-
term strategic asset in those markets.

And then the second strategy really entails kind of reaching certain economics in these deployments,
particularly in S.A. and Brazil and our focus on future investments in some of our emerging neutral host
open access network. So we'll continue to be opportunistic where it obviously makes sense, be monitoring
it very closely, but we do see that -- we'll see a kind of a shift to open passive optical multi-tenant access
network over time. We think that's a great way to be able to improve the return on invested capital.

And our regional focus is currently right now on Latin America and where most of the assets are and
leveraging our existing MNO relationships. So we think we can create that model in LatAm and then be
able to scale it globally. So I mean that's kind of where we are. It's still a work in progress, but I think
we're -- we've learned a lot, and I think we're making great progress on the strategy.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Matt Niknam from Deutsche Bank.

Matthew Niknam
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Just 2, if I could. One on the services side. If you can give us any updates in terms of how we should
think about the cadence of revenues and services margin the next couple of quarters? Just -- and then
also kind of get a better sense of the breadth of the strength. I think in the prior remarks, you mentioned
pretty diverse in terms of contribution, so if you can give us any color there? And then secondly, on the
SG&A front in India. It looks like you're moving past some of the elevated bad debt that hit you a year
ago. So just trying to get a better sense of how we should think about that in terms of whether there's any
incremental bad debt you anticipate in that region or whether you move past that.

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

Great, Matt. And I'll let Rod get into that.

Rodney M. Smith
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Yes. Thanks, Tom. Thanks, Matt. I hope you're doing well. Thanks for the question. So with regards to
our services business, as you saw in the comments earlier and I think Tom alluded to, we are seeing a
significant uplift in our services revenue for the year. So you saw us raise our full year outlook to about
$175 million, up from about $120 million. The margins are broadly consistent year-over-year, so we're
expecting that mid- to just a touch above mid-50% margin. That's similar to what we saw in 2020. That's
what we're expecting in 2021.

In terms of the timing of the services revenue, we are seeing an acceleration of, let's say, applications and
kind of activity in the market, and we expect that to continue throughout the next couple of quarters. So
more than 60% of the revenue of the $175 million is back-end weighted, so we would expect in Q3 and 4,
both of those periods would be north of $50 million per quarter in terms of revenue. So that's kind of the
way to think about services.

Services, what we're seeing really is kind of a broad-based increase in services that goes across most --
all of our large customers, certainly, and it's focused on ADP, engineering, mouth analysis, things like that.
Those sorts of activities are generally kind of front-end loaded. That services work happens well before
you see leasing activity and any kind of enough lift in leasing revenue. So it's a really good sign here in
terms of the activity level, the services that we see kind of ramping up towards the end of this year and as
we transition into 2022.

Certainly, when you think about India and bad debt, there's still a few places where we're watching
customers around the globe, a couple in Africa and a couple in India. Certainly, we're doing really well.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

There's no significant incremental bad debt in our outlook. In our accounts receivable, the way it sits at
the end of Q1 is broadly in line with the way that it's set at the end of Q1 last year, so we haven't had a
significant increase in accounts receivables. So we continue to collect and be pleased with the way that
our customers are paying in India and in the select places in Africa that we're watching. We did end up
unwinding a bad debt reserve in India by just under $10 million or so, so that's certainly a good sign.

But with that said, we continue to kind of watch India. There's a few things that we're looking for relative
to some of our customers there in terms of capital raise projects that they're in. And certainly, the amount
of liabilities through the AGR and some of the activity between our customers and the government to
try to negotiate those fees, kind of we watch back quite closely. But that's really the story on accounts
receivable and bad debt. So we've had a good quarter. We did well throughout 2020. And we don't have
any significant incremental bad debt in our outlook for 2021.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of David Barden from Bank of America.

David William Barden
BofA Securities, Research Division

I guess, Rod or Tom, the -- obviously, the thing that's going to propel the gross revenue trajectory
domestically is the C-band auction and the pursuit of exploiting that opportunity among the carriers. Can
you -- for the benefit of us generally across this global portfolio that you have, can you kind of maybe tick
off the next 1, 2 or 3 markets where you're expecting this kind of opportunity to emerge with spectrum
auctions forthcoming? And then the second question is John Stankey at AT&T kind of study was "giddish"
about the supply chain marketplace, even in the United States. Could you talk about how you're thinking
about the supply chain, chip availability, specifically affecting your company's or customers' ability to
deploy and how you kind of factored that into your thinking about the guide?

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

Yes. No, sure, David. Maybe I'll start off and Rod can chime in with some additional commentary. I mean
what we're seeing around the globe is I think both Rod and I mentioned even in our remarks, was just an
onslaught of new spectrum coming into the marketplace. And we're even -- we're seeing in India, we're
seeing clearly in Europe, we're seeing in Latin America and the wide select slot of spectrum. For 5G to be
effective, you need a wider slot for spectrum. You can't beat a 10 meg, you're looking at 20 to 40 to 60
meg of spectrum. And so that's the first sign, I think, David, that we see because, as I mentioned and as
what you all know, spectrum is the lifeblood of being able to roll out any of these new technologies. And
for 5G to be able to truly realize the full 5G experience in terms of speed and latency, you need significant
amounts of it.

And so I look at -- and in my comment before on Europe, what we've seen in certain of those critical
markets -- countries in Europe, really stepping up to launching a lot of new spectrum. And I think that's
one of the reasons that we're really now starting to see some come outsized growth in those particular
markets. Something that we hadn't seen for several years, and that was really -- that really drove us to
looking at some of the growth curves in that market, for us to even lean into some of the assets that are
there. And so that's just kind of the first sign of it, I think.

You look at markets like Africa, though, I mean Africa, I think Rod had mentioned they're kind of in the
8%, looking at growing to the 9%, even kind of ending out the year. You look at markets like Nigeria
and things like that, where we're talking kind of double-digit growth rate. I mean that's just because the
wireline presence there just doesn't exist. And wireless broadband is everything that our customers are
investing in. So you have slightly different reasons for some of the growth. Many of the markets are just
getting into 4G, so we're still on the front of that 4G curve.

And Latin America, you look at Brazil growth, you look at the Mexico growth, I mean, they're in the kind of
the 7%, 8% kind of growth range. So we're really excited about what we're seeing outside of the United
States. And what's really driving it clearly is more spectrum, more wireless penetration. Unfortunately,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

the pandemic has actually driven even more of a need for connectivity. And so we're seeing even more
wireless usage in those markets in particular, again, because the wireline markets are just so foreign and
nonexistent.

And so we would expect to see Europe kicking in with 5G. Africa continued growth as 4G becomes more
of a reality there. Latin America, similarly, 4G into 5G ultimately. And even in India, the growth there is
strong. We've got the churn issues that we have to deal with in that particular market, and we're getting
our arms around and making sure that we really nail those there. But it's not a growth issue, they've got
new spectrum, they've got 4G. You see the likes of Facebook. You see all of the big foreign investments
that's coming into the marketplace. And so it's really an exciting market from a broadband wireless
perspective.

So I mean that kind of gives it on a global scale. And from a supply chain perspective, we don't see any
impact on our side from a supply chain perspective at this point. I mean our customers are the ones that
are kind of frontline with issues that they may have from some of the OEMs and things like that. But at
least from our perspective, we're not seeing any impact from that perspective.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Tim Long from Barclays.

Timothy Patrick Long
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I was hoping you could talk a little bit more. You talked about edge compute a little bit in your prepared
remarks. Could you just kind of update us on how you're thinking about kind of the business model for
AMT? And obviously, this is a longer-term trend, any more views on data center investments and how you
think you might monetize that? And then I have a follow-up.

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

Okay. No, I mean let me take a step back a little bit in terms of kind of what we're seeing from an
evolution perspective, if you will. First of all, this whole market is, in fact, developing. With regards to
specific to the edge, we are at kind of the beginning. And we're seeing certain elements aligned, if you
will, but we're really starting to -- and trying to participate in those, but we really are at the beginning size
of it.

If you start to think about kind of, first of all, the C-RAN impact, what the cloud impact is, we just saw
some recent announcements in the market relative to the cloud players aligning with some of the MNOs
and we've seen Verizon doing that over the last year or so. What we're starting to see is, if you think
about kind of the 4G low mid-band power market and what it looks like at the site level. As we move
into the 5G and the low band, mid-band, what we're starting to see at the site, for example, is a lot of
MIMO is going to be starting to be deployed, a lot of tenant arrays, a lot of new fiber that's going up to the
poles themselves, 5 to 10x more fiber strands needed, higher power, more heat. And so there's a lot of
elements that are going on actually at the site itself, which is going to drive more and more equipment,
improvements to the public radio interface on the front haul, which connects actually the tower to the
baseband unit itself.

And so now what we're starting to see is we're seeing Cloud-RAN and O-RAN. From an O-RAN perspective,
it's just different types of equipment that our customers are able to put together to be able to load onto
the site. And at the kind of at the base level, at the baseband unit, which is where the data center element
comes in, we're starting to see disaggregation at the baseband unit level, into the DU and to the CU level.
And that's giving our customers the ability and us to be able to look at where, in fact, we might be able to
expand and be able to enjoy some of this additional compute capability that's going to exist at the -- out
at the edge as the 5G experience becomes more prevalent throughout the country.

So we continue and expect to see this incremental convergence of this wireline and wireless and network.
We think it stresses the importance of that first mile network architecture. And so as a result, we are

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

actually very, very excited about the opportunity. It's a shared neutral host solution. We think it's going to
be very efficient added at the site level.

And we actually are exploring it and going down the path of really 2 elements, right, 2 ways, if you will.
We've talked about the distributed compute. The enterprise workloads continue to move on to the public
cloud, and so there's a growing near-term market segment that's in use of that kind of off-prem cloud
computing. It's really a hybrid solution. And so we were located on some tent, if you will, of our sites, and
you'll see them. There are shelters there, there's power, there's capability to be able to offer this kind of a
capability to these kind of midsized enterprise account.

And they're actually being quite successful. They're loading up very quickly. And believe me, they're not
meaningful from an AMC perspective, but they are absolutely meaningful from an experience perspective
and learning exactly what our customers are going to be looking for. The bigger opportunity for us is still
at the mobile edge compute side. And so that will become, we believe, more of a reality as that 5G world
becomes more developed. And so we have a number of MOUs with a number of different players focused
on solutions to the MNOs as well as focused on solutions to the cloud service provider.

And so we're exploring those, putting those in front of those particular accounts and looking at what the
ultimate opportunity would be. I mean the site is a perfect location for being able to and being able to
expand our customers' edge compute capability, not just within the United States, but on a global basis.
If we can bring in 500 kilowatts of power into particular site with a number of shelters that exist in the
site, to be able to load up racks and servers, we think -- and give that cloud ramp which will actually exist
in that DU, so that's why that disaggregation is so important between those 2 particular elements of the
RAN. We think that we can enjoy some significant opportunity upside here from this whole initiative.

And so it is an extension of our existing platform. Again, neutral host, but it really provide ultimately
that cloud ramp, which we think is going to be needed to be able to enjoy that kind of latency that our
enterprise accounts and customers are going to be looking for.

Timothy Patrick Long
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. I just wanted to follow up, when you think about Africa and particularly India, obviously, some
aggressive tower build plans over the next few years, but can you just talk a little bit about kind of this
year and potential COVID-related risks to those builds and any other risks to the business because of the
pandemic?

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean I think that the build itself, our plan, our outlook, I think, is in the 6,000 to 7,000 sites.
There could be some timing issues associated with the build. The need is there. I'm certain that the sites
are going to be built. But particularly in a market like India who are suffering so significantly right now,
there can be a timing issue in terms of having essential people out in the marketplace to be able to build.
Clearly, lives stayed is more important than tower still. So there could be some timing there -- issues.

But ultimately, over that 5-year period, we are seeing the demand for the 40,000 to 50,000 sites that Rod
laid out. And our forecast right now is for that 6,000 to 7,000 sites, there could be some timing issues
associated with particularly the sites in India. I'm not seeing the same implications in Africa at this point in
time. And by the way, our overall 6,000 to 7,000 sites, that outlook already includes some carving back of
what we are expecting overall in the marketplace.

And relative to COVID, overall, as we've seen over the last year, our business is quite resilient. People
need connectivity. I think that's been more obvious than ever over this past year, particularly in many
of our global markets. And so our customers are doing everything possible that they can to be able to
maintain that kind of connectivity. We're doing everything we possibly can to be able to support them, to
be able to ensure that kind of connectivity. And so we're working our tails off with our customers to make
sure that we can do that.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Batya Levi from UBS.

Batya Levi
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

A couple of questions. First, on U.S., as you think about your long-term guidance, can you tell us what it
assumes in terms of the mix of amendments versus new co-location? And the new site build, that program
that you have, what percent of that would be in the U.S.? And as the carriers deploy CDMA, do you have
any indication that they're leaning more towards new leases as well? And then maybe just a follow-up on
the escalator, Rod. If you can tell us a little bit more why it stepped down and then when it will go back to
3%? And also if the DISH MLA, if you can confirm that to 3% as later as well.

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

I thought you said there were just a couple of questions?

Batya Levi
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

No. I thought we should take this call longer.

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

No. That's great, that's great. No, thanks for being here, and thanks for the question. I'll let Rod take that
run with it.

Rodney M. Smith
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Yes. Thanks for the question, Batya. So I'll try to remember all of the different aspects here, but if I
missed any, just to remind you, maybe I'll start at the end and work backwards a little bit.

So the escalator in the U.S., you saw our escalator for Q1 was about 2.6%. That really was driven by the
impact of the -- of timing mechanics within the T-Mobile MLA. As we signed a new MLA with T-Mobile, the
escalator shifted from one period to another, and that affected the volume of escalator in Q1. But for the
full year, we do expect the escalated to be right in that 3% range, 3% or just above potentially. And Q2,
we do expect the escalator for the U.S. to be 3.1%. So there's no structural change, there's no permanent
shift, it really is just a timing issue.

And I'll also point out, it's a little ahead of time, but in 2022, you may see some lumpiness as well with the
escalator given the time shift here. But again, 2022 for the full year, we anticipate the escalator to be right
in that 3% range, 3% or just above as usual. So no, nothing to be concerned there. We haven't had any
philosophy shift and no kind of contractual change in terms of what the escalator is. It remains at 3% and
as it always has in the U.S.

So then I think in your next question was relative to the long-term guidance. So maybe I'll just take a
minute to remind the folks on the call of what that is. So we're looking at, over the next 7 years, we put
our guidance at least 4% organic tenant billings growth on average over that time period. That includes
the Sprint churn, which will begin to roll off of our billing later this year in Q4 in the beginning of October.
If you normalize for that, we're looking at that long-term organic growth rate in the U.S. of about 5%.

The other thing that I would point out here is if you look at just the first couple of years, '21 and '22 on
a Sprint impacted basis where we'll see that churn again beginning in Q4 of 2021, the expected organic
tenant billings, including that, will be around 2%. But normalizing that, it will be around 5%. Once we get
clear from that, when you get out to '23 and beyond, so '23 out to '27, even with the impact of the print
churn, we're predicting organic tenant billings growth, north of 5%, and on a normalized basis for that
same time period, north of about 6%.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

So we are very excited and confident about the future in the U.S. We are seeing some acceleration of
gross new biz. We're seeing that today. We expect that to continue, and that really is fueling these very
solid organic tenant billings predicted over a long period of time. Again, that's 7 years.

And just a couple of key components here. I'll remind you, 23% or 2/3 of this, 2/3 of this revenue that
we need to hit these things are already contracted in our long-term agreements in some of these holistic
deals. So that's key. That includes DISH kind of being in here in the assumptions with some modest
activity, which potentially could be outperformed, depending on the pace and the level of their network
build over that time period. And some of the C-band spectrum deployments for some carriers in some of
the years maybe in addition here and outside of kind of the traditional holistic that we're looking for that
potentially as an upside.

And then in terms of the co-location amendment mix, we're currently still at heavy amendment, 80% and
20% co-location. That's the way it's been for a little while. It may vary from carrier to carry, but that's
what it's been consistently. And we expect that, that will be the case for a couple of years. But going out
longer term, it will vary. We do expect that there could be a higher percentage of co-locations than we've
traditionally seen as the carriers deploy this higher band spectrum and they have a need to densify their
network builds over time. So we're certainly planning for some of that as well, but it's probably too early
to predict that too much specificity in terms of what that will be in terms of the mix in the out years. And
was there another piece in your question, Batya, that I didn't address?

Batya Levi
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Just the DISH MLA, does it have a 3% escalator?

Rodney M. Smith
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Yes. The DISH MLA is -- the DISH MLA has the 3% in there, so the escalator is consistent with everything
else that we do and consistent with our philosophy here in the U.S. And then in terms of timing of the
revenues, I'll just maybe highlight for folks that we do expect revenue to begin in 2022. And it will be
modest in that year and then it will ramp up going forward, and we'll see -- we'll be working with this to
help them roll out their network over an extended period of time.

Igor Khislavsky
Vice President of Investor Relations

Okay. Great. Well, thank you, everybody, for joining this morning. That will wrap it up. I hope everyone is
doing well, and we'll talk to you soon.

Thomas A. Bartlett
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, everyone.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and
for using AT&T teleconference. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

