AvalonBay Communities, Inc. NYSE:AVB
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, July 29, 2021 6:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS (GAAP) 

1.01

3.21

Revenue  (mm)

549.44

560.94

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-29-2021 4:20 AM GMT

217.82

2.09

0.81

3.10

3.55

557.03

2210.77

2311.44

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS (GAAP)  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.97

0.87

0.81

1.01

1.05

2.44

1.02

3.21

SURPRISE

8.25 %

180.46 %

25.93 %

217.82 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Benjamin W. Schall
President & Director

Jason Reilley
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Kevin P. O'Shea
Chief Financial Officer

Matthew H. Birenbaum
Chief Investment Officer

Michael Jason Bilerman
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Sean J. Breslin
Chief Operating Officer

Nicholas Gregory Joseph
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Nicholas Philip Yulico
Scotiabank Global Banking and
Markets, Research Division

Richard Hill
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Richard Allen Hightower
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Richard Charles Anderson
SMBC Nikko Securities America,
Inc., Research Division

Timothy J. Naughton
Chairman & CEO

ANALYSTS

Alexander Kalmus
Zelman & Associates LLC

Alexander David Goldfarb
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Austin Todd Wurschmidt
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Bradley Barrett Heffern
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Jeffrey Alan Spector
BofA Securities, Research Division

John Joseph Pawlowski
Green Street Advisors, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, everyone, and welcome to AvalonBay Communities Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference
Call. [Operator Instructions]

Your host for today's conference is Mr. Jason Reilley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Reilley, you
may begin.

Jason Reilley
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, April, and welcome to AvalonBay Communities Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.
Before we begin, please note that forward-looking statements may be made during this discussion. There
are a variety of risks and uncertainties associated with forward-looking statements, and actual results
may differ materially. There is a discussion of these risks and uncertainties in yesterday afternoon's press
release as well as in the company's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filed with the SEC.

As usual, this press release does include an attachment with definitions and reconciliations of non-
GAAP financial measures and other terms, which may be used in today's discussion. The attachment is
also available on our website at www.avalonbay.com/earnings, and we encourage you to refer to this
information during the review of our operating results and financial performance.

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Tim Naughton, Chairman and CEO of AvalonBay Communities, for
his remarks. Tim?

Timothy J. Naughton
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Thanks, Jason, and welcome to our Q2 call. With me today are Ben Schall, Kevin O'Shea, Matt
Birenbaum and Sean Breslin.

For our prepared comments today, I'll start by providing some high-level comments on apartment
marketing conditions and how the current operating and capital environment is shaping our actions,
including our recent decision to enter new markets in North Carolina and Texas. Ben will provide a
summary of second quarter results, including a detailed road map of results on a year-over-year and
a sequential quarter basis. Sean will then elaborate on operating trends in the portfolio, where we've
seen a robust recovery in fundamentals and performance since the first of the year. Matt will review
performance in our development portfolio, including lease-up performance, and an overview of our first
Kanso community located in Rockville, Maryland, where we completed construction this past quarter.
Kevin will then provide an overview of our outlook for Q3 and the full year. And lastly, Ben will provide
some summary comments on how AVB is well positioned to deliver earnings and NAV growth as we look
forward.

Before turning to the deck, I thought I'd provide some perspective on what we're seeing in the markets
and how it's shaping our actions in terms of operations and capital allocation. Since the first of the year,
the recovery in the apartment market conditions has been dramatic. Effective move-in rents have fully
recovered from the trough, up almost 20% over the last 2 quarters alone. And asking rents grew even
faster, up over 20% since the beginning of the year and now stand at 8% above pre-pandemic peak.
Concessions, which were significantly elevated last year, have fallen back to a modest level closer to what
we experienced pre-pandemic.

As you might guess, the speed and steepness of the recovery has been driven by very strong rental
demand. In fact, Q2 traffic was up over 40% from last year. It continues to outpace last year despite
very low levels of availability. The combination of strong traffic and low inventory propelled rental rates
through Q2, and that has continued through July. While all regions and submarkets are improving and
most are back to or near pre-pandemic levels, there's still a fair bit of variability across the portfolio.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Specifically, suburban continues to outperform urban, Class A is outperforming Class B, and regionally,
Southern California and our expansion markets of Southeast Florida and Denver outperforming the
portfolio average, while the Bay Area continues to lag the average.

In addition to strong apartment markets, the capital markets are also extremely healthy and constructive
for apartment investment. The transaction, debt and equity markets are all wide open and are supporting
strong growth in asset values as we've seen cap rates fall below 4% across most markets and submarkets
over the last few quarters. Based on the strong market sentiment, we expect capital flows to remain
healthy over the foreseeable future.

With this operating and capital backdrop, we have shifted to offense and have increased our planned
investment activity for the year by almost $1 billion between new development starts and acquisitions.
In addition, in our release, we announced our intent to enter the Raleigh and Charlotte markets in North
Carolina as well as Austin and

[Audio Gap]

markets in Texas. As we discussed over the last 2 to 3 years, we've been evaluating expansion into
markets that we believe will disproportionately benefit from the growth in the knowledge economy and
domestic migration, particularly in those markets that figure to see some migration from our existing
legacy markets. We'll have more to share with you about our growth plans in these markets over the next
couple of quarters.

And lastly, as we mentioned last quarter, after completing a comprehensive midyear re-forecast, we
are now providing full year outlook in addition to quarterly guidance. While risk remains in our outlook,
including the impact of the virus and the Delta variant, the exact timing of eventual phaseout of
eviction moratoria across our markets and the receipt of any rent relief payments from state and local
governments, we believe we have enough clarity to provide a meaningful perspective with respect to our
operating performance for the rest of the year.

With that, now let me turn it over to Ben, who will discuss Q2 results.

Benjamin W. Schall
President & Director

Thank you, Tim. Slide 4 highlights our Q2 results and activity. And while we meaningfully exceeded our
guidance for Q2 with core FFO of $1.98 versus guidance at the midpoint of $1.90 per share, our year-
over-year core FFO figures were down 11.2% for the quarter and 14.8% year-to-date, reflecting the
disruption that we've seen in our business over the last 12 months.

Notably, and reflecting the strong recovery that Tim emphasized, rental revenue increased on a sequential
basis, turning positive for the first time since March of 2020 with a 90 basis point increase on a GAAP basis
and 170 basis points on a cash basis from Q1 to Q2. As Sean will delve into in more detail, rental rates
improved during each month of the quarter with continued growth in July.

Our development platform also continues to create meaningful shareholder value. We completed $385
million of development in the quarter and close to $1 billion through the first half of 2021. These
developments are primarily suburban and are benefiting from the renter demand and increasing rents
we're experiencing across our suburban communities. For our completions in the second quarter, the initial
projected stabilized yield is 6.4%, providing roughly 250 basis points of spread to the sub-4% stabilized
cap rates we're seeing in the asset sale market today. These completed projects, along with others that
are in lease-up, also provide a meaningful incremental boost to earnings growth, as Matt will discuss in
more detail.

We also started $580 million of new developments in Q2 and are on track to meet our target of $1.2 billion
of new starts in 2021, which we increased last quarter from our initial target of $750 million of new starts.
During the quarter, we raised $540 million of capital through dispositions at an average cost of capital of
3.7%. By match funding our development activity, primarily with these disposition proceeds, we in turn

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

are able to reduce the capital cost risk associated with the earnings and NAV accretion as we execute on
our development pipeline over the coming years.

Slide 5 breaks down the components of our rental revenue change on a year-over-year basis with lower
lease rates over the last 12 months and the amortization of concessions being the largest drivers of the
decline. As it relates to concessions, at the end of Q2, we had a total of $29 million of previously granted
concessions still to be amortized in our same-store pool over the coming quarters. However, concession
usage has declined by roughly 85% since Q4 2020 from $1,900 per move-in to just above $300 in July.

Slide 6 provides the factors leading to our increase in rental revenue from Q1 to Q2, with a turn to the
positive being driven by higher occupancy and an improvement in uncollectible lease revenue. At a
portfolio level, uncollectible lease revenue remains elevated with bad debt at roughly 3% versus a more
normalized 50 to 60 basis points with the expectation that we'll continue to see elevated bad debt levels
until eviction moratoria are behind us.

Before turning it over to Sean for further context on our operating performance, Slide 7 illustrates our
strong momentum in the form of like-term effective rent change, which turned positive in June and now
stands at 5% in July.

With that, I'll turn it to Sean.

Sean J. Breslin
Chief Operating Officer

All right. Thanks, Ben. I thought I'd share a few slides on portfolio rent trends, both overall and across
different markets and submarkets. Overall, we've seen a meaningful acceleration in the positive rent
trends we spoke about during our Q1 call. On Slide 8, you can see that our average move-in rent value
has grown by roughly 18% since the beginning of the year, including a 13% increase since just April, and
is now consistent with the peak rent levels we achieved in mid-2019.

Moving to Slide 9, improved performance has been broad-based with every region experiencing a material
increase in average move-in rent over the past 7 months. If you look at our July move-in specifically,
rents are now equal to or greater than the 2019 peak in every region except Northern California, which
remains roughly 11% below peak. The time line for a full recovery in Northern California will, in part, be
based on when major tech employers call people back to work. The hybrid work policies adopted by major
employers will have -- will certainly have some impact on where tech workers want to live. Silicon Valley
will very likely remain one of the world's leading innovation centers for years to come.

Turning to Slide 10 to address suburban and urban performance trends. The average July move-in rent for
our suburban portfolio was roughly 3% above the peak we achieved in 2019. In our urban portfolio, while
demand has returned in a meaningful way, the average rent in these submarkets fell the most throughout
2020 and is still down about 7.5% from peak 2019 rents. As it relates to the urban portfolio, we expect
performance to continue to improve as people are called back to the office, urban universities resume
on-campus learning and the quality of the environment starts to look and feel more like pre-pandemic
conditions.

Turning to Slide 11. Our average asking rent, which is representative of the published rent for available
inventory, has increased 24% since the beginning of the year and is currently about 8% above the
mid-2019 peak. Our suburban submarkets, which represent about 2/3 of portfolio revenue, are leading the
recovery. The average asking rent in our urban submarkets is basically back to the 2019 peak and, as I
mentioned previously, is expected to continue to grow as those environments more fully reopen over the
next few months.

And moving to Slide 12, this chart depicts the trajectory and spread between our average asking and
move-in rents. As I mentioned a few slides ago, the average portfolio movement rent has increased
roughly 18% this year but trails the increase in average asking rent, which is up 24%. The average dollar
spread between the 2, which averaged 12% for the month of July, is wider than the 4% to 5% we have
seen historically and is representative of the capacity available to grow move-in rents over the next couple
of quarters. Additionally, if we see a seasonal adjustment in asking rents the last few months of the year,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

something we have not yet experienced this year, there's plenty of room for asking rents to soften a bit
and still grow move-in rents.

With that summary, I'll turn it to Matt to address development and portfolio trading activity. Matt?

Matthew H. Birenbaum
Chief Investment Officer

All right. Great. Thanks, Sean. Turning to our current lease-up communities, you can see on Slide 13 the
same positive trends that we're seeing in the stabilized portfolio. We're achieving rents $155 above initial
underwriting on the 7 communities that are currently in lease-up, which is lifting the stabilized yield on
those investments to 6.1%, generating substantial value creation relative to current cap rates, which are
at or below 4% across our footprint. This is really a remarkable turnaround in our development portfolio,
which just a few quarters ago had rents and yields modestly below initial underwriting and continues to
demonstrate our long track record of delivering outsized risk-adjusted returns from our development and
construction capabilities.

One development that we wanted to highlight this quarter is shown on Slide 14, which is the first
completion of our latest brand, Kanso, located at the Twinbrook Metro station in Rockville, Maryland.
Kanso was born out of customer insight research, which was telling us that there's a large underserved
segment of residents that are looking for a new high-quality apartment in a transit-served or infill location
but without all the extra bells and whistles provided in typical Class A new construction. By focusing our
investment on the apartment home itself and removing common area amenities that these customers
do not value, like pools, fitness centers and lounges, we are able to save on both upfront capital and
ongoing operating and CapEx costs, which in turn allow us to provide a meaningful discount on the rent as
compared to a fully programmed Avalon offering at the same location.

Kanso leverages technology to provide a primarily self-service experience for residents and prospects with
very limited on-site staffing supported by our centralized call center and a design with low maintenance
needs to deliver on the brand promise to live simply without sacrifice. We're excited the market has
embraced the concept with Kanso Twinbrook leasing up successfully at a strong pace at rents above pro
forma and look forward to growing this new brand via additional development opportunity in the future.

Turning to Slide 15, we continue to see tremendous demand in the asset sales market and completed
6 wholly owned dispositions in the second quarter at a weighted average cap rate of 3.7%. The assets
sold were predominantly in the Northeast region with more than 60% of the proceeds coming out of the
Greater New York area and were older than average for our portfolio with an average age of 25 years,
allowing us to continue to further our portfolio allocation goals to reduce exposure to some of our legacy
markets while also minimizing our CapEx profile. And by redeploying this capital into new development
starts of $580 million this quarter at projected yield of 5.7%, we're match funding new growth at highly
accretive margins.

And with that, I'll turn it over to Kevin to go over our earnings guidance for the year.

Kevin P. O'Shea
Chief Financial Officer

Great. Thanks, Matt. On Slide 16, we provide our financial and operating outlook for the third quarter
and for full year 2021. For the third quarter, using the midpoint of our guidance ranges, we expect core
FFO per share of $1.96. On a sequential basis, our third quarter estimate reflects a sequential decline
in core FFO of $0.02 per share from the second quarter. This sequential decrease in core FFO per share
is driven primarily by an increase of $0.05 per share in same-store residential revenue and a $0.03 per
share increase in lease-up NOI, offset by a seasonally driven increase in same-store residential operating
expenses of $0.06 per share and a $0.03 per share decrease in community NOI as a result of recent
disposition activity. On a year-over-year basis, for our same-store portfolio using the midpoint of our
ranges, we expect NOI to decrease by 3% for the third quarter driven by an 80 basis point reduction in
same-store residential rental revenue and a 3.5% increase in same-store residential operating expenses.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

For the fourth quarter, our full year earnings guidance implies core FFO per share of $2.13, which would
represent a $0.17 or 8.7% sequential increase from the third quarter estimate. This expected sequential
increase in earnings in the fourth quarter is primarily driven by a continued increase in same-store
residential rental revenue by a seasonally expected decline in same-store residential operating expenses
and by further NOI growth in our lease-up portfolio.

For our full year 2021 guidance, we expect core FFO per share of $8.02 at the midpoint of our range.
And for our same-store residential portfolio, again using the mid-point ranges and looking at growth on a
year-over-year basis, we expect NOI to decrease by 6.2% for full year 2021 driven by a 3.2% decrease in
revenues and a 3.3% increase in operating expenses.

Turning to our updated investment and capital plan, the combination of a strong recovery in revenue and
earnings growth and attractive access to the capital markets has prompted us to pivot to offense and
pursue increased development and acquisition activity as reflected in our current investment and capital
plan on Slide 17. For development, we now anticipate starting $1.2 billion in new projects this year, up
from our original plan of $750 million, and we expect NOI for new development communities undergoing
lease-up to be about $50 million this year at the midpoint, an increase of $5 million from our original
outlook.

For capital activity, we now anticipate a busier year, with total capital uses for development,
redevelopment, acquisitions and debt repayments of $1.8 billion in 2021. This represents an increase of
nearly $1 billion from our original outlook and is driven by increased acquisition activity for the year and
an expected early repayment later this year of $450 million in unsecured debt that is scheduled to mature
in September 2022.

In terms of capital sourcing, our current plan contemplates meeting our capital needs through a
combination of unsecured debt issuance and additional asset sales, although the sources we ultimately tap
are subject to change based on changes in capital market conditions or our actual capital uses.

Turning now to Slide 18 and our continuing efforts in the area of corporate responsibility or ESG, we are
pleased to report that we recently released our 10th Annual Corporate Responsibility or ESG Report,
reflecting our long-standing commitment to this part of our business. As highlighted in the report, we see
measurable progress on our science-based emission reduction targets, primarily due to our investments in
on-site solar generation and efforts to improve building efficiency. We're also proud of our commitments to
the communities in which we do business.

[Audio Gap]

funding to our nonprofit partners to serve those in need during the pandemic. We continued our important
national partnership with the American Red Cross focused on disaster preparedness and response, and we
initiated a new partnership with the National Urban League designed to engage with them on our diversity
and inclusion efforts and provide support to their mission. All these efforts continue to be recognized
externally with the CDP rating us in the A band and the Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark, or
GRESB, rating us #1 in the multifamily sector both globally and in the United States. In addition, NAREIT
awarded us their highest honor of sustainability performance. Further, our associates remain highly
engaged as reflected in our engagement scores that are in the top quartile on this important metric. And
finally, our customers weighed in, and we are pleased to be #1 in online customer reputation.

And with that, I'll turn it back to Ben for his concluding remarks.

Benjamin W. Schall
President & Director

Thanks, Kevin. Turning to our key takeaways on Slide 19, we're very encouraged by the continued
improvement in our operating fundamentals and believe our portfolio is well positioned for additional
growth as reflected in the growth assumptions incorporated into our second half guidance. Near-
term trends in our suburban portfolio continue to look very strong, and we are hopeful that our urban
communities, which have been lagging the rest of the portfolio, should benefit over the coming months
with a fuller return to offices and universities. As Tim mentioned at the start, we also expect that our Class

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

A communities will continue to outperform as higher income residents and prospects benefit from the
economic recovery and seek out high-quality living environments. As discussed, our development acumen
and pipeline continue to be a differentiator for us, our projects in lease-up, primarily in the suburbs, are
benefiting from strong renter demand, and we've been able to quickly scale up our development activity at
attractive yields relative to stabilized cap rates.

As we look forward, we expect the breadth of our development expertise will allow us to shift capital to
growing markets and evolve our product offering to meet the needs of our targeted customer segments.
We also see our operating platform and our investments in innovation as a differentiator. In addition to
the expense reductions and the margin opportunities we discussed last quarter, our technology-forward
approach positions us to be able to create de novo offerings, such as Kanso, bringing together the best of
our operating, innovation, brand and development expertise as we evolve our offerings and create a better
way to live.

As we head forward, we're excited about our new growth in Raleigh-Durham, Charlotte, Dallas and Austin,
in addition to our continued growth in Southeast Florida and Denver, bringing us to a total of 6 expansion
markets. We're actively negotiating on opportunities in these new expansion markets and expect to
grow through acquisitions, our own development and through the funding of other developers, where we
own the asset upon stabilization, similar to the growth strategies we've successfully utilized to grow our
presence in Southeast Florida and Denver. This multipronged approach also allows us to invest capital over
different time horizons with acquisitions of existing communities being naturally the most immediate and
our own development being medium term in duration. We look forward to sharing our long-term goals and
portfolio allocation objectives for these markets with investors over the [coming months].

Finally, thank you to the entire AvalonBay organization for their commitment and leadership on ESG,
where our recently issued 10th Annual Responsibility Report highlighted our continued ESG leadership
position across the wider REIT sector.
And with that, we'll open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll hear from Nick Joseph of Citi.

Nicholas Gregory Joseph
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

I appreciate the comments on the new markets. How large do you expect each market to be once you get
to scale, so either from a unit perspective or as a percentage of total NOI?

Benjamin W. Schall
President & Director

Nick, this is Ben. I'll take that one. We're not putting out a specific target at this point. As I mentioned, it's
part of what we'll discuss with investors over the coming quarters and also how that ties into our overall
portfolio allocation approach. But we do see this announcement as a meaningful one. We are actively
engaged with specific opportunities currently on both the acquisition side and on the development side.
We've been -- just for some context, we've been growing in Southeast Florida and Denver, where we've
set a target of 5% for each market as a goal for our overall allocation. And our rough user, the Texas and
North Carolina, have the potential for a similar type of allocation. Overall, we're excited for opening up
these new growth opportunities in these new 4 markets and leveraging our skills across investments,
development and operations over the coming years.

Michael Jason Bilerman
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Ben, it's Michael Bilerman speaking. It sounds like you've been pretty active in these markets, sourcing is
-- can you just sort of provide maybe just how much is under contract or in advanced stage? I don't know
if it's like $1 billion already that you've sort of almost circled in terms of opportunities, whether they be
acquisitions or development, just to give us a sense of how quickly you've been able to work your way into
these markets.

Matthew H. Birenbaum
Chief Investment Officer

Michael, it's Matt. I can speak to that one a little bit. I mean things are fluid until they close. So I don't
want to get too specific, but, yes, we do have -- we're -- we do have active deals working in 3 of those 4
markets that Ben mentioned. Those 3 deals together probably add up to maybe half of what you're saying,
maybe it's $500 million, not $1 billion yet at this point. But we're continuing to look for more as well. And
certainly, we expect some of that activity to close here in the third quarter.

Michael Jason Bilerman
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

And then just finally, I know a couple of you have talked about the growth opportunities in those markets
in terms of people coming from your existing legacy markets as well as just job growth in those markets.
And so how should we think about sort of the initial funding of these? Is this going to be a dilutive exercise
or you sell assets or raise equity or other forms of financing that you'll benefit from the growth going
forward? Or do you think you can do this on a sort of non-dilutive basis, maybe even accretive, as you go
forward?

Kevin P. O'Shea
Chief Financial Officer

Michael, this is Kevin. I think in terms of our pacing into these new markets, I think, number one, it's
likely to be measured, as Matt alluded to, and similar to what you've seen in terms of the rollout in some

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

of our other markets, maybe a little bit more, a little bit less. Obviously, we'd like to be -- to make some
progress on that front. But then relatedly, the capital impact in terms of how we.

[Audio Gap]

it's probably also likely to be measured. And so we've got -- unlike some others because we are so active
in development, we have that as a tool in our toolkit, either to venture with partners or to eventually
start doing development on our own. And to the extent we engage in those new markets in that way, that
obviously paces out the capital deployment and also maps it against investments that are generally pretty
darn accretive to our cost of capital. So our intention would not be to do so in any dilutive way.

From the standpoint of acquisitions, as you know from what we've done so far, we've been leaning pretty
heavily into our gains capacity by selling assets in noncore markets or noncore submarkets in our legacy
footprint and then putting them into Southeast Florida and Denver, and I think we'll likely continue to do
that. And that's something that we think actually is marginally accretive because we're kind of moving.
And as you can see from the assets that we're selling now in sub-4 cap rates into asset -- into markets
with maybe similar cap rates but hopefully, a better growth profile. So I think what you've seen us do in
the past is probably a good indication of what we might do in the future. And probably from a funding
point of view, we're willing to do so on accretive basis.

Operator

And next, we'll hear from Rich Hill of Morgan Stanley.

Richard Hill
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I wanted to maybe just build off of what Michael just asked. Is there any -- do you see any opportunity for
you to maybe do a bigger acquisition of our private apartment REIT in these -- or private apartment owner
in these markets or maybe even a public apartment REIT? I'm obviously not trying to put anyone in play.
But it seems like there's -- would might be some interesting synergies, both on a G&A basis and a portfolio
basis if you're really looking to make a move into these markets. Curious if you've thought about that. And
if so, what might make sense and what might not make sense about it?

Timothy J. Naughton
Chairman & CEO

Rich, this is Tim. Yes, M&A is always a possibility. It's not our main strategy in terms of entering these
markets. I mean, I guess, sort to step back, we're not necessarily looking to -- as Kevin mentioned,
we're looking to sort of pace our way into these markets. We're making these decisions because we see
these markets as having great fundamentals over a long period of time. They have certain structural
advantages. They're going to make them appealing markets over the next, yes, 20, 30, 40 years, much
like our legacy markets have been over the last 20, 30 years. So the need, either through M&A or to do a
highly disproportionate level of transaction activity in these markets, is not what is driving us [motivate]
and to also recognize we're learning as we get into these markets. And so there is obviously a big risk to
either do an M&A or a high level of volume in the first year or 2 as you start to gain market intelligence in
the markets, which you do have business. So very much a strategy, as Kevin mentioned, that we deployed
-- employed at -- in Southeast Florida and Denver and how we look to deploy capital here as well.

Richard Hill
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Very fair. I appreciate that response. I wanted to maybe come back to this concept of base effect versus
earnings power for the apartment REITs. Obvious -- from our perspective, the recovery is happening
sooner and faster than we were anticipating, and I think we were pretty constructive over the past 9
months or so. But I do -- I am curious, as you speak to your tenants and you think about supply versus
demand, it just strikes me that occupancy is at a really healthy level. There's a tremendous amount of
demand coming back. And you mentioned that all of your markets, I think, except Northern California,
were sort of back to 2019 levels. How much do you think you can push rents in this market and -- or this

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

sort of market? And are we facing a relatively elastic demand profile just given a tremendous amount of
demand that's coming from Gen Zs and Gen Ys relative to a limited supply of housing? How do you think
about that?

Sean J. Breslin
Chief Operating Officer

Yes. Rich, this is Sean. I'll take a first shot at that and then anybody else could jump in. In terms of the
kind of demand profile and how it plays out, how long it could run, that's a function of a lot of different
variables that would take us quite a while to get through. But still on the demand side, things have been
quite robust, as you noted. The trajectory of the recovery, whether you look at asking rents, you look at
move-in values, you look at occupancy, all of them quite healthy even by historical standards in terms of
coming out of a downturn, in terms of the speed of the recovery and the order of magnitude, both have
probably been a little bit surprising for everyone.

When we look at where we're clearing the market today on rents, we kind of put that slide in the deck. It
shows where asking rents are relative to move-in values. In the near term, I guess, what I would say is
that demand has been quite healthy. We have not seen signs of weakening at this point whatsoever and
have seen very healthy week-by-week growth in both those move-in values and asking rents. People have
asked about the seasonal effect, has demand been pulled forward, et cetera, et cetera. We don't see signs
of that yet. But what we do feel good about is that spread between move-in rents and asking rents being
at 12%, even if there's a little bit of seasonality that comes upon us in the fourth quarter or the variant
creates some disruption and delays, we're starting to see a little bit of that. There's still plenty of room in
the short run to see move-in rents continue to grow and maintain the recovery.

In the longer term, it's a broader question around just overall housing demand and supply, which
is a function of what happens with the job and income growth and various other factors associated
with the demand side. And then on the supply side, just overall housing production and multifamily
housing production specifically. And at least on the supply side, our markets, we feel pretty good about,
particularly for legacy markets, the outlook for supply coming down over the next year or 2 potentially
by a pretty decent amount. We'll be able to refresh our numbers by the end of this year. But we could be
seeing a double-digit percentage decline across the footprint and supply as we move into 2022. It would
certainly further kind of support healthy demand and rental rate growth as we move through 2022. So
that's kind of the near-term and the kind of maybe medium-term outlook. And then yes, Tim or other may
want to jump in, in terms of the longer-term outlook.

Timothy J. Naughton
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Well, maybe just tag on to what Sean was saying. Yes, Sean mentioned the supply outlook. I do
think there's a combination of maybe some onetime items that are fueling demand as well as maybe
some structural things that have been accelerated, obviously, by the pandemic. I mean you do have
unprecedented federal stimulus and excess savings that have been created during this downturn that
maybe help propelling some household demand at the margin. A lot of it is being fueled by the 25 to
29 cohort. And then in addition, we believe we've had a housing shortage that's been building over the
last decade. And you sort of couple that with the federal stimulus and maybe a broader de-densifying
of our population where you may have had roommates now get that one household and now they're 2
households as people want to have their own unit. We think that's probably stimulating some demand.

But the other thing I think that is -- maybe is structural is just the nature of this recovery is all people
talked about as being K-shaped. And that's very much our view where our renters and [assets] are really
kind of on the upper part of that K and are really experiencing a V-shaped recovery. And I think from our
perspective, it feels like a V-shaped recovery, a very steep recovery. There are parts of the population
that obviously are being left behind and not participating as much, just given that they're not -- they
may not -- they may be service-oriented jobs as opposed to technology or financial services or the types
of industries we tend to over index too. So I think that may be more structural in nature and could help
propel some household formation, particularly kind of within our target segments.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Operator

Next, we'll hear from Rich Hightower of Evercore.

Richard Allen Hightower
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I just want to go back to the movement into the 4 expansion markets mentioned on this earnings cycle.
And maybe help us understand, obviously, a lot of your peers have been in some of these markets for a
long time and so might have had a view on the different positive attributes, some of which I think were
mentioned on this call. But maybe help us understand what changed directly due to COVID in terms of
your view of these markets if it's migration patterns and so forth versus what you sort of knew about
these markets prior to COVID that's led to the decision to expand there?

Timothy J. Naughton
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Rich, I would say from my perspective, COVID's not really changing our view of the markets. These
markets are really formed by how we think they're going to perform over the next 20 to 30 years.
Obviously, some of these sunbelt markets have benefited during COVID, as you've seen some migration
from some of our legacy markets. Those markets that may be -- some of it may be transitory, some of it
may be permanent. But that trend was already occurring at some level in terms of domestic migration.
And what we saw in all of these markets, what we saw in Southeast Florida and Denver, there's only so
many expansion markets you could take on at one time. Obviously, it's a pretty big deal for us to move
into Southeast Florida and Denver 3 years ago or so and add those to our footprint. And we've seen some
success there, and that's -- has probably made us more confident about how we can enter in some of
these other markets as well.

So I would say probably if COVID hadn't happened, we might have entered these markets sooner in some
ways. Obviously, the events over the last 16 months have recentered our focus on a lot of other priorities.
But given where we are right now, we felt like we're in a position to continue to grow and whether it's
through looking at new segments, whether it's looking through mixed use as we've talked about in the
past or potential broader geography we're looking at and willing to pursue all of those.

Richard Allen Hightower
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful color, Tim. And then I want to go back to a comment, I guess, from the last earnings
call where, Matt, you helpfully broke down the development costs across hard costs, soft costs, labor,
land and so forth. And I guess talking about lumber price inflation, if so, 90 days ago and you actually
explained that, that's not really what people should be focused on. But labor expense could be -- could
sort of drive the equation as we think about ultimate yield on development. And so help us understand
what movements are you seeing in labor costs in that context right now? And where do you expect that to
be, let's say, over the next 12 to 24 months?

Matthew H. Birenbaum
Chief Investment Officer

Yes. Sure, Rich. We're certainly seeing -- it's definitely good to see the top ridiculous air come out of the
lumber market a little bit. But you're right, as we talked about really the last couple of quarters, hard
cost inflation in general is driven primarily by labor and secondarily by kind of the commodities costs.
And while lumber has come down, steel is up, [dry walls] up, some of the other things that we buy a lot
of are up. And certainly, there is pressure. It's hard for us. We don't have a direct line of sight into what
our subcontractors are paying their workers. But we see it in the bids we're getting and we are buying a
lot of activity right now. And what I would say is what we're seeing is that the development starts that
we started this quarter -- last quarter, it was in the release that we're getting ready to start this quarter,
probably our total capital costs are up 5% to 10% from where we thought those deals would have priced
at the end of the year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

So -- and that, in turn, has pushed our yields down a bit. I think our development yields on the $1.2
billion that we expect to start this year is about 5.7%. And a year ago or late last year, maybe that was
closer to a 6%. So we have seen some downward pressure in yields. And again, obviously, as we talked
about before, cap rates are down that much more. So if anything, the margins are just as strong, and
we're seeing on the transaction side that every month new records are being broken in terms of where
assets are trading. So that's giving us and others confidence to continue building, taking that 5% to 10%
increase in our basis because the transaction market is giving it back to us and them some.

And that's still on NOIs, which are -- we're starting to see and that's starting to work its way into
our underwriting, the rent lift that we were talking about. But I would say our rental underwriting on
development is still pretty conservative. So there's probably still a little bit of numerator lift to come there
as well.

Operator

Nick Yulico of Scotiabank.

Nicholas Philip Yulico
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

I guess a question on development. I was wondering, in terms of the incremental development starts that
you announced and even just thinking about how you're thinking about development going forward. How
much is that going to be weighed towards suburban projects? I know that is a lot of the current pipeline. A
little perspective there would be great.

Matthew H. Birenbaum
Chief Investment Officer

Sure. This is Matt. I'm just looking at the list now. So of the -- looks like 1, 2, 3 -- we got 10 development
starts planned this year and 1 of them is urban -- 2 of them are urban. One is kind of a residential
urban neighborhood in Boston and Brighton. It's a relatively small wood frame deal and the deal we just
started this quarter in Merrick Park, which is in Miami, but really in Coral Gables, not Downtown Miami.
Those are the only 2 that are urban. So it's still predominantly 70%, 80% suburban. And as I look at
what we're likely to start next year, it's more of the same. That's where we're finding the development
economics are working better. And there's still more supply coming in urban submarkets relative to
suburban submarkets. Again, when you look out maybe 2, 3, 4 years from now, that equation could well
change. And we're mindful of that as we look at the land market and where that might be in the future.
But certainly, over the next year or 2, the starts are going to continue to be the vast majority suburban.

Nicholas Philip Yulico
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Okay. Great. And then just one other question is in terms of -- we just look at, let's say, Metro New
York for -- Metro New York, New Jersey as your region, for example, and I know you don't give the
development rights page anymore. But if you go back to last year, that is where the bulk of your
development rights are. And maybe you could just give us a feel for -- because it is -- it's over $2 billion
that you listed as capital cost for that metro for those development rights, the feel for suburban versus
urban. And my other question was, in terms of -- in the supplemental, you list the average rents right
now for New York City and suburban and they're shockingly almost the same. And so I'm just wondering
if there's a concession impact there or something we should think about or have suburban rents really
almost now gone to the point of New York City rents in your portfolio?

Matthew H. Birenbaum
Chief Investment Officer

Yes. I mean I can speak to the first part and Sean may want to speak to the second part a little bit. So as
I mentioned, we're -- today, we have about $3.1 billion in development rights. It looks like about 25% of
that is Metro New York. So compared to when we used to have the schedule, it has come down quite a bit
or we've been adding more in other regions. And of that, so maybe $800 million, $900 million of it is in

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Metro New York. And of that, at least 2/3 of it is in the suburbs. I think we have one urban development
right on the coast in Jersey, but everything else is -- a lot of that is Inland, New Jersey, Long Island type
of locations.

In terms of the existing rents in the portfolio, a very different kind of unit. I mean our average unit size
in the suburbs is -- I don't know the number, but it's probably over 1,000 square feet. So the whole
dollar rents may look the same, but the rents per foot look pretty different. And frankly, that's where
we're seeing a lot of success. So we're trying to add more rental townhomes, for example, in New Jersey
or empty nester-targeted product on Long Island. So the unit sizes and the target customers are quite
different.

Sean J. Breslin
Chief Operating Officer

And Nick, just in terms of additional context as we look out over our development pipeline over the next
couple of years, we took our overall starts for this year up to $1.2 billion. We think over the next couple
of years in that $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion type of range is achievable, plus the opportunity for additional
development starts in our expansion markets as we get moving heavier in that direction.

Operator

Brad Heffern of RBC.

Bradley Barrett Heffern
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Yes. On the expansion markets, can you talk about the path towards getting to that sort of 5% number
that you called out? Because obviously, Southeast Florida, I think, maybe 1.5%, Denver is 1%. So is that
like a 10-year process that's largely development at this point? Or sort of what's the time scale?

Matthew H. Birenbaum
Chief Investment Officer

Brad, it's Matt. So I think, yes, as you're talking about Southeast Florida and Denver, I think you're
probably looking at our same-store portfolio. So our current weighting is kind of by total revenue or by
investment or by units is actually a little higher than those numbers, but it's not. I'd say we're roughly
halfway there. We're maybe 2%, 2.5% where we're trying to get to 5% over some period of time. So
it's a combination of all of that. I mean, clearly, we can move the needle more quickly with acquisitions.
And so we are looking to do that. And we will -- as we did in Denver, Florida, and in many cases, in those
instances, we're actually trading. So we're taking dispositions from our legacy markets and redeploying
that capital there. Development takes longer. So we're -- ultimately, it's going to be all of the above. It's
going to be acquisitions, it's going to be development, it's going to be funding other developers.

Each of those 3 activities is on a little bit of a different time frame, which does give us a little bit of
diversification in terms of kind of the timing and the relative trade. So we kind of like that. But we
certainly are staffing up in these regions. We're looking at putting people on the ground. And as we make
those commitments, certainly, we're expecting to be able to move at a reasonable pace. But yes, I mean,
I wouldn't expect either -- any of them to get to 5% or more of our portfolio within 2 or 3 years. It's going
to probably take longer than that.

Bradley Barrett Heffern
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Yes. Okay. Got it. And then maybe for Kevin, can you talk through the sort of federal relief funds? I know
you mentioned in the prepared comments that bad debt had been kind of consistent at 3%, but then there
was that sequential 0.6% benefit on uncollectible lease revenue. So was that relief funds? And just any
outlook on kind of what's in the guide for receipts on that.

Kevin P. O'Shea
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Sure, Brad. Yes, it's Kevin, and Sean may want to jump in here a little bit so -- to talk about the relief
programs. But just to give you a sense of what has happened so far and what is in our numbers, the
current relief programs have been somewhat helpful so far, but only marginally so. Overall, we received $5
million in rent relief payments, of which approximately $4 million in rent relief payments was in the first
half of the year, including $2.5 million in the second quarter. For the back half of the year, we've assumed
we received -- we'll receive $4 million, and that includes what we've received in July, which is kind of
around $1.5 million. And of that $4 million in the back half, most of that will be in the third quarter. So
that's how we're looking at it. Obviously, we've been involved in working with our residents and applying
where we can on our own for much more, but it obviously takes time. And it's a process that is inherently
uncertain and for which there's not an awful lot of visibility about what we're going to receive and when.
So we've been relatively modest in what we assume we will receive going forward from that opportunity.

Operator

John Pawlowski of Green Street.

John Joseph Pawlowski
Green Street Advisors, LLC, Research Division

Just a few quick questions for me. Curious on the development pipeline moving forward, how big will the
Kanso product line be as a proportion?

Matthew H. Birenbaum
Chief Investment Officer

I wish I knew, John. Certainly, we like Kanso. We think that it's got a lot of potential. We don't have a lot
of Kanso opportunities in our pipeline right now. Frankly, seeing how it performed helps us understand
how to underwrite it going forward. So -- and they probably will tend to be smaller deals. So one of the
things we like about it actually is that it opens up some smaller sites where it's pretty hard to make the
numbers work on 100 or 150 unit Avalon when you think about the cost of the amenities and staffing and
amortizing that over a relatively few apartments. So it may -- hopefully, we're going to get a number of
new Kanso opportunities into the pipeline. But because they're likely to be smaller, I would expect that it
would be a relatively small percentage of the pipeline, at least in the next year or 2.

John Joseph Pawlowski
Green Street Advisors, LLC, Research Division

Okay. And then on the operations side, the disclosure answers most of my questions. But Sean, could you
help me understand kind of total fee income, call it, full year 2019? And where we are today given the
divot? And then when we can get back to kind of a normalized fee income absolute dollar run rate?

Sean J. Breslin
Chief Operating Officer

Yes. Good question, John. I want to give you some qualitative answers and then we can follow up off-line
with detail because there's a fair amount of details associated with that. But for the most part, I would
say, at this point in time, we're back to a pretty high percentage of recurring fee income across most of
the footprint with a few exceptions, like in Washington state, we can't charge for much of anything as a
result of some -- you may recall, some changes in New York State. We had to change some fees from
upfront to monthly, that's still working its way through the system. So it's not a simple answer, but I would
say that for the most part, we're back to sort of what we expected on a stabilized basis with a little bit yet
to come. But I can follow up off-line with a little more detail to help you kind of road map it.

Operator

Rich Anderson of SMBC.

Richard Charles Anderson
SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

So with regard to the kind of geographic pie chart and how it's changing, I know you made some
comments that COVID really hasn't influenced some of the decisions you've made. But I am curious about
kind of a reversion to the mean. It's easy to see that Sunbelt is the winner right now. But when you think
long term, are you equally enthusiastic about your legacy gateway markets as you are in these new
markets that you're entering? Do they kind of -- they're all different, but have maybe a similar level of
upside to them when you think maybe 3, 4, 5 years out?

Timothy J. Naughton
Chairman & CEO

Rich. Tim, and others might want to join. I think the simple answer is yes. We've -- and if it wasn't, we
should be exiting those markets, right? But we're always -- and we have exited some markets. So it
doesn't mean we're not going to either reduce our exposure and turn our exposure to certain markets
where we think there may be more risk or a little bit less upside or potentially exit a market. We're not
prepared to do that today, but we are trying to be intellectually honest in terms of what we see as not
the next 4 or 5 years of opportunity, but the next 20 or 30 years as we look at both demand and supply
drivers in the business and some of the risks that are out there, whether it be regulatory or immigration
related that might affect certain markets more than others, so -- and certainly, supply. I mean the
markets we're talking about are -- they are less supply constrained as we know, but they are massive job
generators at the same time, particularly in some of the businesses and parts of the economy we want to
be exposed to. So I would say this is more about diversification and growth than it is about not liking what
we're seeing in our current markets today.

Richard Charles Anderson
SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc., Research Division

Okay. Good. And then second question, you mentioned the 3% bad debt. What are the assumptions that
you have in the sort of the various state and local headwinds, moratorium issues, about those kind of
going away? Do you -- can you kind of peel off those that are affecting you the most? And what you think
is going to happen in terms of time line?

Sean J. Breslin
Chief Operating Officer

Yes, Rich, this is Sean. It's a long answer to that one based on the various -- moratoria and other things
that are out there. What I'd say in characterizing is that we're in the early stages of seeing the various
eviction moratoria or rent caps, et cetera, et cetera, beginning to phase out. But we do think that process
for a number of different reasons will be sort of a slow burn, if you want to call it that, over the next
couple of quarters as opposed to all of a sudden, it's kind of open game everywhere. And you're already
starting to see that in terms of what's happened in various regions, whether it's Washington State
ended June 30, but there's a transitional period for 90 days. California extended through September.
Local jurisdictions are prohibited from doing anything subsequent to that until March. Biden's requests,
obviously, on the CDC side of what the government can do.

So I think people are trying to find the right way to transition it. And therefore, I think the impact of the
bad debt kind of came back to normal levels is probably a multi-quarter process to get there as opposed
to flipping a switch and it happens in 1 or 2 quarters just based on the way things will bleed in across not
only at the state level, but at the local level as well.

Operator

Austin Wurschmidt of KeyBanc Capital Markets.

Austin Todd Wurschmidt
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

So you guys had hit on one of my questions with respect to kind of future new starts. It sounds like up to
$1.5 billion in the current footprint and maybe some upside from the expansion markets. But just curious
what's the latest thinking on how large you're willing to grow the total size of the development pipeline

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

today as I know you've moved that threshold over the years just as a percent of EV. And so how you're
thinking about that given the various risks and opportunities?

Matthew H. Birenbaum
Chief Investment Officer

Austin, it's Matt. I guess there's a number of ways to think about it. You can think about it in terms of the
size of the development rights pipeline, which typically represents 3 years of future start activity. You can
think about it in terms of the size of development underway. In terms of the latter, we are well below kind
of -- we've talked in the past about having a target range of 10% to 15% of development underway at any
given point in time as a percentage of our total enterprise value. I think we're at 5% or 6% right now. So
if we can find the opportunities, I think, from a balance sheet point of view

[Audio Gap]

so -- and as Ben mentioned, we're feeling pretty good about it over the next couple of years at any rate.

In terms of the development rights pipeline, if you think, even if you took 10% of TEV underway, a TEV of
whatever mid-$30-billion-ish, $35 billion, maybe going to $40 billion, that would be $3.5 billion underway
at any given point in time. I would say you probably want to have a development rights pipeline of $6
billion or so -- and $6 million or even $7 million. So we're looking to grow it.

Benjamin W. Schall
President & Director

A couple of things I'd add to Matt's comments. One, obviously, depends on the opportunity set and we
hit on our prepared remarks. We look at the -- our spread to where we're developing to market cap rates
today and our ability to buy match funding, and we think there are some pretty attractive development
profits, right, that will drive activity. And then the other part, there's our own development, but then
there's also our funding of other developers. And that's a method we've been using and are looking to use
more fully in our expansion markets and partially from a time perspective, right, we're able to partner
up with developers who have sites that are entitled and ready to go and lets us to get activation slightly
sooner than if we were going and pursuing our own development right.

Austin Todd Wurschmidt
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

That's all very great color. You mentioned the match funding piece and the attractive spread versus
dispositions. Clearly, we saw you use that this quarter with the new starts and level of dispos that you --
that occurred. So I'm just curious, historically, we have seen you use the forward ATM as well as a funding
mechanism when you had kind of good light and sight on future development starts and wondering given
where the stock is and maybe some of the uncertainty that's out there today, is that something that you'd
look to use to lock in an attractive cost of capital today to fund maybe a potentially growing size of the
overall pipeline?

Kevin P. O'Shea
Chief Financial Officer

Austin, it's Kevin. Yes, I mean, you asked an interesting question, but it's -- unfortunately, it's one that's
inherently speculative. It sort of, as you point out, begins with uses. What do we intend to do? What's the
return profile on that? And then it comes back to sources. And as you know, this could potentially also
be a long answer, but we have 3 primary markets. We have unsecured debt. We have asset sales, which
lately have been suburban asset sales. And common equity, which is what you're alluding to there. Today,
right now, all 3 of those markets, as Tim alluded to in his opening remarks, are attractive. And that's one
of the main factors when you think about how we might gather our sources, one factor is clearly pricing.
And right now, all 3 are relatively attractive from the standpoint of funding accretive developments. Then
you get into the debate about which one is more attractive, and you have a little bit of a debate there. My
own view right now of things -- where things stand today is probably based on their own historical pricing
metrics, I'd probably rank unsecured debt first, suburban asset sales second and then common equity

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

third, but reason of mine can differ and circumstances matter, particularly with regard to the assets you
might sell and the usage you might put them to and where we are from a balance sheet point of view.

Second factor is obviously our capacity to increase leverage. And the good news is there -- with revenue
and NOI growth growing and with modest leverage right now of 5.3 turns, we do have capacity to increase
our leverage somewhat to support investment activity, and so that allows us to tap that market if it
makes sense. And the third factor is our capacity-absorbed capital gains before we had to make a special
distribution. And we tend to like to lean into that capacity quite a bit lately to help buy assets in our
expansion markets, but also to fund development as we're doing here with that activity. So a lot of choices
on the menu for us today. So I don't know that we need to decide anything right now in terms of our
capital plan for what's in front of us for the back half of the year. What we are planning to do and what
I alluded to my remarks is tap the unsecured debt markets and the asset sale markets to fund what's in
front of us and sort of -- but if we get more uses beyond that, which we have in front of us, that's a little
bit of how we think about it. And I'd say the good news is having kind of attractive access to capital and
the opportunity to deploy it accretively in development is just a wonderful situation to be in. It means
we're kind of legging into a very strong part of the cycle where we can enhance earnings growth through
accretive investment activity. So -- and that's an important differentiator for AvalonBay.

Operator

[Jeff Spector] from Bank of America.

Jeffrey Alan Spector
BofA Securities, Research Division

I was just looking at your slide deck, Page 10. I thought it was pretty interesting in the suburban verse
urban kind of communities, the move-in rate. Any thoughts on when maybe the urban communities would
get above their 2019 levels? And maybe just what's built into guidance for the rest of this year on where
those could get to?

Sean J. Breslin
Chief Operating Officer

Yes. Jeff, this is Sean. Good question. It's a question, I'm not sure that has a completely knowable answer
but I can say the factors that would relate to it. I mean the urban environments in terms of what's
dragging at this point in time, it's places that you might expect. So places that are below the 2019 peak
for moving values are like New York City, the district, a little bit in some of the urban submarkets within
Northern Virginia and then the urban submarkets in Northern California. And I think all of those are a
function of various stages of reopening that they're in. And as the major employers call people back to
work, what does that look like in terms of when it happens? Is it around Labor Day? Is it thereafter? Is it
everyone? Or is it partial? What happens with the university campuses and their housing?

And one of the things that we don't know for sure in every case is some of the universities, these have
been packing in pretty tight. And as Tim referred to, if there's some de-densifying that occurs, that should
help support local demand outside the university campuses in terms of their dorm housing. And various
other factors like that really will influence what happens in these urban environments, and we should
have a much better sense of that as we get beyond Labor Day, I would say. I think a number of us expect
pretty good demand through Labor Day. What does that look like and how much does that boost asking
rents and therefore lagging behind that would be move-in values. Those would be the factors you'd want
to think about in terms of where you get back to -- when you get back to sort of those peak levels of
move-in rents.

In terms of what's in guidance, we have factored in continued growth across the markets, consistent with
what we have been seeing. And right now, urban has been lagging, and we do expect it to continue to lag
the suburban environments, but catch up over the next few months is the way I would describe it in sort
of general terms.

Jeffrey Alan Spector
BofA Securities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Okay. Super helpful. And then maybe just thinking about your strategy, obviously kind of a weird lease-
up period, probably longer and more all at once than probably a lot of other leasing periods. How are you
thinking about kind of pushing rate into fall? And then is there anything you might have to adjust as far as
your revenue management systems go as we kind of get into next year because I guess the timing of your
leases is going to be changing, just maybe they are more in August, July than they would normally be?

Sean J. Breslin
Chief Operating Officer

Yes, good question. A couple of different -- actually, a couple of different questions in there. So first, on
the latter part around lease expirations, lease expirations don't

[Audio Gap]

the one piece that's different today, based on the eviction moratoria and some of the rent increase caps
that exist is just very little incentive for residents in some jurisdictions to actually go on to leases. So
our month-to-month percentage is higher than it normally is. It's normally around 1%. It's about 3x
that, right now around 3%. So in terms of lease expiration profile, we're not too concerned about that.
And given lease breaks that occur month-to-month, as we move through the year, we're always kind
of resetting lease expirations as we offer new leases to make sure that stays in check. So that's just
something we normally do all the time.

As it relates to the first part of your question, which is more around seasonality. As I mentioned in my
prepared remarks, we really haven't seen any seasonal softening this year that would typically occur. If
you go back to sort of normal times rents rise pretty -- asking rents rise pretty materially from January
through, say, mid-July and then you start to see some seasonal adjustments and downward slope as you
move through the back half of the year. We have not experienced that this year. And by all the metrics
that we see in terms of lead volume, visit volume, et cetera, low availability, we certainly don't see that
in terms of the near-term outlook over the next 30 days or so. The question would be, if you're thinking
about what the risks are, the Delta variants and the impact on potential delays for reopening of certain
companies and things like that, might there be seasonality in Q4 that we're not seeing today, that's a
possibility.

We do feel good about where we are positioned, though because, again, the spread between asking rents
and move-in rents is about [12%]. Even if those asking rents start to decelerate a little bit, there's still
a nice spread there to continue to grow move-in rents, even if asking rents do decelerate. So again, we
haven't seen that seasonal adjustment yet. But to the extent some macro factors impact it and we start to
see it, we do have enough spread that we can continue to grow move-in rents.

Operator

Alexander Goldfarb of Piper Sandler.

Alexander David Goldfarb
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

One, it is pretty amazing how the development

[Audio Gap]

come back so quickly. So that's wonderful to see, just really eye-popping. But along those lines, you
guys now have the Avalon brand, you have AVA, you have Eaves and now Kanso, or Kanso, apologies if I
mispronounced. Just some sort of an economic return basis and a development cost basis, what's the sort
of range between the 4 brands? And I understand the Eaves is more of the older suburban stuff, but still
as part of your offering. But how do we assess the economic returns of the 4 different brands?

Matthew H. Birenbaum
Chief Investment Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Alex, it's Matt. I guess I can speak to it a little bit in terms of development economics and others may
want to speak to it in terms of the existing asset base. But I mean, so you're right, Eaves, we can't build
Eaves profitably. Nobody has been able to figure that out in this industry. But -- so that brings

[Audio Gap]

acquisition through, Avalon is aging into it over time, which has happened in some cases. It's really not
so much about one brand necessarily being more profitable or generating higher yield than another. It's
about having more -- being able to serve more customer segments in a more tailored way so that we're
optimizing the opportunity on any given submarket. It's not necessarily that AVA is going to generate a
higher yield than an Avalon. In fact, in certain locations where AVA is more appropriate, it might draw -- it
might be a better investment decision to program that community as an AVA or as a dual brand as we've
done in some cases than if it were an Avalon and vice versa. So it's really -- and we think that by doing
that, we're able to first do more business because we can -- we have a broader product line to choose
from, and second, optimize any individual opportunity that comes along as opposed to having the same
offering that we're going to force into multiple different submarkets and locations.

Kanso, we did underwrite that and look at that. And our thinking there was that there is this great
underserved market of folks that want a new apartment, but don't want -- don't value all the other things
that are basically being overserved by an Avalon or even by an AVA. And no one in the market is really
delivering to that customer segment. And our analysis would show that between hard cost savings from
programming it more lightly and operating savings by operating it more lightly in a more self-service
manner, as well as for longer-term CapEx savings that we can get to a rent point which is 10% to 15%
below what an Avalon would be in that location and get a similar yield. So there are locations where you
could do both. But -- and what we're finding there at least so far with the one we've done is the discount
is less than that. It's more like 5%. So we're pretty excited about that. It's still early. We'll have to see
how things play out kind of post-COVID to really see where that settles in. But that's the way I think about
it.

Alexander David Goldfarb
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then the second thing is just sort of along the development. Just given the
demands of especially suburban, but also people wanting more space for living or maybe just more
housing type. As you guys see new sites, is there more of an ability to either add townhouse or add -- I'm
not suggesting you guys get into single family, but add more elements that make your apartments more
sort of longer living for people where you can hit sort of a different demographic that's additive but still
within the whole site plan makes all the math work?

Matthew H. Birenbaum
Chief Investment Officer

Absolutely, Alex. And I'd point you to our biggest start for the quarter, which is we just started Avalon
Bothell Commons Phase 1. That's a deal in Bothell, which is a very high-end infill suburban community
on the east side of the lake east of Seattle. That's a 20-acre site that ultimately we're going to program
with 2 phases. And the first phase does have, I think, about 370 flats and about 100 rental towns. And
that's a site where a couple of years ago, we might have sold a piece of that site to a for-sale developer.
And instead, we decided we would do the lower-density component of the product ourselves as well. The
average unit size there includes, even in the flats, we have more flats with dense than we would have built
in the past so that there's

[Audio Gap]

places as well as the town. So I think the average unit size there is about 1,070 square feet as opposed to
other communities we might be developing in

[Audio Gap]

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

last cycle that might have averaged 850 or 900 square feet per home. So that's definitely a trend we're
seeing in our portfolio.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll next hear from Alex Kalmus of Zelman & Associates.

Alexander Kalmus
Zelman & Associates LLC

A question based on the eviction moratoriums and sort of the bad debt side. How many units are -- is this
mostly from sustained non-payers at this point that are causing the sort of sustained bad debt expense?
Or is it a little more broad based? And then secondarily, if the eviction moratoriums are lifted, what could
this do to sort of the occupancy levels, if hypothetically they were unleashed at one time?

Matthew H. Birenbaum
Chief Investment Officer

Yes, Alex, good questions. So on the first part of your question, sustained non-payers, yes, that is for
the most part the answer as it relates to the bad debt. On the second question, kind of I would maybe
refer back to what I mentioned earlier on the various kind of the eviction moratoria that's out there.
Assuming nothing happens, there is federal level, there is state level actions in place, there's local level
actions in place. The timing of all of those and when they are lifted will likely be different from jurisdiction
to jurisdiction and the ability to get people out based on the court system, how backed up it may be, et
cetera. As a result of those things, we believe the sort of bleed in process as it relates to people leaving
our communities, either of their own choosing or through a legal process, will take some time. And
therefore, units coming back to the market, so to speak, is vacant units that have to be turned and then
leased and occupied will probably be not just a 1- or 2-quarter process, but potentially a few quarters to
work our way through.

Yes, some people will leave early when they see sort of the light at the end of the tunnel and they need
to do something. There will definitely be those people who will hold out for the very last minute until
they are really forced out and everything in between. So therefore, we do believe it will work its way
through the system over a period of time. The market where it's probably most concentrated for us and
many others is in Los Angeles. So that one could get a little bumpy depending on what happens in that
specific jurisdiction, but we still think there are residents who will choose different paths to their eventual
outcome. And therefore, it may take, again, 2 or 3 quarters for it to work its way through the system. And
based on conversations with many others, I think people expect a fairly similar outcome.

Alexander Kalmus
Zelman & Associates LLC

Got it. Makes sense. And on the demographic side, with the new tenants, you have a 70 basis point bump
in occupancy sequentially. Do they pretty much match the portfolios, demographic base? Or are you
seeing a little differences here and there depending on maybe market or the type of age or income levels?

Matthew H. Birenbaum
Chief Investment Officer

Yes. Also a good question. I mean at the portfolio level, the changes have not been terribly material.
If you look at the suburban portfolio as an example, incomes are pretty consistent with kind of pre-
pandemic levels in 2019. Average age is basically the same. It went from high 35s to low 36 range, so
not a meaningful difference. On the urban side, at the portfolio level, incomes are down about 6%, but
average age actually went up. I mean it kind of makes sense if you think about it because move-in values
are basically back at 2019 levels, while the urban movements are still 7% to 8% below 2019. So rent-to-
income ratios have remained relatively constant, and we've seen incomes come up as rents have come
back. So it all kind of lines up. There are some nuances by region. Incomes are up a little bit more and
age as well in some of the suburban New York markets. But at the portfolio level, modest changes relative
to kind of pre-pandemic 2019 levels.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Operator

And that does conclude the question-and-answer session for today. At this time, I'll turn the call back over
to Tim for any additional or closing comments.

Timothy J. Naughton
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, April. I know it's been a long call, and thank you all for being on today, and just hope you
enjoy the rest of your summer and stay well. Thank you.

Operator
And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

