Broadcom Inc. NasdaqGS:AVGO
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, June 03, 2021 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

6.57

-

6.46

26.95

29.07

Revenue  (mm)

6619.66

6600.00

6506.42

26889.48

28249.08

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jun-01-2021 2:43 AM GMT

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

5.14

5.19

6.20

6.57

5.14

5.40

6.35

6.61

0.00 %

4.05 %

2.42 %

0.61 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

7

2

 
BROADCOM INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Hock E. Tan
CEO, President & Executive
Director

Ji Yoo
Director of Investor Relations

Kirsten M. Spears
CFO & Chief Accounting Officer

ANALYSTS

Blayne Peter Curtis
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Christopher Brett Danely
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Christopher James Muse
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Craig Matthew Hettenbach
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Harlan Sur
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

John William Pitzer
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Ross Clark Seymore
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Timothy Michael Arcuri
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Toshiya Hari
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Vivek Arya
BofA Securities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

BROADCOM INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to Broadcom Inc.'s Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. At
this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ji Yoo, Director of
Investor Relations of Broadcom Inc. Please go ahead.

Ji Yoo
Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me on today's call are Hock Tan, President
and CEO; Kirsten Spears, Chief Financial Officer; Tom Krause, President, Infrastructure Software Group;
and Charlie Kawwas, Chief Operating Officer.

Broadcom also distributed a press release and financial tables after the market closes, describing our
financial performance for the second quarter of fiscal year 2021. If you did not receive a copy, you may
obtain the information from the Investors section of Broadcom's website at broadcom.com.

This conference call is being webcast live, and a recording will be available via telephone playback for 1
week. It will also be archived in the Investors section of our website at broadcom.com.

During the prepared comments, Hock and Kirsten will be providing details of our second quarter fiscal year
2021 results, guidance for our third quarter as well as commentary regarding the business environment.
We'll take questions after the end of our prepared comments.

Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific
risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements
made on this call. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a
non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached
to today's press release. Comments made during today's call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial
results.

I'll now turn the call over to Hock.

Hock E. Tan
CEO, President & Executive Director

Thank you, Ji, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. In Q2, semiconductor solutions revenue grew
a strong 20% year-on-year to $4.8 billion, with infrastructure software revenue growing an expected 4%
year-on-year to $1.8 billion. Consolidated net revenue was of $6.6 billion, up 15% year-on-year.

Now on the last earnings call we had, we talked about how strong broadband and networking bookings
were from hyper cloud and service providers, even as wireless was declining seasonally. In Q2 just passed,
not only do we see broadband and networking sustaining, we now see a recovery of bookings from
enterprise. And on the supply side, hourly times have now stabilized, but the volume of bookings we are
experiencing today continues to grow. Now we intend to meet such demand, and in doing so, we maintain
our disciplined process of carefully reviewing our backlog, identifying real end user demand and delivering
products accordingly.

With that as context, let me provide you more color. Starting with broadband, which interestingly now is
going through somewhat of a renaissance. Revenue grew 28% year-on-year and represented 18% of our
semiconductor revenue. As discussed during our Broadband Teach-In, the work, learn and play from home
environment is driving global service providers to expand connectivity to the home.

In our broadband carrier access business, PON fiber or otherwise known as PON grew over 40% year-
on-year, mostly with existing generation 2.5G. But with next-generation 10G PON representing only 30%
today, there is significant room for content growth as 10G PON deploys over the next few years. Not to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

BROADCOM INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2021

be outdone by fiber, cable operators in the U.S. are driving deployment of DOCSIS 3.1 cable modems, we
saw an 80% year-on-year growth, and planning to accelerate the upgrade to next-generation DOCSIS 4.0.
Our broadband technologies, in fact, are enabling service providers to complement the 5G they deliver --
to deliver best experience for consumers.

Now overlaying all this last-mile broadband upgrades, we see a demand surge for the latest WiFi 6 and
6E technology to enable the last 100 feet of connectivity in homes. Broadcom has emerged as the clear
market and technology leader in WiFi for access gateways to the home and to enterprises, with over 50
million ports shipped in Q2 alone or a year-on-year revenue growth of some 30%.

On the other hand, as we might expect, with the push into higher-performance fiber, copper DSL, digital
subscriber line deployments for wireline broadband, declined 30% year-on-year. And with a lack of
live events during the pandemic, video declined 20%. But with the onset of 5G, service providers are
competing for subscribers, leading to technology upgrades globally in fiber, cable and WiFi connectivity.
We're seeing this investment cycle in broadband extending into 2022. And so for Q3, we expect to sustain
double-digit year-on-year revenue growth in this segment.

Moving on to networking. Networking grew 10% year-on-year and represented 32% of our semiconductor
revenue. We experienced tailwinds from hyper cloud and telcos, partially offset by headwinds from
enterprise. Revenue for switching was up 30% year-on-year, primarily driven by the strong ramp of our
Trident and Tomahawk 3 for over 400G platforms and hyper cloud data centers.

In the network, service providers have been investing in 5G infrastructure worldwide, where the demand
for Jericho2 at the metro core and Qumran at the edge have been robust with revenue up 35% year-on-
year. On the other hand, enterprise demand in networking has not yet recovered, still down double digits
from a year ago. But as we go into the back half of the year, we expect to see hyper cloud upgrading to
our next-generation Trident, Tomahawk 4 or over 800G switching platforms and sustained strength by
service providers in network routing. And accordingly, in Q3, we expect networking revenue to maintain
the trend of low double-digit growth year-on-year. We found the complete recovery of enterprise demand.

Speaking of enterprise, let's talk about server storage connectivity, which represented approximately 12%
of semiconductor revenue. This end market is largely driven by enterprise. And in line with our guidance,
revenue was down 16% year-on-year. You may recall, however, in Q1, this was down 22%. And as the
economy starts to recover, we are seeing an improving demand trajectory. And so in Q3, we expect server
storage connectivity revenue to be down high single-digit percentage year-on-year.

With the launch of Intel's Ice Lake, AMD's Milan as well as future ARM-based servers, this space is turning
quite exciting and innovative for us, both in hardware and software. And we will provide, obviously, more
color during our next teach-in in July on our server storage business.

Moving on to wireless. Q2 revenue was down 16% sequentially, reflecting seasonality, with wireless
representing 34% of semiconductor revenue mix. Nonetheless, on a year-over-year basis, wireless
revenue was up 48%, reflecting a very favorable compare year-on-year as well as content increases in
FBAR and WiFi. In Q2, we were able to ship more than we had originally planned. And accordingly, in Q3,
we expect the growth trend in wireless revenue to sustain but at over 30% year-on-year.

Finally, industrial and other represented approximately 4% of Q2 semiconductor solutions revenue.
Resales grew 34% year-over-year in Q2, driven by recovery in automotive and China. Inventory in the
channel continues to deplete as what we shipped in the distributors grew only 23%. Turning to Q3, we
expect resales to continue to grow double-digit percentage on a year-on-year basis.

Summary, Q2 semiconductor solutions segment was up 20% year-on-year. And in Q3, we expect revenue
growth year-over-year to be of a similar amount.

Turning to software. In Q2, infrastructure software produced another quarter of steady and predictable
results as revenue grew 4% year-on-year and represented 27% of total revenue. Now if we exclude
professional services, our enterprise software revenue grew 7% actually year-over-year. And a further
indicator of the quality and sustainability of our products, over 90% of our software bookings represented
recurring subscription and maintenance with an average contract life span from core customers pretty

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

BROADCOM INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2021

much close to 3 years. We continue to believe our infrastructure software business is on track to grow at
or better than mid-single-digit percentage year-over-year, which is again what we expect to see in Q3.

Summarizing this, demand continues to be robust, and so our Q2 consolidated net revenue grew 15%
year-over-year. We expect the momentum to sustain in Q3 and total revenue to be at $6.75 billion or up
16% year-on-year.

With that, let me now turn the call over to Kirsten.

Kirsten M. Spears
CFO & Chief Accounting Officer

Thank you, Hock. Let me now provide additional detail on our financial performance. Revenue was $6.6
billion for the quarter, up 15% from a year ago. Gross margins were a record 75% of revenue in the
quarter and up approximately 180 basis points year-on-year. Operating expenses were $1.2 billion, down
1% year-on-year, driven by lower SG&A, offset in part by increased investment in R&D. Operating income
for the quarter was $3.8 billion and was up 25% from a year ago. Operating margin was 58% of revenue,
up approximately 470 basis points year-on-year. Adjusted EBITDA was $4 billion or 60% of revenue. This
figure excludes $133 million of depreciation.

Now a review of the P&L for our 2 segments. Revenue for our semiconductor solutions segment was $4.8
billion and represented 73% of total revenue in the quarter. This was up 20% year-on-year. Gross margins
for our semiconductor solutions segment were approximately 69%, up 290 basis points year-on-year,
driven primarily by higher product margins. This margin improvement comes from content growth as we
deploy more next-generation products in broadband and networking end markets. Operating expenses
were $795 million in Q2, up approximately 2% year-on-year as we invested in R&D and streamlined
SG&A. R&D was $702 million in Q2, up approximately 6% year-on-year. Q2 operating margins increased
to 53%, up 580 basis points year-on-year. So while semiconductor revenue was up 20%, operating profit
grew 35%.

Moving to the P&L for our infrastructure software segment. Revenue for infrastructure software was $1.8
billion and represented 27% of revenue. This was up 4% year-on-year. Gross margins for infrastructure
software were 90% in the quarter, up 100 basis points year-over-year. Operating expenses were $355
million in the quarter, down 8% year-on-year as we've completed the integration of Symantec. R&D
spending at $228 million is up 1% year-over-year. Operating profit was up 10% year-on-year on top line
growth of 4%. Operating margin was 70% in Q2, up 360 basis points year-over-year.

Moving to cash flow. Free cash flow in the second quarter was $3.4 billion, representing 52% of revenue.
Days sales outstanding were 33 days in the second quarter compared to 51 days a year ago. We ended
the second quarter with inventory of $1 billion, an increase of $52 million or 5% from the end of the prior
quarter. We should also note in Q2, we spent $126 million on capital expenditures.

On the financing front, we extended our weighted average debt maturity to approximately 10 years from
9 by exchanging notes. Our weighted average coupon decreased about 5 basis points to 3.7%. During the
quarter, we made $1.5 billion in payments on debt obligations, ending the quarter with $9.5 billion of cash
and $40.4 billion of total debt, of which $278 million is short term.

Turning to capital allocation. In the quarter, we paid stockholders $1.6 billion of cash dividends. We also
paid $461 million in withholding taxes due on vesting of employee equity, resulting in the elimination of
approximately 1 million AVGO shares. We ended the quarter with 410 million outstanding common shares
and 450 million diluted shares. Note that we expect the diluted share count to be 449 million in Q3.

The Board of Directors has approved a quarterly cash dividend on our common stock of $3.60 per share
in Q3. Based on current trends and conditions, our guidance for the third quarter of fiscal 2021 is for
consolidated revenues to be $6.75 billion and adjusted EBITDA of approximately 60% of projected
revenue.
That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

BROADCOM INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of John Pitzer of Credit Suisse.

John William Pitzer
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Hock, I've got 2 quick ones. First, within your wireless business, you've been able to sign long-term
contracts with your key customer, and I'd argue that's benefited both you and them. It's given you the
confidence to invest in the business properly and then the confidence that you'll have supply for them
when they need it. I'm just kind of curious, given how tight things are elsewhere in the semi business,
have you been able to parlay this into any longer-term customer contracts? And what implications might
that have as we all start to worry about the "end of cycle"?

And then secondly, just on your comments about enterprise recovery, can you elaborate on that? Was that
specifically a storage comment? Or is that also a networking comment?

Hock E. Tan
CEO, President & Executive Director

Okay. Let me take the question one at a time. On arrangements with long-term agreements, John, this is
something we have been thoughtfully, carefully putting in place with our core strategic customers. We just
don't go do it as if it's commoditized. We're very thoughtful about doing it, and we do it in very specific
areas where we know for sure that the technology is fairly, fairly difficult, complex to manage and which
requires a substantial amount of R&D spending. And we've been doing it for a while now with strategic
customers in core businesses. So we just don't do it across the board.

And what you pointed out is very, very correct. It's a mutual -- then it's a structure, it's an agreement
with mutual benefit. We have the confidence to invest in R&D to make CapEx capacity investment. And
in return, we offer the best leading-edge technology in specific areas in a timely manner to our critical
customers. So yes, we have been doing it, and we will continue to thoughtfully do it in a very appropriate
manner.

On the second part, okay, which is -- if you could repeat the question, John? Let me be sure...

John William Pitzer
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Yes, just elaborate a little bit on your comments about an enterprise recovering brewing. Was that mostly
within storage? Or was it networking? So I'm a little bit surprised, given some of Cisco's comments, that
you're not a little bit more positive on the enterprise network space.

Hock E. Tan
CEO, President & Executive Director

It is across -- it is for enterprise spending. It is -- I won't say across the board necessarily and trying to
define enterprise very appropriately. As you noticed in my comments, we've classified service providers,
telcos as a separate animal, different from traditional enterprise. And so -- and as I pointed out, based on
broadband, telcos have been investing big time. Service providers, telcos have been investing in a huge
manner over the past 12 months.

But traditional enterprise, the companies, whether it's the banks, the manufacturing sector, various retail
customers, airlines, examples, no, these guys are in a recovery mode. And not surprising, we are seeing
pandemic easing like, say, in North America. And as it eases, we see a step-up in spending. But we do not
see spending spiking up.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

BROADCOM INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2021

Now obviously, if you look at some businesses that -- like warehouses that require WiFi networks, campus
networking environment, you do see that improving. But to say across the board, all enterprises are just
spending money, not -- we are still seeing -- and as I showed that in server storage connectivity, we still
see year-on-year, things are not up to what it was a year ago. And that applies not just on data centers,
namely compute. It also applies to data centers in enterprise, campus environment. We see less of that
but across the board.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur of JPMorgan.

Harlan Sur
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great job on the quarterly execution, strong margins and free cash flow generation. Hock, I think as you
mentioned, we're still in the early phases of the 400-gig networking upgrade cycle with your hyperscale
and telco customers. I know 2 of your big cloud typing customers have already started the upgrade. It
looks like there's another 2 more that are going to start the upgrade cycle here in the second half of this
year and quite a bit more next year.

And then as you mentioned, you still have Tomahawk 4 ahead of you. So given the extended visibility
that the team has with the strong backlog, do you see the cloud and telco upgrade cycle and inevitable
recovery in enterprise driving continued year-over-year growth in networking into next year?

Hock E. Tan
CEO, President & Executive Director

I don't -- we don't really try to guide more than 1 quarter at a time, first of all, because we're not that
smart to be able to do that. But on a broader trajectory, it does appear fairly much the trend, as we said,
which is the hyper cloud guidance will push out in the second half, as I indicated, on the data center side
on Tomahawk 4, the 800G platform. In fact, we have substantial backlog for delivering in the back half of
the year for Tomahawk 4.

So we see that going on, and we -- you're right, we see the recovery step-by-step of the enterprise,
though I do not see that really taking off in terms of reaching the level it was a year ago, probably until
2022. But what we do not know for sure is would that give pause to hyper cloud in their spending. And
that part, I'm just putting everything on the table. We're not sure whether hyper cloud spending will
necessarily continue into 2022. We sensed it would. We see some of the backlog.

But as enterprise steps up, one really never knows if the economy starts to rebalance in that side. But
what we do see in broadband is service providers, the telcos in particular are, for sure, upgrading. And
here, this is the longer cycle of upgrade and we see them upgrade. And we see the backlog associated
with it through 2022.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank.

Ross Clark Seymore
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Congrats on the strong results. Hock, I want to dive a little bit into the lead time commentary that you
had with that stabilizing. Two quarters ago, you talked about the size of the book, the backlog you had.
Last quarter, you talked about the year-over-year and even, in some instances, the sequential growth
being so large in bookings. And now we're hearing that the lead times are stabilizing. People could
interpret that a bunch of different ways as far as the implication on the demand side of the equation or
that supply is catching up to it, or frankly, people are just ordering so far out that they're not willing to
extend that any further.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

BROADCOM INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2021

So I was hoping to double-click on that lead time commentary and get your feelings as to why it's
stabilizing. And do you take that as a positive or a negative?

Hock E. Tan
CEO, President & Executive Director

I'll just make a comment to say we have stretched out our lead times so far, Ross. Good point you bring
up -- and I'm glad you're bring it up to give me a chance to clarify a set of quick comments I made in my
opening remarks that we are comfortable at the lead times we are on. And so what it is, is customers --
our customers are comfortable seeing our lead time now.

But one we have found rather remarkable over the last quarter is that even if our lead times remain
stable, consistent, the volume of bookings we receive every week continues to grow. I made that
comment and thanks for the opportunity to make that -- reiterate that point. Same lead time, stable for
last 3 months, but the booking rate we are seeing every week continues to step up.

Operator

Our next question comes from Vivek Arya of Bank of America Securities.

Vivek Arya
BofA Securities, Research Division

Hock, I had another one on the supply situation. If there were no supply constraints, how fast would your
semiconductor business be growing? And kind of part B of that is, what is driving the shortages for you
right now? And what are you doing to resolve it? And do you have any kind of gut feel on when the supply
situation will become normal?

Hock E. Tan
CEO, President & Executive Director

One of the first -- I'll answer the first and the last. In between, I'm not sure. But on the first, it's -- we
will not put ourselves in a situation nor should anyone do it because there's also a certain amount. You do
not -- we do not want our customers, and I don't think any of our peers want to do that either, to buy, to
hoard, to create buffers, to buy ahead of what they need.

So we try to mesh, identify, as I said, and go through a process of rigorously understanding true end
demand. In other words, we look for drop date quantities as the term is used in the industry. And we ship
to those drop date quantities and maybe a little more. And what you see today is the true growth rate
we are representing. We are not hiding what could have been. There's no what could have been. We're
shipping to what we believe the customers consider as the true real demand.

Now having said that, we may be delivering -- doing JIT, just-in-time. But nonetheless, we do try to fulfill
what customer truly want just in a timely basis. And that still continues today, regardless of the size of
the backlog we have, but this is really in that regard. And from our perspective, the challenges we have in
the supply chain is a constant side challenge. It's to ensure that we get components, whether it's wafers,
substrates, getting our products assembled, tested and any other small components on a timely basis to
make sure that we can keep this thing running.

And if you look at the size of our inventory versus the size of our cost of goods sold or revenue quarterly,
you can see that we run pretty close to just-in-time through our entire supply chain. And we've been
able to do it and sustain that. And so what we're reporting to you like 20% year-on-year growth on
semiconductor components is, in our view, a pretty decent reflection what is truly end demand needs out
there. All right.

Operator

The next question comes from Timothy Arcuri of UBS.

Timothy Michael Arcuri
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

BROADCOM INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2021

Hock, I guess I wanted to ask you what you think the long-term growth rate is of your semiconductor
business. You're sort of trending to the high teens this year, but that's kind of due to easy comps and
you have the compressed iPhone launch and the pull forward of some of these technologies due to the
pandemic. So once this all sort of normalizes, what do you think is the right long-term growth rate for
the business? Are you still thinking 5%? Or do you think maybe just given the strength of the bookings
recently that it could be better than that?

Hock E. Tan
CEO, President & Executive Director

That's a hell of a question. And I'll tell you this. Right now, we're in the midst of a very strong demand,
and that's also created perhaps, as we all know about, a severe imbalance between demand and supply,
demand and supply works to catch up. But if you look at it long enough, I think the dynamics underlying
-- the fundamental dynamics underlying the semiconductor industry hasn't yet changed. At least I haven't
seen it change.

So Tim, that's my -- that's the best answer I can give you, which is I haven't changed my thinking, if we
look over the next 10 years, how this industry will behave because it is a relatively mature industry. It's
evolutionary. Technology is still evolving, which is great for us. And it keeps getting better and better. But
it's evolving. Disruption, as people like to say in this industry, is less of an event. It's evolutionary. And I
have not seen anything that tells me there's a fundamental change.

Operator

Our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach of Morgan Stanley.

Craig Matthew Hettenbach
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Hock, just given the ongoing strength in free cash flow and improved balance sheet, can you just talk
about your thoughts on the M&A environment and also -- and/or buybacks, how you're thinking about
cash deployment as you go forward?

Kirsten M. Spears
CFO & Chief Accounting Officer

Yes, I'll take that one. This is Kirsten. Relative to capital allocation, first and foremost, we're dedicated to
paying 50% of our free cash flows to our shareholders. And so that would be first. Secondly, M&A, if we
can -- accretive M&A, it would be the second objective. Then thirdly, stock buybacks, and at the end, there
would be debt repayments. So I think that's how we're looking at capital allocation in that order. There
isn't anything yet on the M&A front that I can talk about. But if anything does come up, we'll let you know.

Operator

Our next question comes from Blayne Curtis of Barclays.

Blayne Peter Curtis
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Just curious, a little more detail on the gross margin. It's a record gross margin. Any color on product or
segment? And then I guess as you look forward here, if you could describe what you're still dealing with in
terms of excess costs due to COVID and then how to think about it as enterprise comes back. Should that
be additive to the gross margin?

Kirsten M. Spears
CFO & Chief Accounting Officer

I expect gross margin next quarter to be about the same as it was this quarter. And then as you know,
at the end of the year, we're expecting wireless to come back in for the normal ramp that we have. And
so the margins will come down a bit towards the end of the year. But at this point, I see us being able to
sustain the margins that we experienced this quarter, mostly coming from networking and broadband.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

BROADCOM INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2021

Hock E. Tan
CEO, President & Executive Director

Blayne, at the risk of perhaps repeating ourselves -- myself too much from past conversations that I had
with you -- with all you guys, our gross margin has this natural trend of continuing to keep expanding
year-on-year, not necessarily quarter-on-quarter but -- sequentially as much as year-on-year, simply
because we tend to have a chance to go to a new product life -- product new -- next-generation product
across some of our franchise products. And it's a combination of all this.

So the natural growth of -- expansion of gross margin for our business, especially in the semi side --
particularly in the semi side, which I assume your question is related to, Blayne is, as I've always said, we
have a gross margin expansion range of 50 to 150 basis points year-by-year. And it's an average across
our 24, 25 different -- well, I should take out software, just hardware, about 20 or so different product
lines, each with a different product life cycle and each going to its new generation product each time.
Because as you know, each time we come to a new generation product, we get a lift in margins, in product
margins, which translates to gross margin.

So it's not unusual to see us go to the high end of the range. And in this particular case, year-on-year,
it's a bit more than the higher end of the range. And that's probably related to perhaps a separate mix of
products in this environment because there's still puts and takes across our product range. Not everything
is on fire. And based on that, we end up with higher than the normal 50 to 150 basis point range. But I
don't think this is something that will go on forever. But you should expect that year after year, you will
see that 50 to 150 basis point improvement in gross margin on the semiconductor side.

Operator

Our next question comes from Toshiya Hari of Goldman Sachs.

Toshiya Hari
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I had 2 actually, 1 on wireless and 1 on the cost side. Hock, in terms of wireless, I guess in Q2, revenue
came in better than expected. I just wanted to understand, was that primarily supply being better?
Or were there dynamics on the demand side that came in better than expected? And then sticking to
wireless, as you think about the next-generation product cycle at your largest customer, how are you
thinking about the content opportunity at this point? You pretty much know what's locked in. If you can
comment on RF and WiFi and touch -- and maybe compare and contrast this uplift in this cycle vis-a-vis
past cycles, that would be super helpful.

And then on the cost side, based on the comments you just made about gross margin expansion and
some of Kirsten's comments, I doubt cost inflation is having impact on your business. But if you can speak
to wafer pricing and substrates and what you're seeing from a cost perspective over the next year or so,
that would be super helpful.

Hock E. Tan
CEO, President & Executive Director

All right. Let's start with the first one. And if I lost track of the last 2, you better remind me. But on
wireless, you're right. What I indicated was Q2 wireless was kind of higher than we -- than we had
originally planned and a lot related to demand. Of course, it's demand. We will never ship just because we
have the products. It's based on demand, wanting it, and so we're happy to fulfill it.

And part of the demand may actually come a bit from Q3. Not sure 100% yet because this is -- demand
comes in short cycles. And it may, and perhaps that's why we are a bit careful about telling you Q3 year-
on-year improvement is still 30-plus percent year-on-year growth. I'm not saying 40%-plus. But we don't
know for sure, except we know that we do pull in some from Q3 to Q2, not much, and that allows Q2 to
perform that 48% year-on-year growth, which is great. But Q3 will still be pretty good year-on-year, as we
fully expect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

BROADCOM INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2021

And related to content and all that, I prefer, at this point in this sensitive arena with a highly sensitive
situation, to not answer that question at all. No offense, please, but I can't answer that question.

But I'll be happy to take the third question, which is, yes, we have cost inflation in this environment
where, as we all know, the semiconductor supply chain is on a severe constraint on its ability to provide.
Now we are very large. We are a very, very large customer and a very loyal customer to many of our
suppliers, all of our key components. And so we believe we are treated very well.

Having said that, where prices are concerned, of course not. We see cost inflation. And in this
environment, we are very, very open to talking to our customers who are, in turn, very open to being able
to address cost -- inflationary cost pressure in a higher purchase price on your side. So we're good, which
is why our margin has been stable.

Operator

Our next question comes from C.J. Muse of Evercore.

Christopher James Muse
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I guess another question on the supply chain and I guess a bigger picture question, Hock. If you think
about your increased lead times, you talked earlier to John's question about selective strategic agreements
with key customers. At the same time, we're taking multiyear kind of take-or-pay contracts with foundries.
Curious if you see any structural changes to the semi industry as we kind of emerge post pandemic.

Hock E. Tan
CEO, President & Executive Director

Okay. My frank opinion, I don't know. There shouldn't be. Same question that was asked is, do I think the
semiconductor industry over the next 10, 20 years will grow any faster or slower? And my view is no, I
don't think -- I don't see any fundamental things that have changed. See, while we're in the thick of this
storm, so to speak, of course, all hell breaks loose, as the expression goes.

But these are cycles we all have seen many times in the semiconductor industry. And maybe this is a bit
extreme with -- in the context of the pandemic over the course of 2020, now extending partly into 2021,
but the supply will step up at some point. And demand is always there because people need technology,
people need the performance, need the technology that we all offer in the products we provide. And we'll
be competing the same way we have been competing. And it's not necessarily related to creating long-
term agreement or any such thing. It's about being able to provide the best technology, the best product
in a timely manner for your customers.

And it doesn't matter that you do any agreements if at the end of the day, you lack the technology or you
lack the products that customers need to make themselves successful to be able to deploy very well in a
good manner. And that has always been the semiconductor industry. And that is -- there will -- I do not
see anything that changes that. Now putting long-term agreements might make life easier. But I think it's
just a myth. We still have to establish ourselves that we can outperform, out-engineer the competition.

Operator

Our next question comes from Chris Danely of Citi.

Christopher Brett Danely
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

There's a lot of talk, worries, speculation, I don't know, old wives' tales, whatever, about this big inventory
build of handsets in China. Any thoughts there, Hock and team? And what would be the potential impact
for Broadcom?

Hock E. Tan
CEO, President & Executive Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

BROADCOM INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2021

Well, not directly. If there's such a big overhang sitting out there, not directly because our wireless
business, our wireless product, as we have fully articulated, pretty much sells to 2 large customers largely.
And we're talking about handset. We do not sell much, if any, to the handset product -- handset guys,
OEMs that is in China. And we sell to 2 big customers, 1 in North America, 1 in Korea. And these are very
high-end flagship status phones. And that's it.

And now that could be indirect blowback and that I do recognize in certain markets if there is an excess of
inventory that needs to be just thrown out there. But on the other side, on a direct basis, we do not see
any -- we do not expect to see any impact.

Operator

At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ji Yoo for closing remarks.

Ji Yoo
Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, operator. In closing, please note that Hock will be presenting at the BofA Securities Technology
Conference on Tuesday, June 8. Following our networking and broadband teach-ins earlier this year,
Broadcom and Bernstein will be hosting a teach-in on our storage businesses on Wednesday, July 21 at 12
p.m. Eastern, 9 a.m. Pacific. Hock will be joined by Jas Tremblay, General Manager of our Server Storage
Connectivity business; Jack Rondoni, General Manager of our SAN business; and Dan Dolan, Marketing
Head of our Hard Disk Drive business.

That will conclude our earnings call today. Thank you all for joining. Operator, you may end the call.

Operator
Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

BROADCOM INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

