American Express Company NYSE:AXP
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, April 23, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.62

-

-

1.56

6.68

8.98

Revenue  (mm)

9208.38

9064.00

(1.57 %)

9348.43

39431.36

44414.68

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-23-2021 12:40 PM GMT

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.02

1.35

1.30

1.62

0.29

1.30

1.76

-

SURPRISE

1350.00 %

(3.70 %)

35.38 %

-

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Vivian Y. Zhou
Senior VP & Head of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

Craig Jared Maurer
Autonomous Research LLP

Donald James Fandetti
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

James Eric Friedman
Susquehanna Financial Group,
LLLP, Research Division

Mark C. DeVries
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Mengxian Jiao
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Mihir Bhatia
BofA Securities, Research Division

Richard Barry Shane
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Robert Paul Napoli
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Ryan Matthew Nash
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Sanjay Harkishin Sakhrani
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the American Express Q1 2021 Earnings
Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the call over to our host, Head of Investor Relations, Ms. Vivian Zhou. Please go
ahead.

Vivian Y. Zhou
Senior VP & Head of Investor Relations

Thank you, Allan, and thank you all for joining today's call.

As a reminder, before we begin, today's discussion contains forward-looking statements about the
company's future business and financial performance. These are based on management's current
expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially from these statements are included in today's presentation slides and in our reports on file with
the SEC.

The discussion today also contains non-GAAP financial measures. The comparable GAAP financial
measures are included in this quarter's earnings materials as well as the earnings materials for the prior
periods we discussed. All of these are posted on our website at ir.americanexpress.com.

We will begin today with Steve Squeri, Chairman and CEO, who will start with some remarks about the
company's progress and results. And then Jeff Campbell, Chief Financial Officer, will provide a more
detailed review of our financial performance. After that, we will move to a Q&A session on the results with
both Steve and Jeff.

With that, let me turn it over to Steve.

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Vivian, and hello, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for today's call.

Early this morning, we reported first quarter revenues of $9.1 billion and earnings per share of $2.74. I'm
pleased to say that our overall core business performance is slightly better than our expectations, with
credit performance continuing to be best-in-class, and we're especially encouraged about the progress
we're making toward our aspiration of returning to the original EPS expectations we had for 2020 in 2022.

As I discussed in January, we're looking at 2021 as a transition year, where our focus is on investing
to rebuild growth momentum by firing up our core business, scaling next-horizon opportunities, while
continuing to retain financial flexibility. And while I feel good about our results for the quarter, what I feel
really good about is the progress we're making to rebuild momentum.

When we talk about firing up the core, we're looking for meaningful progress in 4 areas: spending volumes
coming back to pre-pandemic levels; bringing new customers into the franchise; retaining and deepening
relationships with our current customers; and signing up additional merchants. We're making good
progress in all these areas.

Overall spending on American Express Cards in Q1 continued the sequential improvements we saw
through the last 2 quarters of 2020. U.S. volumes exceeded our expectations in the quarter, and spending
in March from U.S. consumer and small- and medium-sized enterprise customers was higher than March
2019 levels. Non-U.S. volume lagged a bit due to renewed lockdowns in certain international countries.

Excluding travel and entertainment categories, spending on our cards in Q1 was up 11% on an FX-
adjusted basis versus 2019 levels. This marked the third straight quarter of positive growth. And although

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2021

the T&E volumes were significantly lower in the first quarter versus last year, we've seen a steady
sequential upward trend in monthly T&E spending and a noticeable improvement in recent weeks,
particularly in the U.S., as the vaccine rollout accelerated.

These trends indicate that the pent-up demand for consumer travel we've been talking about is real, and
it increases our confidence that the domestic -- that domestic consumer travel will continue to recover as
the year progresses.

In terms of bringing new customers into the franchise, card acquisitions are also gaining momentum
and were up sequentially in the quarter globally. In fact, new accounts acquired on key premium U.S.
consumer and small business products were above 2019 levels and exceeded the prior quarters. Initial
spending on these new cards is strong, and the average FICO scores of these new U.S. consumer and
small business card members are higher than those acquired pre-pandemic.

In addition, card acquisitions in some of our largest travel co-brand portfolios have accelerated since the
fourth quarter, an important indicator that travel remains an attractive category for consumers over the
long term.

Another indicator of building momentum in our core business is retaining and increasing engagement
with existing card members. We have a good story to tell here as well. Card Member attrition on our
proprietary products, which also includes our co-brands, continues to be lower than in the previous years,
and customer satisfaction levels remain higher than pre-COVID levels. The additional value we provided
on several of our premium products helped drive Card Member loyalty and spending in 2020 and, as we
believe, has been sustained into this year.

For example, 95% of U.S. Platinum Card members who took advantage of the streaming credits and 88%
who use wireless credits offered last year are continuing to spend in these categories months later. We're
also seeing good engagement on the new offers we rolled out earlier in the first quarter for Platinum Card
members, which includes statement credits with PayPal and other select merchants. The uptake on these
offers are in line with the wireless and streaming offers we announced last year.

Overall, Card Member engagement with our digital channels and capabilities is at an all-time high, in most
areas. For example, over 88% of our U.S. Card Members are making their payments digitally, and 87%
use our website or app for self-service. The number of Amex Offers redeemed in Q1 increased fivefold
versus last year's first quarter, topping 5.3 million redemptions.

Finally, we continue to see strong adoption of Pay It Plan It, our buy now pay later feature, after we
recently expanded the capability to all U.S. consumer cards. Since launching Pay It Plan It, card members
have created over 6 million plans, totaling over $5 billion of accounts receivable.

Another key driver momentum is expanding merchant coverage. In the first quarter, we continued to make
progress growing merchant coverage internationally, while maintaining our coverage levels in the U.S.
When it comes to building momentum, we aren't just focused on the near term. We're also focused on
scaling next-horizon opportunities that will drive growth over the longer term.

China represents an exciting opportunity in this regard. As you know, developing our card processing
network in Mainland China has been a priority for us, and we're pleased with our progress. Since getting
the green light to start processing payments in China 8 months ago, we have reached mobile wallet parity
coverage through our partnerships with China's major mobile wallet providers. And to date, we have
added over 14 million merchants to the network at the point of sale with more to come.

A key enabler of our coverage growth in China is the progress we're making to modernize our network,
particularly in adding the capability to process debit transactions globally, which is an essential need
for customers in China and helps us prepare for potential additional debit applications elsewhere. We
remain focused on scaling our China business by acquiring card members through the relationships we've
established with 16 issuing partners, and I look forward to sharing more highlights of our progress over
the course of the year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2021

In our commercial business, our growth has been and will continue to be driven primarily by small- and
medium-sized enterprises. A key element of our longer-term growth strategy for SME franchise is to
deepen our relationships with current customers and attract new ones by offering a range of supplier
payment and cash flow management solutions, both on and beyond the card, giving business owners more
tools to help them manage their businesses.

Kabbage is one example of how we plan to bring this strategy to life. We've been focused on integrating
Kabbage's digital capabilities into our business. And in Q1, we began the rollout of the Kabbage platform,
which includes a business checking account and working capital solutions to our small business customers.

In our consumer business, Resy, our online dining platform, helps drive bookings and spending at
restaurants, which is a top category for our Card Members. When a pandemic hit, Resy quickly pivoted its
value proposition for restaurant owners to help them expand their offerings and find new ways to attract
customers, including enabling takeout, meal kits, family meals and virtual events.

Resy also provided a number of special offers for Amex card members. As a result, over the past year,
Resy has seen significant growth in engagement for both consumers and restaurants. In fact, we've seen
a number of reservations booked on the platform more than doubled since December, and Amex card
members who use Resy are some of our highest spending and most profitable customers.

Those are just some of the examples of our progress in rebuilding our growth momentum, both in our
core business and with next-horizon opportunities. Importantly, as we've increased our investments in
both categories, we've also been focused on maintaining our financial strength and flexibility. We resumed
share repurchases this quarter, and our capital ratios continue to be well above our targets.

Before I hand the call over to Jeff, I want to share some thoughts on where I see things heading in the
near term. As I sit here a little over a year since the global COVID pandemic started, I'm optimistic that
the hopeful signs we're seeing as vaccine distribution accelerates will continue and get stronger as we
move through the year.

Of course, we're still cautiously keeping an eye on the progression of the virus and its impact on local
lockdowns and cross-border travel restrictions in certain areas. But there are clear indicators that the
economy is improving, particularly in the U.S., and I believe this will translate into continued steady
improvements for American Express.

Given all of this, we remain firmly committed to executing on our 2020 investment strategy for a building
growth momentum for the longer term. As I said last quarter, we're not focused on achieving a particular
EPS target this year. Instead, we're focused on achieving our aspiration of returning to the original EPS
expectations we had for 2020 in 2022, and for the company to be positioned to execute on our financial
growth algorithm going forward.

I'm encouraged by the results we've seen thus far in 2021, which makes me even more confident in our
roadmap for achieving our 2022 aspiration. I'm particularly proud of our colleagues who have remained
nimble and focused through the uncertainties of the past year. Their dedication and hard work, along with
the flexibility of our business model, the loyalty of our customer base, the strength of our partnerships and
the value of our brand make me feel very good about the future.

Jeff will now walk you through our results, and we will take questions after that.

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer

Well, thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. It's good to be here today to talk about our first
quarter results, which reflect good progress towards the aspirations we have for 2022 that Steve just
outlined.

As I've said since the beginning of the pandemic last year, the key drivers of our financial performance in
this environment remain volume and credit trends, along with, this year, the marketing investments we

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2021

are making to rebuild growth momentum. I'll spend most of my time this morning on these topics. But
first, looking at the summary financials on Slide 3.

When you consider year-over-year results, last year's first quarter included 2 months of pre-pandemic
results. And so as you would expect, first quarter revenues of $9.1 billion were down 13% year-over-year
on an FX-adjusted basis. But in contrast, while we don't typically look at monthly results, were you to look
at our revenues in just the month of March, you'd see that they were up 7% year-over-year.

Our first quarter net income was $2.2 billion, and earnings per share was $2.74. Included in these results
is a $1.05 billion credit reserve release due to improvements in the macroeconomic outlook and continued
strong credit performance.

So now let's get into the first key driver of our performance volumes, beginning with a few comments
on some nomenclature changes we have made to our volume reporting. Thinking ahead on how we
expect our card processing network in Mainland China to grow in the coming quarters and years, we have
renamed what we previously called GNS billed business as processed volumes because our business model
in China is unique and different from what we do with our GNS partners in other regions.

We have also changed what we previously referred to as proprietary billed business to just billed business
and renamed what we used to call our overall volumes from billed business to network volumes. You
will see we've recast prior periods in the disclosures that accompany our earnings release as well as on
appendix, Slide 27.

So with these changes in mind, moving on to our volume performance on Slide 4, we saw continued
recovery across all of our volumes in the first quarter, with total network and billed business volumes down
8% and 9%, respectively, and processed volumes down only 1%, all on an FX-adjusted basis.

Getting into the details of our billed business growth, which you will see several views of on Slides 5
through 10, we've shown first quarter trends on both a year-over-year basis and relative to 2019 in order
to provide a clearer picture of how spending is recovering, as we begin to lap the onset of the pandemic in
March of last year. I'd also note that the trends we've seen in the first 2 weeks of April are a continuation
of the trends we saw exiting the first quarter that I'll focus on this morning.

In addition, it remains important to look at spending on travel and entertainment categories separately
from spending in other categories, which we will now be calling goods and services spending, given the
very different impacts the pandemic has had on these 2 very different categories.

Overall, there are a few key points I'd suggest as the takeaways on volumes from all of these slides. First,
there are clear signs of volume momentum that we feel good about. As you can see on Slide 5, our overall
billed business volume growth continued to recover steadily throughout the months of the first quarter,
with the reopening of the economy and rollout of the vaccines progressing well in the U.S. and certain
other geographies.

Spending on goods and services, which represents the vast majority or 86% of our volumes, exceeded
our expectations, growing 6% year-over-year and up 11% versus 2019 in the quarter and up 15% in the
month of March.

Spending on travel and entertainment also showed sequential improvement given the progress on the
medical front in the U.S., further reinforcing our view that consumer and small business travel will recover
over time.

Second, the growth in goods and services spending has continued to improve steadily in both our
consumer and commercial businesses. In consumer as shown on Slide 6, we continue to see strong online
and card-not-present spend growth, which was up 23% year-over-year this quarter, even as the recovery
of offline spending accelerated, driving goods and services volumes up 7% year-over-year and 13%
versus 2019.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2021

In commercial, as you can see on Slide 7, SME spending remains the most resilient across our customer
types, supported by continued growth in B2B spending, which drove overall commercial spend on goods
and services up 5% year-over-year and up 8% versus 2019 in the first quarter.

Third, we are seeing a faster pace of spending recovery in the U.S. versus other regions. As shown on
Slide 8, the total volumes from our U.S. consumer and SME customers are recovering faster than other
customer types and were up 1% versus 2019 levels in the month of March, even with the continued drag
of T&E spend not yet fully recovering.

International consumer and SME spending, on the other hand, is recovering more slowly due to renewed
restrictions in key international geographies and the fact that, historically, we tend to have more travel-
related spending in our international regions.

And large and global corporate card spending, which historically has been primarily travel and
entertainment, continued to be down the most during the first quarter, as we expected, since this will be
the last customer type to see travel recover.

Fourth, T&E spending, though still down significantly, did improve steadily across all categories throughout
the months of the first quarter, and consumer T&E continued to recover faster than that of SMEs and
large corporations, as you can see on Slides 9 and 10. We expect this trend to continue given the pent-
up demand to travel that we see in our consumer base and the positive early signs of domestic travel
recovery that we see in the U.S. as the vaccine rollout progresses.

So to sum up on spending volumes, we feel good about the steady growth we are seeing in goods and
services spending, and we expect it to continue to grow throughout 2021. On T&E spending, the trends
we've seen in the first quarter are encouraging and give us more confidence in our current assumption
that by Q4, T&E spending will have recovered to around 70% of its Q4 2019 levels, led by recovery in U.S.
consumer domestic travel.

Turning next to the other key volume driver, receivable and loan balances on Slide 11. Receivable balances
were down 4% sequentially and 6% year-over-year in the first quarter, in line with spending volumes.
Loan balances, however, were down 5% sequentially and 13% year-over-year, more than spending
volumes, as we continued to see the liquidity and strength amongst our customer base leading to higher
paydown rates, which relates to the very strong credit performance I'll talk about in just a moment.
Looking forward, I would expect the recovery in loan balances to continue to lag the recovery in spending
volumes.

So turning next to our second key driver, credit and provision on Slides 12 through 16. As you flip through
these slides, there are a few key points I'd like you to take away. We continue to see extremely strong
credit performance, with card member loans and receivables write-off dollars, excluding GCP, down 53%
and 82% year-over-year, respectively, as you can see on Slide 12.

We attribute this performance to our robust risk management practices, the premium nature of our
customer base as well as the unprecedented level of government stimulants and forbearance programs.
Clearly, macroeconomic forecasts have improved over the last 90 days, as you can see on Slide 13.
However, we still have 2 very different macroeconomic forecast scenarios, and we continued to put
significant weight on the downside scenario in the modeling we did to calculate our first quarter credit
reserves.

The impact of the improvement in the set of macroeconomic assumptions on our reserve models, coupled
with the sequential decline in loan and receivables balances and our strong credit performance, led us to
release $1.05 billion of reserves. This reserve release and our extremely low write-offs drove a provision
expense benefit of $675 million in the first quarter, as shown on Slide 14.

That said, the balances enrolled in our financial relief programs are still $2.1 billion higher than they were
pre-pandemic, as you can see on Slide 15. In the coming quarters, we will see how the Card Members
exiting our financial relief programs will perform. That will be an important milestone for us, though I
would observe that all of the early exit performance indicators have looked quite strong.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2021

There also continues to be some uncertainty in the medical environment and the vaccine rollout, and we'll
have to see how that plays out. And so we continue to hold a significant amount of reserves. Slide 16
shows you this, and that we ended the first quarter with $4.8 billion of reserves, representing 6.4% of our
loan balances and 0.5% of our Card Member receivable balances, respectively.

Moving on to our third key driver, marketing investments to rebuild growth momentum on Slide 17. We
invested $1 billion in marketing in the first quarter as we continued to ramp up new card acquisitions,
while maintaining our value-injection efforts. We acquired 2.1 million new cards in the first quarter, up
around 20% sequentially.

Importantly, the number of new accounts we acquired on our premium fee-based products was up 35%
versus Q4, with acquisition volumes on many of our premium U.S. consumer and small business products
exceeding 2019 levels. As Steve mentioned, in 2021, our focus is on rebuilding growth momentum and
maximizing our investments to do so.

As a result, we continued to expect to spend a little over $4.5 billion in marketing this full year.
Our ultimate marketing investment levels will be governed by the universe of attractive investment
opportunities and the pace at which we wind down our value-injection efforts, as our customers begin
again to experience the full benefits of our existing value propositions.

So what do our 3 key drivers mean for our financial performance this quarter? As I said earlier, year-
over-year revenues on Slides 18 and 19 are impacted by the prior year quarter, including 2 pre-pandemic
months. So first quarter revenues were down 13% year-over-year on an FX-adjusted basis primarily
driven by volume declines, impacting net discount revenue and net interest income, as well as declines in
travel-related revenues and delinquencies, impacting other commissions and fees and other revenues.

Net card fees, however, grew 10% year-over-year in the first quarter, as you can see on Slide 20,
demonstrating the impact of the strong continued Card Member engagement that Steve discussed.
Looking forward, I expect the growth rate of net card fees will slow for a few more quarters driven by
our decision last year to pull back on new card acquisitions as we were managing through the peak of
uncertainty during the beginning of the pandemic. Given the renewed momentum, we are now beginning
to see in new card acquisitions, I would expect net card fee growth to then reaccelerate.

Moving on to net interest income on Slide 21. You see that net interest income declined 22% year-over-
year on an FX-adjusted basis. While the primary driver of this is the decline in loan volumes, net interest
yield on our Card Member loans also decreased 60 basis points due to the higher paydown rates from
revolving Card Members on our credit card products. Looking forward, I expect the recovery in net interest
income to lag the recovery in loan volumes.

Volumes are also the primary driver of the discount revenue trends you see on Slide 22. As expected,
though, the contraction in discount revenue continued to be a bit larger than the decline in billed business.
The average discount rate declined 8 basis points year-over-year driven by the greater declines we saw in
T&E spending where we, on average, earn higher discount rates.

The year-over-year erosion in the first quarter is a bit less than in Q4 due to the recovery in T&E spending
throughout the quarter that I spoke about earlier. Looking forward, we still expect that if T&E spending
recovers to around 70% of 2019 levels by Q4, as I mentioned previously, you'd probably see overall
revenue growth of around 9% to 10% for full year 2021. And if T&E recovers more slowly or quickly, you
could see full year revenue growth, but somewhat lower or higher than that 9% or 10%.

Moving on to expenses. We are continuing to break out on Slide 23 our variable customer engagement
expenses, which moved naturally in line with spend volumes and benefits usage and marketing and OpEx,
which are driven by management decisions. Variable customer engagement expenses in total were down
10% year-over-year. Relative to the past few quarters, we did experience higher usage of travel-related
benefits and rewards, which we see as a clear sign of the pent-up demand we've been talking about.
Looking forward, a good way to think about these variable customer engagement expenses is that I'd
expect them to be about 40% of our total revenues for the next few quarters.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2021

Moving on to operating expenses. You can see that they were down 10% year-over-year in the first
quarter primarily driven by a few sizable gains in our Amex Ventures equity investment portfolio, partially
offset by some higher deferred and other compensation expenses. In 2021, we still expect our operating
expenses to be around $11.5 billion, below 2019 levels, as we continue to keep tight control over our
operating expenses, while also investing to rebuild growth momentum.

Turning next to capital and liquidity. On Slide 23, our capital and liquidity positions remain tremendously
strong. Our CET1 ratio increased to 14.8% in the first quarter, our highest level since we began reporting
this ratio. And our cash and investment balance ended the quarter at $61.5 billion, far above our target
levels, driven by the shrinkage in our balance sheet over the past year.

We resumed share repurchases in the first quarter, repurchasing 3.3 million shares, and we remain
committed to our dividend distribution and to our long-term CET1 target ratio of 10% to 11%. In Q2, we
plan to repurchase shares up to the maximum amount permitted under the Fed authorized capacity of
around $900 million. Looking forward, our capital distributions will be a function of the Fed's guidelines,
our capital generation and the growth in our balance sheet.

So let's close by talking about what the signs of momentum we saw in Q1 might mean for the future. In
January, I laid out 2 scenarios of potential outcomes for 2021 that were primarily based on what happened
with credit reserves.

Our original scenario 1, or low scenario, assumed a much worse medical and economic environment this
year, and that we would not release any credit reserves in the year. Now 3 months into the year, the
macro outlook has improved, and credit performance has remained very strong, so we've already released
$1.05 billion of reserves. This still leaves us, however, with a lot of credit reserves we've built due to
economic uncertainty.

So our updated scenario 1 on Slide 25 assumes that this uncertainty persists, that the medical and
economic environment does not improve further and, that we, therefore, do not release any additional
credit reserves this year. Such an economic outcome would likely put some pressure on our current
assumption of a 70% T&E recovery by Q4 and likely drive a somewhat weaker revenue recovery. The
combination of these things could lead to an EPS outcome as low as around $6 per share.

Our updated scenario 2 in contrast assumes that we continue to see strong credit performance and a
steady improvement in the economic outlook, leading to less uncertainty and having no need to maintain
our current level of credit reserves. This sort of economic outcome would also likely drive a somewhat
stronger revenue recovery in line with the 9% to 10% revenue growth assumption I spoke about earlier.
In this scenario, our 2021 EPS could be as high as $7.50.

More importantly, in either scenario, as I said earlier, our marketing investment levels will be governed
by the universe of attractive investment opportunities that we see, not by a focus on any specific EPS
outcome for 2021. What we are focused on is managing the company to rebuild growth momentum and
achieving our aspiration of being back to the original EPS expectations that we had for 2020 in 2022, and
for the company to be positioned to execute on its financial growth algorithm beyond 2022.

And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Vivian.

Vivian Y. Zhou
Senior VP & Head of Investor Relations
Thank you, Jeff. [Operator Instructions] Thank you for your cooperation. And with that, the operator will
now open up the line for questions. Allan?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo.

Donald James Fandetti
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

[indiscernible] 4% in March versus '19.

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Don? Don, could you start again? We missed the beginning.

Donald James Fandetti
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Sure. No problem. So Jeff, if you look at your T&E down about 54% versus '19 in March, and April sounds
like it gained a lot of momentum, it looks like down 30% for Q4 would be pretty conservative.

How are you thinking about that? And also what are your T&E assumptions as you sort of look at your '22
aspirational guide?

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer

Well, maybe I'll start. And then, Steve, you might want to add a few comments. So let me work
backwards.

So in 2022, we're really assuming, Don, that consumer travel and entertainment spending is mostly back
to where it was pre pandemic, small business lagging that a bit, and then large and global corporation
travel still being well below its 2019 levels.

The other comment I would make about 2022 is domestic travel in the U.S. and around the globe will be
the fuel that gets us to that level. We would still expect cross-border travel to be a little weaker next year
than it was in 2019 just given the likely lingering number of cross-border restrictions that you've seen.

As of how we feel about our Q4 assumption, look, we had a clear inflection point this quarter in the U.S.,
and so we feel good. But Steve, you may want to add a few.

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Yes. No, I think that those -- the assumptions that Jeff just went through are exactly the assumptions we
have in our calculus here. But I think when you look at this quarter and you look at the trends that we're
seeing, I mean, we're seeing an increase in bookings, right?

So we're seeing our travel bookings are up 50% over the -- this quarter up 50% over Q4 '20. When you
look at -- and we look at this really carefully. When you look at February versus March, in March now, we
were 50% of 2019 bookings, and that was 19%. So we have 31% in February and then went to 50%. So
we feel really good about that.

When we also start to really dig into the data, we start to look at sort of cohorts of spending, and we're
seeing people that are younger are getting back at a much higher level. Their overall T&E spending is
probably about 85% to 90% and almost 100% back to where they were in 2019 in restaurants.

And then when we look at older people, as they get vaccinated, we're seeing sequential growth month-
on-month as we look at their growth. And so if you look at just people over 45, you're seeing an 11%

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2021

increase in their overall T&E spending month-to-month. We -- that's only going to get better for us as we
move along.

And the last thing that gives us a lot of great hope is redemptions, is MR redemptions. I mean, when you
go back and look at sort of MR redemptions that we had, our MR point redemptions in the fourth quarter
for Air was like 30%, and it's up to 54%.

So we are doing some good things here, and our customers are doing some good things. And we'll
continue to make sure that we're retaining these customers because they're going to spend. And as Jeff
said, our co-brand cards are doing quite well as well. So all of that leads to, again, in an environment that
continues to improve, us having a lot of confidence in hitting our 2020 plan in 2022 .

Operator

We'll go next to the line of Craig Maurer.

Craig Jared Maurer
Autonomous Research LLP

I hope everybody is well. I wanted to just ask about the guide a little bit for 2021. Versus your original
scenarios that you laid out with fourth quarter earnings, how much higher was the reserve release than
you had envisioned? I'm trying to understand how much pull forward of reserve release benefit might
have happened in first quarter because of how strong credit quality was and the fact that lending did not
accelerate.

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So I think, Craig, the first comment I would make is, remember, we're not trying to provide guidance
this year. We tried to give people a couple of low and high scenarios back in January to help people
think about the year, and we updated them this quarter. What we are incredibly focused on is that 2022
aspiration, which we are really growing in confidence about.

All that said, if you -- if I take it back to January, the then $5 low scenario assumed that the world would
be so tough this year that you would not end up releasing any credit reserves. So we just released $1.05
billion of reserves. That's about $1. That takes you from $5 to $6. So your $6 assumes, once again, the
world from here is suddenly going to get really tough, and you're not going to release any more reserves.
At the high end, yes, we had assumed you release some modest level of reserves, which is why the high
end only went up from $7 to $7.50.

So that's how we thought about it. I just want to close, though, by again emphasizing, we're not focused
on any particular EPS outcome this year. We're incredibly focused on what we're trying to achieve for
2022.

Operator

We'll go next to the line of Mark DeVries with Barclays.

Mark C. DeVries
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I think that guidance around the corporate T&E spend makes a lot of sense. But Steve, I'd be interested
in getting your color on recent conversations you're having with your large corporates on when they think
they'll feel comfortable having their employees travel more freely, whether they'll recover to pre-pandemic
levels, how much substitution of virtual occurs. And then finally, just given that, do you see more upside
or kind of downside to that 70% of recovery level?

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2021

All right. So when you think about corporate, the first thing people have to do is get back into the offices,
right, because If people are back into the offices, there's nowhere to travel to. And you're starting to see
-- look, I mean, Jeff and I are in here today with 80 of our closest friends in a building that has about
5,000 people. And we've said we're not going to have people really come back until after Labor Day. You're
seeing other companies sort of gradually get back into it. So I think, the step 1.

First step is let's get people back into the office, and then companies are going to say, "Okay. How
comfortable I am having visitors into the building?" And my anticipation is most companies will start
opening -- start the process of reopening in the United States now, July through sort of September, and
get to some capacity level. I mean -- and you guys have your own situations yourselves, where you're --
most of you are probably sitting at home today.

So I think what's going to happen is it's going to be slow, which is why we really haven't assumed a lot of
corporate T&E coming back and a lot of travel coming back. Having said that, corporate T&E takes many
forms. We do have salespeople that are on -- out and on the road and calling on accounts. And there's
car rental and there's gas, and they're still staying at hotels and restaurants. And so I think for a segment
of it, and I think when you look at a segment of our, let's call them, industrial corporate -- T&E corporate
customers, they have people that are going to plants and visiting -- making customer calls and so forth.

I think that, eventually, what will happen is investment banks and consultants are going to want to go out
and meet with their clients again. There's been a lot of deals that have been done, a lot of relationships
that have been built, but there's nothing like in person. I just think it will take a bit of time.

And look, there's also -- there's that substitution. It's a substitution of WebEx and Zoom and what have
you, which is why we've been talking 2023 before it gets back to 2019 levels. And I think with that
assumption, we feel good about hitting that 2020 aspiration in 2022.

So when you think about what goes into our assumption for 2022, you've got a slower return of
international, you've got a much lower return of corporate, and yet we're saying we'll be at 2020 levels.

And so is there upside from a consumer perspective on travel? I think that all depends on the rollout of
the vaccine, governments opening up their borders and things like that. I think from a domestic travel
perspective, pent-up -- there's pent-up demand. In talking to Ed Bastian and talking to Chris Nassetta,
they're seeing a lot of bookings out front. I just went through some of our travel data.

So as we go through this, I think what's going to be the key thing to watch for is how much does
international travel come back from a consumer, and we're assuming that sort of now in the second half of
2022, okay, not in -- not really this year.

And I think the other thing you're seeing, Mark, is you're seeing a divergence. I mean, you see what's
going on in India right now. There's a lot of countries that are having different results and different
situations as it relates to the vaccine. But one thing is inarguable. The more vaccine rollout, the more
people feel confident. The more people feel confident, the more they'll get out and spend.

And that's why I think when you look at sort of the -- towards the end of the second quarter into third
quarter in the summer, you're going to see people hitting the road, you're going to see people hitting the
skies, especially in the U.S.

Operator

We'll go next to the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So my question is on the 2.1 million accounts acquired in the quarter. Maybe you could give us some color
on the type of customer, age bracket, income geography, that kind of thing and give us a sense of what's
resonating.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2021

Is it more the cash back, the T&E, the specific enhancements that you're making on some of the
programs, spend more, get more kind of points, bonus points and a little bit on how you're thinking about
this group of new accounts that you're acquiring, and what that means for future spend trajectory and
growth rates versus maybe what you were acquiring pre-pandemic? If there's any compare and contrast
there you can share, that would be great.

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Okay. Well, let me give you a couple. It's probably a half hour meeting there, but let me go through. So
look, 2.1 million new cards, normally 2019, you saw us average about 2.5 million new cards.

When you look at the consumer cards, 60% of the cards we acquired were millennial or Gen Z. We saw --
in the pandemic, you saw more cash-back cards being acquired. We -- there was a 35% jump in premium
cards that we saw in this particular quarter, and acquisition of Platinum and Gold cards was well above
pre-pandemic levels. So we feel good about that.

And just to give you some sort of contrast on that, when you look at our fee-based products, it's still a
little bit lower. I mean, we're acquiring about 60%. It was about 70% in 2019, but sequential increases
have helped.

We're seeing co-brand cards come back. I mean, we talked about 90% more Delta cards acquired in this
quarter than in the previous quarter, and we're seeing a higher-level customer. I mentioned that in my
remarks. The FICO is a lot higher, and we're seeing good spending.

So we feel good about both our small business and consumer. We don't really talk about geographic
distribution and things like that. But our intent is not only to acquire cards, but we also -- when we talk
about it, we acquire billed business. And we're on track to do from a billed business acquired perspective
where we were in 2019. So we feel good about that.

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer

The only thing I'd add, just to make it clear, Betsy, is that the sequential growth in the travel co-brands
has been tremendous. They're still below where they were pre-pandemic because you still don't have
anywhere near as many people staying at hotels or sitting on airplanes.

And so that's what leaves us overall a little bit below the level of pre-pandemic new card acquisitions, but
we're quite confident that will come back. And once you look beyond that sector, we think we're at great
levels today.

Operator

We'll go next to the line of Mihir Bhatia of Bank of America.

Mihir Bhatia
BofA Securities, Research Division

I wanted to ask about -- a big -- a little bit more on the 70% by year-end T&E assumption. Is there -- it
sounds like there's a mix shift between volumes there, too, between domestic and international, where it
did more towards domestic, which I think we all understand.

But maybe is there a difference in revenue or profitability between that travel in terms of what you make?
So I guess, what I'm trying to ask is as T&E comes back, is the contribution to revenue maybe going to
lag a little bit on the -- compared to the contribution to volume just from that mix shift? And then any
update on April billing trends?

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2021

Yes. No. So when we report the volume, it's the volume, and there's no difference. Obviously, If people
are booking first class international tickets to Hong Kong, they cost a lot more than first class tickets
Indianapolis. But the reality is we're giving you volume numbers. So it just means you need a lot more of
those tickets to Indianapolis than you do to Hong Kong.

So no, there isn't. There isn't a difference for us. We're not giving you sort of -- when we talk about
volumes, we're not giving you a number of trips booked here. What we're doing is we're giving you actual
volume.

So we may have actually more trips. In fact, when we look at -- we look at this, you'll -- we look at receipt
of charges and transactions basically, so we may have more transactions in Air, and you may have lower
dollar, but that doesn't mean anything to our margins.

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer

The only thing I'd add, Mihir, is when you look at our other revenue and other fee and commission lines,
there is some dollars in there that do come from cross-border travel. And as we think about the 2022
aspiration, we don't actually expect that to be fully back to 2019 levels in 2022. We don't need it to be to
hit our 2022 aspirations.

I'd actually put that in the category of things Steve talked about earlier that even beyond '22, there's still
probably a couple of remaining tailwinds as the last of cross-border travel and corporate travel begin to
come back to 2019 levels post-2022.

Operator

We'll go next to the line of Meng Jiao with Deutsche Bank.

Mengxian Jiao
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I wanted to touch on the recent expansion of Pay It Plan it to all U.S. Consumer Cards. Have you seen any
sort of usage acceleration since you expanded that? And then can you actually frame for us how big the
opportunity set can be and it could apply to that 2022 aspiration that you mentioned?

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Yes. No. So it's really too early to sort of tell on just how much we've got it because we really just did it,
but it's not really in the -- it's not in our calculus to help us make our 2022 number. It's totally upside for
us.

But again, just to put it in perspective, you're talking about 6 million plans from inception, you're talking
about $5 billion of overall AR. And it's a convenience feature that we have. It's -- yes, I'd like to say it was
our answer to buy now pay later, except we had it before a lot of the buy now pay later. We just had it on
particular cards, and now we've put it on all the card.

So it really is all about meeting overall Card Members cash flow needs, and they'll do this versus
potentially revolve on charge or just a normal lending transaction. It gives them more certainty. So it's in
the overall numbers that we have and the overall spending that we have, but I wouldn't say, in any way,
shape or form, it's a big driver of 2022.

Operator

We'll go next to the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2021

So you guys have done a very effective job of adjusting your pre-pandemic value propositions, but can
you offer any thoughts on the work you've done more recently around potential post-pandemic changes
in consumer preferences that may be longer lasting and the risk that could lead to more permanent
changes?

For example, how concerned are you guys about the risk that the value proposition associated with the
airline lounges may not be as great post-COVID? And how confident are you that you'll be able to identify
sustainable cost-effective alternatives to maintain the overall value proposition across your different
products to the extent that we can't just go back to the old -- sort of the older pre-pandemic offerings that
you guys had?

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So a couple of points. So look, our strategy for the last 3 years has been to refresh our products on
an ongoing basis, ongoing basis anywhere from sort of 3 to 4 years. And so we'll talk more as we refresh
those products, and we'll give you a little bit more color on that.

I take the opposite view on sort of the travel value propositions. I think they're actually going to be even
stronger at this point. I think that people are going to want to have the safety and security of our lounges.
We're opening up more lounges. We're not backing away from these lounges. In fact, we've opened up
numerous lounges during the pandemic, and they've turned into a little bit more of an oasis for people
where, they know, with our brand, our security and our reputation, we're going to take as good care of
people in our lounges as possible.

And I think the other thing that there's a lot of questions we got at this time last year was, "Geez. What's
the future of your travel co-brand cards?" And when we look at the month of March, and we look at sort of
Delta and we look at Hilton as just 2 examples, they're at 2019 spending levels overall and because people
have been accumulating points and people want status. And as I've said numerous times on these calls,
status is probably even going to be more important going forward.

So what we will continue to do is we're not going to walk away from our travel value propositions. If
anything, I've been more encouraged that we did the right things, and we'll continue to add though. I
mean, I think if you look at our history over the last 3 years or so, 3.5 years, we've kept our core value
proposition and continued to add.

And during the pandemic, I talked about the results we had with wireless and the results we had with
streaming. We got customers who were not using our card for those things. By putting some value in,
we're now 4 months after the value and they're still spending.

And we're doing the same thing. Right now, we've got a PayPal Credit for our Platinum cardholders, and
we're picking up more Card Members that didn't use PayPal. And as I've talked about PayPal and I've
talked about some of the other fintech Square and Stripe and so forth, they've actually not only helped us
get more coverage, but have helped us in ways to deliver more value to our Card Members.

So we feel good about our card -- our value propositions. We feel good about the travel value propositions
that are in our products, but we will continue to expand and evolve our value propositions as we have over
time. We're not walking away from that strategy.

Operator

We'll go next to Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.

Ryan Matthew Nash
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

So Steve, maybe as a follow-up on that. So you injected significant value prop enhancements into the
business, like streaming and wireless, as you just referenced, and I believe some of those will evolve over
the next few quarters. So can you maybe just talk about how you envision repurposing those marketing
dollars?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2021

I think, Jeff, you talked about spending a little over $4.5 billion this year. Could we see that come down
beyond this year? Or do you expect to see these enhancements shifted towards customer acquisition and
maybe we could see customer acquisitions above that, those 2.5 million per quarter that you talked about
in 2019?

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So a couple of points. We spent, I think, it was like $1 billion this quarter. Some of that was in value
injection, not the wireless and streaming. Those have ended. This is different types of value injection, but
the majority of that was customer acquisition and customer engagement.

When we look at the rest of the year, I think we said we're going to spend $4.5 billion, but we'll spend up
to the attractive opportunities that are there. If there are not attractive opportunities, we will not spend it.
If there are attractive opportunities, we will spend more if they're there mainly because we're focused on
building that momentum.

Having said that, given that you have sort of probably a 6-month value injection window and you've got
customer acquisition and customer retention, more than likely, you will see that overall dollar bucket come
down next year as we go into 2022 when you're not doing that value injection.

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer

The only thing I'd add, Ryan, is we've talked about the fact that as you go through this year, to Steve's
point, you need to see the value injection spending come down. And we were pleased this quarter
because, actually, it was down sequentially, and we still continue to see tremendous customer attrition and
retention rates, probably because the travel-oriented value parts of our value propositions are becoming
more valuable to people again.

Operator

We'll go next to the line of Jamie Friedman with Susquehanna Research.

James Eric Friedman
Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division

This is a very thoughtful IR deck, so thank you for that and for the updated commentary. I just wanted to
ask, in Slides 7, 8 and 9, you demonstrate the outperformance of SME. You don't have to go to the slides
and just anchoring it. But in terms of the outperformance of SME, Steve and Jeff, could you remind us
what it is about that relative to large and corporate that is different that makes it more sustainable?

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So you probably heard us shuffling the pages to get to 7, 8 and 9. But yes, so there's a huge
difference. I mean -- so our Corporate Card is predominantly, it's like 60% travel and entertainment,
whereas our SME card is like 80% goods and services. They use the card to run their business.

And as we've talked about travel coming back, it comes back in layers. It comes back with consumer,
then it's SME and then it's large and corporate. So it is a very different business and -- which is why we
went and acquired Kabbage to have a digital front for these SMEs where they can not only get their card
spending done, but also get working capital loans, have a transaction banking account, have merchant
financing loan, have short-term loans and things like that because small businesses -- small and midsized
businesses use this card to really help to run their businesses, which is a fundamental difference between
how corporations use the card, which is to support T&E. And obviously, there's B2B opportunities with
large corporates, but -- that's why small business has come back.

What our small businesses have done, I think, even better than what you might have thought is, is the
dispersion that we have across the small business arenas, and I've said this many times. When people

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2021

think about small businesses, they tend to think about the small retail shop, what they tend to think about
is small restaurant.

The reality is a lot of them didn't do so well during this time. We don't have a tremendous amount of our
small business base there. It is a very diverse base. And when you think about professional services,
you think about cooling and plumbing and electric and all those things, our base is very wide, and that
has helped us because some small business segments during this time have just been through the roof.
Others have been hit really hard, and others have businesses -- have maintained as they were before the
pandemic.

Operator

We'll go now to the line of Bob Napoli with William Blair.

Robert Paul Napoli
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

A question on China, I guess, and in debit as -- and broader thoughts on debit. So what do we -- what
should we see out of China? You've changed your reporting somewhat because you expect to see some
significant numbers, I guess, out of China.

But you also talked about building a debit capability broader than China. And I just wondered what your
long-term thoughts were on that.

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So I think we changed that to provide, I think, the appropriate level of transparency for you guys
because, obviously, as we've said this all along, GNS volumes are not worth the same to us as GNS as
proprietary volumes, and China volumes are part of that mix.

And so that's why we changed it to process volumes because, yes, you're right, over time, we do expect
that volume to be very significant. And we wanted to make sure we were providing the right level of
insight, so that you guys could make the right assumptions.

And there will be -- in China, it will be charge credit, and it will be debit cards. And so as we build that
capability, we will evaluate where else. If you build that capability for your network, it gives you the
capability to do it in other markets. And so we'll evaluate over time where that makes sense for us to roll
that out.

So nothing really to announce here, but I think it's important that you understand the capabilities that
we're building as well, and we're building these capabilities from a global perspective so that we have it.

But to also point out, we do have GNS partners in local markets today that have debit products -- have
American Express debit products. They just tend to get used more locally within country as opposed to
around the world.

And it's important, at some point, we will have a lot of traveling Chinese card members, and it's important
that they're able to use all the products that we -- that our partners issue to them all around the world,
and debit being one of them.

Operator

We'll go next to the line of Rick Shane with JPMorgan.

Richard Barry Shane
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I know you guys have been on here a while. One of the consequences of the Card Act was that it shifted
the competitive landscape from offering lower rates to higher rewards. And we think, at the peak of the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2021

GFC recovery, that was particularly challenging for AXP because it had the impact of basically causing
industry offers to converge to your core value propositions.

One of the responses we saw from you is that you moved on to your front foot in terms of targeting
millennials for card acquisition. I'm curious, as we sort of enter this new period of expansion and all
of your competitors are talking about growth, what are the lessons you learned last cycle? And either
tactically or strategically, how will you respond?

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Well, I have a different version of the Card Act than you do. I think our competitors got into this more
after the financial crisis when they really looked at this and said, "This was a very attractive business."

The reality is the Card Act had a lot less impact on us because, remember, 80% of our revenues are not
from interest. And the fact that interest rates, especially on prior balances, were now controlled, really,
had less impact on us than it did at our competitors. Our competitors wound up just growing their overall
business. And one of the first things they did is hire a lot of people from American Express to do that.

But, look, I think that the lessons that we've learned over time -- and look, I've always said this, we
welcome competition. The lessons that we learned over time is you need to continue to focus in on what
your customer needs are and how your customer is changing and evolving. And this is why, when I took
over, one of the first things I said is we're going to go to a strategy of refreshing our products on a real
ongoing basis. You cannot have your Green Card sit out there for 30 years and think it's still as relevant 30
years ago as it is today.

Millennials was really not as much a Card Act. Millennials was us opening our eyes to the fact that our
value proposition had a much broader appeal, and I think that we really started to communicate that. And
look -- and I've said this publicly before, I think your company there did a great job of really highlighting
premium cards. I'm talking about JPMorgan, and Gordon and his team did a fantastic job of highlighting
premium cards to millennials, and our value proposition played remarkably well there. And as I just said,
60% of our cards that we just acquired are millennials.

I think we had to expand our aperture, and we did that. We expanded that aperture, and we realized that
the value proposition that we had could have a wider audience and could have a wider target, and we've
done that, and we will continue to do that. You will continue to see that from a multicultural perspective.
You will continue to see that from millennials. You'll continue to see that with women as well.

So I think what we learned is that -- since then is that there is a broader market for our products than we
initially thought, number one. Number two, you always have to keep innovating, and you have to innovate
on a regular cycle basis. You can't stand on your laurels. And I would say that we learned more from some
of our trials and tribulations with Costco than we did from the Card Act.

Operator

Our final question will come from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.

Sanjay Harkishin Sakhrani
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Most of my questions have been asked, but just a quick one on credit. Jeff, I think you mentioned you're
still weighting towards the negative -- or higher weighting towards the negative scenario in your reserve
calculation. I'm just curious sort of how realistic that is given sort of where we are, and we're looking at
delinquency rates here and the building momentum. Maybe you could just talk about that.

And then just one quick one on the expenses. You mentioned the venture gains helping expenses this
quarter. I mean, should we just view it as a onetime gain? Or how should we think about that? Was that
spent?

Jeffrey C. Campbell

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2021

Chief Financial Officer

So on credit, Sanjay, you're correct. For the purposes of our accounting credit reserve, we did significantly
weighed a downside scenario, and I think that's in keeping with a little bit of a regulatory view where you
have the Federal Reserve saying to all banks, "We're still a little. Why don't we see a little bit more time
pass before we free everyone to go back to returning to your appropriate capital levels?"

So we thought it was appropriate to be that conservative. But to be clear, the reserve that we have on the
books implies that some -- that steady recovery that we're in the midst of now just stops, and things get
worse. So if it doesn't, then you would expect to see more reserves.

The only other comment I'd make is it's April 23. You're already at the point of the year where you really
can't, for the most part, see write-offs go up significantly this year. Even if that stuff happens, the actual
write-offs would go into next year.

On OpEx, yes, we did have a $377 million gain on the really great portfolio we have of fintech
investments. We have about 50 different companies we have holdings in. We do partnerships with those
companies. It's really all about those partnerships. But market has been pretty frothy lately, so there was
a big gain on a couple of those companies this quarter.

There's also some offsets when the equity markets are frothy. Our deferred comp balances are a bit of an
offset or a hedge almost to the equity investments. I would really think of it, Sanjay, mostly as a onetime
sort of thing.

This year, the reality is we're not focused on any particular EPS outcome. What we're focused on is, to the
extent we have good investment opportunities, you will see us use the financial strength that we have
right now to pursue those opportunities because we are laser-focused and increasingly confident of the
aspiration we have for 2022.

Vivian Y. Zhou
Senior VP & Head of Investor Relations

With that, we will bring the call to an end. Thank you again for joining today's call and for your continued
interest in American Express. The IR team will be available for any follow-up questions.

Allan, back to you.

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, the webcast replay will be available on our Investor Relations website at
ir.americanexpress.com shortly after the call. You can also access the digital replay of the call at (866)
207-1041 or (402) 970-0847, access code 3411494 after 12:00 p.m. Eastern time today, April 23 through
midnight, April 30.
That will conclude our conference call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

