American Express Company NYSE:AXP
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, April 24, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.67

-

(75.45 %)

1.76

6.27

8.11

Revenue  (mm)

10662.27

10310.00

(3.30 %)

10306.93

42755.94

46318.24

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-24-2020 1:30 AM GMT

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.02

2.02

2.01

1.67

2.07

2.08

2.03

-

2.48 %

2.97 %

1.00 %

(75.45 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 24, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Vivian Y. Zhou
Investors

ANALYSTS

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Bill Carcache
Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.,
Research Division

Craig Jared Maurer
Autonomous Research LLP

Ryan Matthew Nash
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Donald James Fandetti
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Sanjay Harkishin Sakhrani
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Eric Edmund Wasserstrom
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Mark C. DeVries
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Moshe Ari Orenbuch
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Richard Barry Shane
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Robert Paul Napoli
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 24, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the American Express Q1 2020 Earnings
Call. [Operator Instructions]

As a reminder, today's call is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Head of Investor Relations, Ms. Vivian Zhou.
Please go ahead.

Vivian Y. Zhou
Investors

Thank you, Alan, and thank you all for joining today's call. As a reminder, before we begin, today's
discussion contains forward-looking statements about the company's future business and financial
performance. These are based on management's current expectations and are subject to risks and
uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements are
included in today's presentation slides and in our reports on file with the SEC.

The discussion today also contains non-GAAP financial measures. The comparable GAAP financial
measures are included in this quarter's earnings materials as well as the earnings materials for the prior
periods we discussed. All of these are posted on our website at ir.americanexpress.com.

We will begin today with Steve Squeri, Chairman and CEO, who will start with some remarks about the
company's key priorities for 2020 in light of the COVID-19 pandemic; and then Jeff Campbell, Chief
Financial Officer, will provide review of our first quarter financial performance. After that, we will move to a
Q&A session on the results with both Steve and Jeff.

With that, let me turn it over to Steve.

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Vivian. Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining us on the call today. First of all, I hope you and
your families are healthy and staying safe as we go through this COVID-19 crisis.

As we said on our investor call on March 17, we're in unprecedented times. Our results in January and
February continued the strong trends we've seen over the past 10 quarters, but we're now operating in
a very different world. The deterioration in the economy due to COVID-19 impacts that began during the
first quarter and accelerated in April has dramatically impacted our volumes.

Looking ahead, it's impossible to know when the economy will improve. In the meantime, we're focused
on supporting our colleagues and customers while remaining financially strong so that we could be in a
position to grow when the crisis ends.

Jeff will take you through some detail on how this environment is impacting various components of our
financial results. My comments will focus on what we're doing to manage the company through the near
term so that we can be in a position to take advantage of the growth opportunities that will be available
when the economy improves.

Last year, as many economists were predicting an economic slowdown at some point, we put together a
plan for managing through a range of potential economic scenarios, and we modeled what our response
might look like in those scenarios. Of course, the economic situation we're facing right now is nothing like
those we modeled. However, we developed a framework that we're using to guide us in managing the
company through the short term as we plan for the future.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 24, 2020

Our framework for managing through this cycle is built on 4 principles you will see on Slide 2: supporting
our colleagues and winning as a team, protecting our customers and our brand, structuring the company
for growth in the future and remaining financially strong. I'll spend a few minutes talking about each of
these principles, which represent our priorities for 2020.

Turning to Slide 3. From day 1 of this crisis, our priority has been to take care of our people, the 64,000
American Express colleagues around the world. We wanted to ensure our colleagues felt secure in their
jobs, which is why we committed to no COVID-19-related layoffs for the remainder of 2020. In addition,
we're continuing to pay the salaries of colleagues who are affected by the virus without having to use their
paid leave. We also committed to paying all out-of-pocket COVID-related medical expenses for colleagues
in our U.S. medical plans.

As the virus spread rapidly around the world, we wanted to keep our colleagues safe and secure. So we
moved quickly to a full-time work-from-home arrangement in all our locations, including thousands of our
frontline service colleagues.

A core value of our company from our earliest days has been supporting the communities from -- where
we do business and where our colleagues live and work. When the COVID-19 pandemic hit, we committed
over $6 million in grants of the American Express Foundation to a number of charitable organizations
around the world that are supporting frontline workers in this crisis. We also pledged to match more than
$1 million in Card Member donations to Feeding America when U.S. Card Members use their Membership
Rewards points to donate through -- to the organization through justgiving.com. In addition, we're
working with our partners to support our communities. For example, we're partnering with Hilton to
donate up to 1 million hotel room nights to frontline medical professionals across the U.S. And we're
backing Marriott's Rooms for Responders initiative to provide a home base for health care professionals in
some of the hardest-hit regions.

The next principle is protecting our customers and our brand. Our global customer base is one of our
most important assets. And like everyone, they're going through a difficult time right now. We're offering
a range of financial assistance options to help our customers weather the storm, adding new product
benefits to be relevant in today's environment and continuing to provide the world-class customer service
our customers expect and rely on. Our consumer and small business Card Members are taking advantage
of the various short-term financial assistance options we offer to help them navigate through this period,
including temporary payment deferrals, interest and late-fee waivers and protections from collection calls
and negative credit bureau reporting. We also offer a range of longer-term assistance programs for certain
customers who require more time. We're expanding eligibility for these programs and enhancing them to
provide for additional payment flexibility based on a customer's circumstances.

To enable our U.S. small business customers to obtain the financial assistance provided under the
SBA's Paycheck Protection program, we've been authorized as an SBA PPP lender and began to accept
applications from our customers earlier this week, which we'll submit to the SBA as soon as that window
opens.

In addition to our financial assistance initiatives, we've enhanced our Membership Rewards programs, and
we're adding new offers, benefits and rewards to our premium products that are particularly relevant for
the times we're in now. For example, since people are not currently traveling, eating out or shopping in
store, we've adjusted our MR program to include discounts in Amazon when you pay with points and the
ability to earn double points with orders from Grubhub and Seamless through the end of the year. We're
also adding a range of limited-time offers, credits and rewards on stay-at-home services, such as wireless,
streaming, grocery and food delivery for our consumer and certain co-brand card customers as well as
business essentials like wireless office equipment and shipping for our small business customers.

For our co-brand customers, we're also working with our partners to extend Card Member benefits, such
as airline companion certificates and hotel free night awards, so our mutual customers will have more time
to enjoy these benefits.

And for our travel customers, we're waiving fees for any flight changes or new bookings made through
American Express Travel now through May 31.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 24, 2020

In addition to our Card Members, we're supporting small businesses, as we have for many years, through
Shop Small initiatives like Small Business Saturday and many others around the world. During the
COVID-19 crisis, we're continuing to promote the positive impact consumers can have on their local
communities and small businesses through our Stay Home and Shop Small campaign.

Earlier this week, we launched Stand for Small in the U.S., a coalition of more than 40 companies across
various industries that have come together to back small businesses by providing a wide range of offers,
complementary services, access to corporate assistance programs and other resources designed to help
support them as they manage through the crisis. We look forward to many more companies joining this
initiative over the coming weeks.

For our merchant partners, we're also temporarily extending the amount of time businesses must respond
to disputes and have increased contactless transaction thresholds to reduce physical contact at the point
of sale in 28 countries.

Finally, our customer care professionals made a quick transition from our brick-and-mortar operation to
a home-based servicing one, and we did so with minimal disruption. In fact, our servicing levels quickly
came back to BAU levels, and our customer satisfaction results improved during the crisis and are at
significantly higher levels now than in January.

Our next principle is structuring the company for future growth. While we believe that the COVID-19
pandemic will generate certain changes in our business in the near term and likely over the long
term, it will also generate opportunities. And we intend to be in a position to take advantage of the
opportunities as they present themselves. We're starting with a strong foundation. The assets we have,
our differentiated business model, particularly our brands, our customers and our merchant network, give
us a great base to build upon.

In addition, the strategic imperatives we've been focused on over the past few years remain just as
relevant today. And while we'll make some adjustments considering the current environment, we'll
continue to pursue our overall strategies in the following areas: expanding our leadership in the premium
consumer space; building on our strong position in commercial payments; strengthening our global,
integrated network to provide unique value; and making American Express an essential part of our
customers' digital lives.

As the crisis unfolded, we knew that we had to reprioritize our investments in each of these areas to
focus on those initiatives that are critical to retaining our premium customer base and strengthening our
merchant network while, at the same time, continuing to invest in those areas that are key to our long-
term growth strategy. This led us to a thorough and thoughtful process to identify activities that we should
stop, slow, accelerate and continue.

What we're stopping for the time being includes items that are less critical in today's environment,
including traditional advertising, marketing, sponsorships and customer acquisition activities. We're
slowing down the development and launch of some of the new products we had in the pipeline for this
year. We're accelerating investments in mobile, servicing and credit and collections capabilities that are not
only important today but are also important for our continued growth over the longer term.

And we're continuing our activities in a number of areas, including acquiring new merchants globally, our
ongoing efforts to launch our new network in China, our network replatforming initiative, our premium
product refresh strategy in both consumer and commercial and continuing to integrate and develop new
digital capabilities as well as making longer-term enhancements in our servicing platform and other key
areas that are important for our future success.

Finally, we entered this crisis with particularly strong capital and liquidity positions that will enable us to
remain financially strong. While some of our expense categories, such as rewards cost and the cost of
Card Member services, will decline automatically as spending declines and customer behaviors change,
we're taking aggressive actions to reduce discretionary expenses across the enterprise by nearly $3 billion
from our original plan in the areas I mentioned before, and we are redirecting some of those funds into
new product benefits and longer-term investments I described a few moments ago.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 24, 2020

Looking ahead, in the near term, our earnings will be driven by the answers to 2 questions that no one
can now -- no one yet can answer. First, when and how strongly the spending rebound as the global
economy recovers? Second, how long do the challenges of high unemployment levels and small business
shutdowns last, perhaps softened by the record levels of government support? And what does that mean
for our credit losses? Until we all get to the answers to these questions, we're reducing our spending in
every area that doesn't make sense in the current environment, consistent with our intention to not have
any COVID-related layoffs in 2020 and consistent with our intention of protecting our customers and the
brand.

So those are our principles we've established for managing through this period in a way that will position
us to return to growth when the economy rebounds. Without a doubt, these are times that are unlike
any that I've countered in my 35 years at American Express. But while the magnitude and uncertainty
of today's challenges are more intense, the lessons we've learned through other crises will serve us well
as we work through this one. As always, we'll remain focused on what we can control in the short term
while keeping an eye on the long term. And like before, we intend to come back stronger. Our teams are
working day and night all over the world to help our Card Members and our merchants, just as we have
done throughout our history. And when this is over, we intend to be in a position of strength ready to
capitalize on the opportunities ahead because we've managed the short-term challenges while remaining
focused on growth over the longer term.

Thank you for your time, and now I'll turn it over to Jeff.

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'll take you through our results with more
real-time granularity on recent trends than I normally do to help you understand how our business is
performing in this rapidly evolving environment.

Starting with our summary financials, I'd encourage you to look at Slides 4 and 5 together. As you can see
on Slide 5, while January and February were strong months, March was a very different month. And so the
full quarter results are not so helpful for understanding our performance in the current environment.

As you'll recall, when we held our investor update on March 17, we said we expected first quarter earnings
per share, excluding credit reserves, would be between $1.90 and $2.10, and that's where we've landed.
We also said we expected FX-adjusted revenue growth would be in the 2% to 4% range, but we came in a
bit below that due to spending trends at the end of March deteriorating even faster than we had expected
as well as some of our ancillary revenue lines coming in a bit lower than expected.

Turning now to the details of our performance, I'll start with billed business. Clearly, it is remarkable how
much the world has changed in just the last 1.5 months. What's most important as you think about the
near-term future is understanding what's happening today. And so we've included a different view of our
billed business than our typical quarterly disclosures, which you can still find in the Appendix on Slides
25 to 27. Instead, on Slides 6 and 7, we have shown you our weekly proprietary billed business growth
trends through the latest date for which our data is complete, which is April 19.

Looking at all this data, there are 4 key observations I'd make. First, the volume declines accelerated
dramatically in March, whereas January and February results were still in line with our performance over
the last few years. Second, T&E, which was roughly 30% of our proprietary volumes in 2019, is down
almost 95%. Third, non-T&E spending has declined more modestly. As you'd expect, some areas, such
as grocery spending and some online commerce, have held up quite well and even accelerated, whereas
other categories, such as other categories of more traditional retail, have been much weaker. And fourth,
you will see that our proprietary billings declines seem to have stabilized somewhat in April, with overall
proprietary volume growth down around 45%.

Turning next to loan performance on Slide 8. Total loans declined by 3% year-over-year in the first quarter
driven primarily by lower spending. In today's environment, where there are so many questions around
credit, we felt it would be helpful to remind you about the composition of our loan book. At the end

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 24, 2020

of the first quarter, 70% of our outstanding loan balances were with U.S. consumers, 10% were with
international consumers and the remaining 20% were with small businesses, almost all of which are in the
U.S.

Moving on to Slide 9. We wanted to spend a minute focusing on our charge receivables. Because in an
environment where spending volumes move dramatically, these balances move dramatically as well.

As you can see in the chart on the left, with only 1 month of spend declines, our charge receivables are
down 21% versus the prior year and $13 billion below the prior quarter. This dynamic is important as you
think about liquidity and capital in this environment, which I will get to later in my remarks.

Of course, our charge receivables also have a different risk profile than our lending book. And even
within our charge receivables book, there are different types of credit exposure. And so we've included a
breakout of where these charge receivables come from on the right-hand side of the slide. Around 35%
of our charge receivables are from consumer charge Card Members and another 35% are from small
business charge Card Members. The remaining 30% is from corporate cards, which have relatively lower
risk exposure.

Slide 10 then shows our traditional credit metrics for our lending and charge portfolios. The trends in both
write-offs and delinquencies in the first quarter were solid and remained best in class, in part due to all of
our risk management efforts over the past few years to prepare for an eventual downturn.

You do see a modest increase in write-off and delinquency rates year-over-year and sequentially primarily
due to lower loan and receivable balances as opposed to any significant change in credit performance.
Further, were you to look at our TDR disclosures in our Q1 10-Q, those balances are also relatively in line
with the prior quarter.

Now obviously, our traditional credit metrics all look fine because not enough time has passed for things
to show up in these traditional metrics. What we are all trying to manage going forward is the collision of
record levels of unemployment combined with record levels of government support.

So turning to Slide 11, you will see the total balances that are enrolled in our customer pandemic
relief program, which we established to support our customers that have encountered hardship due to
COVID-19.

Since we created this program in March, we've had nearly 845,000 accounts enroll in the program globally
through mid-April, just a few days ago. I'd also note that over 88% of the U.S. consumer and small
business loan and receivable balances enrolled in this program are from prime and super-prime Card
Members. And many of those Card Members have made some payments since enrollment. In addition,
we've seen the pace of new enrollments slow a bit from its peak a few weeks ago.

We are working hard alongside these customers to get to the best outcome for both our customers and
our shareholders by providing payment deferrals, waiving interest and certain fees as well as protecting
them from adverse bureau reporting and collections actions. We are also working, as people roll off these
short-term programs, to develop new, longer-term solutions as well as leveraging our preexisting hardship
programs to help them retain their membership and to get to a good financial outcome.

So one of the many uncertainties around the economic future is the outcome of those efforts, which will be
one of the factors that influences our credit performance through this crisis.

So let's move on to provision on Slide 12. The first point I would make is that just as our credit metrics
were relatively unchanged in the first quarter, our write-off dollars were also in line with our original
expectations and do not yet reflect the incremental stress from the current crisis. The growth in provision
expense is all about the $1.7 billion credit reserve build. And the credit reserve build is all about the
macroeconomic outlook as we close the books in early April, which was suddenly and significantly
much more pessimistic than when we started the year. This outlook does attempt to incorporate all the
uncertainties around the impacts of COVID-19 as well as any potential offsets from the unprecedented
level of government stimulus.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 24, 2020

So turning then to Slide 13, you see that our reserves at the end of the first quarter are almost double the
reserve levels we had on our balance sheet at the end of last year. The increase is from a combination of
the $1.2 billion of reserves we built when we implemented the Current Expected Credit Loss accounting
methodology, CECL, on January 1 as well as the $1.7 billion of credit reserves we added at the end of the
first quarter as a result of the worsening macroeconomic outlook due to COVID-19.

Today, our lending and charge credit reserves on the balance sheet represent 7% of our loan balances and
1% of our charge receivable balances, respectively.

So the key underpinning of these reserves are the macroeconomic assumptions that informed the $1.7
billion credit reserve build we took in the first quarter, which we show you on Slide 14.

As you know, we do not have an in-house economist, and so we use an external provider and look at a
range of macroeconomic forecasts that we weight together in our credit reserve models. When we close
the books on the first quarter, those scenarios assumed that GDP would be down 18% to 25% and the
unemployment rate would rise to 9% to 13% in the second quarter with a steady, modest recovery after
that. It's important to note that the latest macroeconomic outlook today reflects an even more significant
deterioration in U.S. GDP and unemployment than when we closed the books on the first quarter. If those
forecasts were to hold or even worsen by the time we close the books on the second quarter, we would
expect to have another large reserve build.

So this gives you a clearer view of the assumptions behind our Q1 reserve build. But only time will tell
what the ultimate level of write-offs will be given the completely unprecedented nature of the global
environment.

Turning next to revenue on Slide 15. Net card fees remained our fastest-growing revenue line with 18%
growth in the first quarter. We expect this revenue line to decelerate less in the short term relative to
other revenue lines based on our historical experience with strong card fee performance in a downturn
as well as the fact that we have roughly $2 billion of deferred card fee revenue already sitting on the
balance sheet today. However, it's also important to note that the majority of the card fee growth we've
seen over the past few years has been driven by growth in our fee-based portfolios, with around 70% of
our new card acquisitions in 2019 on fee-based products. As the pace of new account growth slows in this
environment, we would expect to see a modest slowdown in net card fee growth over time.

Net interest income growth of 13% was faster than the 3% average loan growth we saw in the first
quarter driven by a modest tailwind from interest rate reductions year-over-year as well as continued yield
benefits from mix and pricing for risk. The details around average AR and yield trends can be found in the
appendix on Slide 28. In addition, as I mentioned earlier in my remarks, we saw softness in some ancillary
revenue lines, particularly from travel-related revenue streams that are relatively immaterial and typically
don't change much quarter-to-quarter but were down significantly year-over-year in the first quarter.

Turning then to the largest component of our revenue, discount revenue. I'd move you ahead to Slide 16.
As you can see on the right, discount revenue declined 5% for the full quarter and 27% in the month of
March. The contraction in discount revenue was larger than the decline in billed business. On average, we
earn higher discount revenues from our T&E merchants than we do from our non-T&E merchants. So given
the much larger declines we are seeing in T&E spend, the divergence in T&E and non-T&E billing trends
drove a 3 basis point decline in the average discount rate in the first quarter and a 10 basis point decline
in the average discount rate in March relative to the prior year. Looking forward, if the spending trends we
see in early April persist with T&E spending down about 95% for the entirety of the second quarter, our
discount rate erosion in the second quarter could be as much as 14 to 18 basis points.

Now let's talk about our expenses. When you think about our cost structure, you've got the costs that
come down naturally as spend declines and certain behaviors change. And when you look at the 3
customer engagement expense lines shown on Slide 17, you see this dynamic in the sequential change in
growth between 2019 and the first quarter of 2020.

One way you might think about this dynamic in the current environment is that as our revenue goes down
in the near term, you could see about a 50% offset to the revenue movement in these lines.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 24, 2020

Other expenses, such as marketing and OpEx, move based on management decisions. As Steve discussed,
in light of the current environment, we're aggressively reducing costs across the enterprise. In fact, we're
cutting discretionary expenses through the end of the year by $3 billion relative to our original plans.
We're also choosing to selectively reinvest some of these savings in initiatives that are key to our long-
term growth strategy.

Looking at Slide 18, you see that the environment in March changed too quickly for us to see a significant
impact from these decisions in our first quarter marketing and operating expenses. So let me explain how
we expect those cost reductions to impact these lines from a year-over-year standpoint going forward.

In the balance of the year, we expect to dramatically reduce our proactive marketing efforts and reinvest
in the additional product benefits that Steve spoke about in his opening remarks while reducing many
other costs. As a result, I would expect our operating expenses to be down about $1 billion year-over-
year cumulatively over the next 3 quarters. On the marketing line, we are funding the additional product
benefit adjustments that Steve discussed with our other marketing cuts. The net of the 2 should result in a
modest reduction in marketing investment levels relative to last year.

Moving last to capital on Slide 19. As Steve mentioned earlier, we are entering the current crisis with a
strong capital position. Our CET1 ratio was 11.7% at the end of the first quarter, above our 10% to 11%
CET1 target range. The sequential growth in our CET1 ratio was driven by the countercyclical nature
of our balance sheet. As our balance sheet shrinks with declining AR and loan balances in the current
environment, our risk-weighted assets drop accordingly. I would also note that our first quarter CET1 ratio
includes a roughly 80 basis point impact from the 5-year transition option made available under the Fed
rule to delay any capital effects of CECL until 2022.

We repurchased $0.9 billion worth -- $900 million worth of shares in the first quarter but have suspended
our share repurchase program as of mid-March, and we do not expect to resume share repurchases for
the time being given the current environment. However, with our strong capital position, we have the
capacity and intend to continue to pay our dividend in the second quarter.

Turning to Slide 20. The countercyclical nature of our business is also reflected in our particularly strong
liquidity position during the first quarter. Our cash and investments balance increased from $32 billion to
$41 billion in Q1 driven mainly by the decline in AR and loans. We also saw strong demand for personal
savings deposits during the first quarter even as we adjusted pricing given the current rate environment.
Our personal savings deposit base is up 6% versus the prior quarter and up 16% year-over-year.

Putting it all together, our capital funding and liquidity positions are strong, and we have significant
flexibility to maintain a strong balance sheet in periods of uncertainty or stress.

In summary, we are certainly in unprecedented times. And looking ahead, it's impossible to forecast
our financial results for the rest of the year without knowing the answer to the 2 questions Steve posed
earlier: when and how quickly the economy improves and what happens to unemployment and the
pace of small business recovery. Until then, we're focused on supporting our colleagues and customers,
prudently managing our risk exposure and expense base and ensuring that our capital and liquidity levels
stay strong so that we can take advantage of the inevitable rebound for our customers, colleagues and
shareholders.
With that, I'll turn the call back over to Vivian.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 24, 2020

Question and Answer

Vivian Y. Zhou
Investors

Thank you, Jeff. [Operator Instructions]

And with that, the operator will now open up the line for questions. Operator?

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.

Sanjay Harkishin Sakhrani
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

And I hope you guys are well. I want to follow up on the cost reduction commentary. And I'm curious,
Steve and Jeff, you mentioned these are unprecedented times and a lot of the situation is fluid. I mean
if things continue to remain as depressed as they are or even get worse, how much more can you cut on
costs? Because it seems like you're selectively still making some investments here. Is there room to take
down costs further than you've outlined?

And just on a related note, as we think about your card product orientation being travel and entertainment
driven, I mean, do you see people sort of shifting away to other cards as a result? And are there any
proactive strategies that you can employ as a result?

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Okay. So let me -- it's a very slick way of asking 2 questions, but let me answer the second one first.

I think what's important to understand with our card base is that 73% of our spending is on non-T&E. And
while you look at the benefits that we do have on our card base, what our Card Members really appreciate
is experiences of all type, great service and our brand. And what you'll see coming out in early May is
actual product refreshes to a number of our products, which will infuse additional value in addition to the
value that a card may have. So if you look at our Platinum Card where you have fine hotels and resorts
and you have Uber credits and you have other travel benefits and lounges and so forth, you will see other
enhancements there, from wireless to streaming to maybe some other types of travel credits, which can
be used in the future over a time period.

But I think what you'll also see in the short term is Card Members using that and using the points. In
the longer term, I think here's where our product refresh strategy really does help us, because we will
continue to modify products as the environment continues to change and morph. And so we think some of
those benefits will come back over to -- some of the benefits that Card Members use will come back over
time. So I don't think that we will see people switch products.

And just a comment on the co-brand product, [indiscernible] of our co-brand spend is off the co-brand
partner. So if you think about Delta, you think about Marriott, you think about Hilton, it's less than 10%
of that spending is actually at those properties for those particular things. And so what I would say is
we will continue to evaluate, we'll continue to monitor, but you will see value injection going back into
these products. And historically -- and these are not historical times, but historically, there's a tremendous
resiliency in our fee-based portfolios. And so you'll see a lot of fee -- you'll see a lot of value injection into
those fee-based cards, as I had mentioned before.

The one thing I will say, and then I'll let Jeff talk sort of technically to the cost, what I think is critically
important for us is that we support our customers.

I mean I started out during this crisis, we moved rapidly to get our colleagues out of our facilities. Within
a 2-week time period, we were basically 100% virtual around the world. The only people you'll find in

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 24, 2020

our buildings today are security people and maintenance people and not a lot of them. And so we rapidly
moved that.

Once we did that, our next focus really turned to our customers. And what was really important through
this crisis and through any crisis, and I've talked about this over the last sort of 10 quarters or so, is that
it was important for us to protect our brand, it was important for us to be there for our customers and
it was important for us to stick with those initiatives that inevitably would be important when this crisis
ended. Merchant coverage will be important. Our efforts in China will be important. Our platform initiatives
will be important. And so while we are very focused on staying financially strong, we're also focused on
ensuring that when this crisis is over, we have been there for our customers and are ready to continue to
hit the ground running.

And so we talked a lot about what we stopped, what we accelerated and what we've slowed down. And I'll
tell you the $3 billion of cost that we cut out of our plan, and I've been doing cost cutting for decades at
this company, was probably one of the largest cost cuts that we've ever done. And this is not a run rate
number. This was $3 billion out of the plan in the next 8 months. And some of that money will be put back
in for value injection. So the reality is, is there more to go? It has always more to go. There will always be
more to go.

We decided to do no layoffs. And the reason we decided to do no layoffs is -- there's numerous reasons for
that. Number one is humanitarian aspect of this. Number two is the disruption. To try and lay off people
in a virtual environment is nearly impossible. And number three, we don't know what the world is going to
look like. And so while we're not going to take layoffs off the table for the future, we certainly are taking
layoffs off the table for the rest of the year.

I'll let Jeff comment on sort of the technical aspect of where we have it -- where we have that opportunity.
But you saw a large reduction year-over-year in operating costs, and most of your models assumed
growth in operating costs. So that came right out as well. But Jeff, let me turn it to you.

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer

Well, the only thing I'd add, Steve, is to your point, you can always react further, Sanjay, to the
environment. And we asked ourselves 2 questions on cost. We took out everything we didn't need to
support customers, as Steve said, and we left things in or we cut everything that couldn't be put back
quickly or that we made sure we weren't cutting things that couldn't be put back quickly in the inevitable
rebound.

The other point I would make is we're not hiring people today. So the reality is, when you have 64,000
people and you stop external hiring, with each passing quarter, our costs will be going down.

And also, with these passing quarters -- since you raised the question is what if the world really radically
changes and stays down for a long time, with each passing quarter, our view of what we might need to put
back is going to change. So we will continue to react.

Operator

It will come from Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo.

Donald James Fandetti
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Steve, certainly good to see your billed business growth stabilizing in April. I was wondering if you could
talk a little bit about -- coming out of the crisis in '09, you guys took share. A lot of the banks were short
in capital or struggling with capital issues. Do you think -- how do you think the competitive dynamic looks
on the other side of this? And do you think that you can be opportunistic and take share?

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 24, 2020

Well, Don, certainly, that's the intent. I mean that's the intent, as Jeff just said, about not shutting down
these channels. If you shut down completely your acquisition channels, whether that be digital, whether
that be direct mail, if you start cutting your sales organization and so forth, obviously it's going to be hard
to do that.

It's hard to say where our competitors are overall in their overall business. Our business is, as you know,
very monolithic. We are -- the only piece of our business that we have to focus on is the credit card
business, whether that is corporate, small business and premium consumer.

How this whole pandemic plays out across all the other aspects of the financial services industry is yet
to be seen. What's going to be the impact on commercial real estate, commercial lending, car loans,
mortgages, so forth and so on?

Traditionally, what's happened is, we had bounced back a lot quicker. Our card base tends to be a lot more
resilient, and there is pent-up demand for our products and services. This is not a traditional environment
that we're in, but our intent is to come out of this very, very strong with our sales channels intact, with
our acquisition engines pumping and actually to take share as we did in '09 and as we did after the
Internet bubble. That's the intent, which is why we're sticking with a number of the growth initiatives.
And more importantly, while it's easy to cut back on merchant acquisition, when all of this is said and
done, people are going to have a huge pent-up desire to spend, and we want to make sure we're able to
continue to provide the access to all the alternatives that are available to spend at a merchant -- from a
merchant perspective.

Operator

Our next question will come from the line of Mark DeVries with Barclays.

Mark C. DeVries
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Yes. And I just want to thank you for the new slides. There are some very good disclaimers there.

So my question is on the impact of -- on the loan book. If we see billed business at these levels, what
sort of runoff should we expect? And what are the implications of that for a need to maybe resume share
repurchases to avoid getting too capital inefficient?

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer

Well, it's a good question, Mark. I think when you think about our loan book, there's, of course, a fair
amount of just transactors in there. So I think you will probably, if the world stays as it is today, see a
more significant decline in the loan book in the second quarter. Depending on how the world evolves, I
frankly pass that might expect a little bit more stabilization.

From a capital perspective, the thing we are really focused on is making sure we stay really strong
financially so we can be opportunistic about some of the things Steve was just talking about, trying
to gain some share in the inevitable rebound or other opportunities that might come up in the current
environment.

The last point I'd make is that does mean when growth resumes, the balance sheet then goes in the
opposite direction and it grows? So we need to make sure that we have enough capital to support very
rapid growth when the inevitable rebound happens.

And so what does that mean for share repurchase? Boy, I think, like so many things, Mark, we have to
take that quarter by quarter and see where we are.

Operator

Our next question will come from the line of Rick Shane with JPMorgan.

Richard Barry Shane

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 24, 2020

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Can you hear me?

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Yes.

Richard Barry Shane
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. Great. And I hope everybody is well there. When we look at the change in reserve, under CECL,
charge was going to be treated -- it was going to have a very favorable treatment. And there was a pretty
significant spike in the CECL in the reserve this quarter. I'm assuming that that's associated with small
business. Is that correct?

And the second part of that question is, is there an opportunity to move some of the charge product to
pay overtime to give some relief?

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer

So you're correct, Rick, that the charge reserves under CECL were actually, to remind everyone, a
reduction from the reserves we used to have under FAS 5, whereas, obviously, the lending reserves went
in the other direction.

You're also correct that when you look at charge and when you look at our loan book today, I think it's fair
to say that the sector that has shown the most immediate stress is small business, right? You shut down
small businesses and a savvy business owner is going to say, boy, I need to go into cash conservation
mode. And in many ways, what our pandemic relief programs are about is trying to help people through
that transition. And so the question really is how long do shutdowns last. Can we help bridge our small
business customers long enough to help them resume business? And we're exploring every possible
avenue about how you help them with payment terms and fee deferrals, et cetera, to help them come
back strong and help the economy grow. Yes.

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Yes. And I think the other thing from a small business perspective, these are people that are not used
to being in this situation at all. I mean you think about every other credit crisis we've ever had, no one
ever shut down -- we never shut down the economy, right? I mean things got hard, things got tough, but
we never shut down the economy. And when you look at our small businesses and you look at sort of the
credit profile of our small businesses, these are people that would have high FICO and they're prime and
super-prime as well much like consumers.

And if you look at our programs that we have, the programs are 1 to 3 months of relief, then we have
short-term programs and then we have our longer, hard -- excuse me, our longer hardship programs.
So I think when -- I think we'll be in good shape there because it's really getting people through this
tumultuous period.

As far as the charge product, the charge product has a pay-over-time feature. It’s called lending on
charge. And so people could use that. But they could also use one of our hardship programs. And I think
one of the things that we're really focused on is retaining membership at the end of this.

So what is the carrot at the end? These are good customers who are in a bad time through no fault of
their own, and we'd like to retain them as customers. And so as you look at our programs and how we're
structuring them, we're also structuring them with a way to return to the franchise over time. So that's in
answer to your other question.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 24, 2020

Our next question will be from Bill Carcache with Nomura.

Bill Carcache
Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division

Steve and Jeff, is there any indication that the customers who are filing for initial claims are broadly
representative of the Amex customer base? There's been some suggestion that a disproportionate
percentage of those filing are, for example, entry-level restaurant employees who may not be
representative of the Amex population. And therefore, some of the traditional relationships that we've
seen between initial claims and reserve building could break down. I would appreciate your thoughts on
that.

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer

Well, I think, Bill, I'd start by going back to something I said in my remarks, which is I think it's worth
noting that over 88% of the balances, U.S. consumer and small business enrolled in the program, are from
prime and super-prime Card Members. And this goes back, I think, Steve, to your point, but these are not
people who are used to being in stress. It's just such an unprecedented environment.

And so look, we'll have to see how this plays out, but these are good Card Members on the consumer side
and thriving businesses until they suddenly were forced by the government to shut down on the small
business side. And that's why we're really focused on working hard with them to help bridge the current
environment and also hopefully let some of the government programs kick in and help.

Operator

Our next question will be from Robert Napoli with William Blair.

Robert Paul Napoli
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Steve, Jeff, glad you guys are well and appreciate the call and all the additional detail. The world is -- I
mean, the post-COVID world is going to change, I think, at least somewhat. I'm sure we've all been on a
lot of Zoom calls or Microsoft Teams calls or whatever, but business travel has been an important part of
your business. I think consumer travel will return. The business travel may be less -- materially less. B2B
payments, I think you're involved in B2B payments and through several partnerships with the build.com or
several other companies, MineralTree, et cetera. But are you -- what are your thoughts on how the world
is going to change? And how does Amex prepare for that?

On the B2B payment side, are you seeing more demand for stuff like AP automation as well? I know it's a
small part of your business.

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So it's a great question. And we obviously listened to Ed Bastian's earnings call yesterday. And what
Ed said, it's probably going to take 3 years for travel to come back to where it is. And let's just put this in
context, I think, because I think that's really important.

When you think about our commercial payments business, the majority of our commercial payments
business is small business both in the U.S., international and middle market. And a majority of that is 80%
non-T&E with a focus on exactly what you talked about.

When you look at our corporate card business, our corporate card business is between 8% and 9% of our
overall billings. 60% of that is T&E. So you're looking at about 5% of our overall business which drives
a lower proportionate share of not only revenue but net income as well. I think that will slow down. But
remember, in T&E, you've got multiple components. You've got restaurants, you've got hotel, you've got
car rental and you do have air.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 24, 2020

And so I think we've all learned in this environment how to work virtually. It is amazing -- and we don't
use Zoom, but we do use Webex, but it is amazing to see everybody on a Webex screen. And quite
honestly, I think there'll be more of that. There'll be less of those trips that are needed. And so I think you
will see an inevitable decline in probably air travel. You'll still see people making trips in cars. You'll still
see people going to restaurants, albeit restaurants will probably be reconfigured in the short term. But in
the long term, I think it comes back pretty much to normal.

And so when you look at T&E, I think the travel piece of it and then the appropriate stay and the meal that
goes along will probably go down, and it'll be a little bit of a reset moment. But our focus really has been
on large corporate. And I said this before, not a lot of people were sort of driving T&E high. I mean they
were sort of looking to maintain T&E to reduce T&E. And our focus with large corporate has been on B2B
payments.

What we have seen in this short period of time is more automation of B2B payments. It is a small part
of our business. But with -- in a virtual environment, it has gone up significantly. I mean not significantly
enough to drive our overall volumes at this particular point in time, but it is amazing how much it's gone
up from an automation perspective with our acompay acquisition, with our integrations into Build.com
and MineralTree and Sage and others like SAP. So I think you'll see more of a focus on that. I think you'll
see more spending there. And I think you will see an inevitable decline in some of the business travel and
entertainment.

I think the consumer travel will come back over time. And I think the other thing is I am really happy with
sort of the co-brand partners that we have. And Ed talked about this on his call yesterday in that from an
airline perspective, safety will be defined in multiple ways now. Safety was defined from a maintenance
perspective, but it's also now going to be defined on how you treat your customers within the plane. It's
going to be how you treat your customers within the hotel property. And I think when I think about Ed and
Arne and Chris Nassetta, we're of equal minds there from a way to treat our customers. And so I think
you'll see a premiumness return actually to air travel, and I think that plays well for our customer base as
well.

And I think in this time, I think our acquisition of Resy is going to play really well in the short term as
restaurants will probably reduce capacity and it will be harder to get reservations. And we'll be able to
utilize, as we talk about access and experiences, our assets to be able to help our Card Members get into
and experience some of the great restaurants that are around this country.

Operator

Our next question will come from the line of Moshe Orenbuch with Crédit Suisse.

Moshe Ari Orenbuch
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I wanted to follow up on that, Steve, because I think that you made some interesting points at the
beginning about issues around your co-branded programs and the spending being kind of around outside
of the partner and the comments about -- that you just made about kind of being special and at the top of
the pile.

But I guess the question that I have is, the fees that you just raised on a lot of those co-brands, the high-
end cards, the actual benefits that the partner provides, whether it's Delta or one of the hotel chains, kind
of are going to be less valuable to people at this point. And so how do you think about what people do,
whether they down-tier or actually shift their spending to another card? And how does that process work?

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I think what you'll see in the coming weeks is you'll see other benefits that will be added to those
cards to sort of balance out the value. I mean look, we're very focused on it. Obviously, if you go in a
blog, a blog is very focused on what is the value that you get for what you're paying. And so you'll see

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 24, 2020

enhancements to those cards that are not specifically either air or hotel related and, in particular, to those
cards where fees were raised.

And so you'll see extensions on benefits, but you'll also see other things that are non-hotel, non-
air related which will provide more utility to the card in general. I mean people have those cards to
accumulate points for hotel stays, for airline and for so forth. But I think, as I said and you just pointed
out again, 90% of that spend is in other areas. And so what we'll do is we'll enhance those products so
that the value propositions are more in an equilibrium to what the environment is today.

And that's what we'll continue to do, which is why I think having built the DNA in the company now to
constantly refresh products is very important. And not just constantly refresh them on a sort of we run a
3- to 4-year cycle, but the ability within a couple of months now to add other benefits and to add other
credits and other access and things like that will serve us well as we go through this because we're going
to watch it very carefully. We're going to work with our partners very carefully to put those benefits that
will continue to maintain the value and continue to maintain the price value that we strive to have with
these cards.

So I think it's a great question, and that's what the teams are working on with our partners.

Operator

Next question will be from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Steve and Jeff, I know we spoke a little bit earlier about small business. It is the single biggest question
that I get on American Express ranging from credit quality questions to persistency of the business as we
go through this COVID crisis.

So I just wondered if you could refresh your comments with some more details around the -- how you see
the credit quality, the different industries that are really dominating your small business portfolios. And if
you could help us understand how long you feel your partners or your small business customers are set up
to endure this shutdown that they have to deal with.

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer

Well, maybe I'll start, Betsy, with a few comments, and then Steve can chime in.

So I am going to start by reciting for a third time the statistic I pointed out earlier that when you look
across both consumer and small business, because many of our small business Card Members, well, they
run their small business on a card, they still have credit scores and personal FICO scores we can track. So
88% of those people are prime and super-prime. And I just think that's an important first thing to think
about. Second, we have, I think, a lot more diversity in our small business Card Members than perhaps
many people realize.

And so, Steve, you were just talking earlier about the importance of restaurants to our value propositions
and our partnership with Resy.

If you look at our open Card Members, that's -- actually, restaurants are a fairly immaterial part of the
Card Member base. And in fact, the Card Member base is in some places you might not think about
intuitively, Betsy, like construction, building materials, professional services, lawyers, doctors. And if you
think about many of those kinds of small businesses, those are the businesses that are going to come
back and thrive. But clearly, when the government tells them, you've got to shut the doors, they would
be, I think, financially irresponsible if they didn't say, boy, for a little while, I could pay American Express,
but I just need to kind of hold on to my cash while I understand the environment. And that's a lot of the
anecdotal dialogue we're having with our customers.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 24, 2020

So we'll have to see. As we said all along, the question is how long does unemployment stay at the
astronomical levels it appears to be at now and how long do small businesses stay shut down. But Steve,
you can add a little more.

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Yes. No, I think it's a great question, and it's one that we look at all the time. But Jeff said a small
percentage. It's -- so less than 5% of our small business customers are actually restaurants. And when
you look at sort of almost 25% of our small business customers, it's things like contractors, plumbing,
electrical work, air conditioning. All those things are actually still continuing today maybe at a more
reduced level because people don't want other people in the house. But they're not going -- those people
are not going to go anywhere, and they usually have a lot of low overhead. But they may need that 3
months to get through it. And when you look at business services, it's legal, it's automotive repair, it's
beauty salons, barber shops, things like that, and a lot of those will still be there and come back as they --
a lot of them are single proprietary institutions.

The other thing that I'll point out about our small businesses, while we do have a very high share of
the market from a spend perspective, when you look at the overall sort of loan books, whether that be
working capital, whether that be mortgage loans, auto loans and small businesses have just their own loan
servicing, we're probably less than 2% of the U.S. market when it comes from an exposure perspective.
So when I look at it from a credit perspective, I think you just can't look at the card. You need to look at
the entire small business sort of ecosystem of what is out there. And we're less than 2% of that. And I
would also leave you with the fact we are very, very diverse in terms of what our small business set is.

So we think it'll bounce back, and we feel good about our small business portfolio. But it will go through --
like everything else, it will go through a tough period of time until the world starts to open again, which is
why we think our relief programs are ideally suited for small businesses.

Operator

Our next question will come from Eric Wasserstrom with UBS.

Eric Edmund Wasserstrom
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Can you hear me okay?

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Not quite, but we can get it.

Eric Edmund Wasserstrom
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

All right. Good. Good, good. So my question is about the credit experience. Just doing the quick back-
of-the-envelope from your ACL ratio suggests maybe an expectation around a 4.5-ish kind of percent
peak loss experience. And I'm wondering if you can maybe put that in context of past downturns. I think,
as I recall from your peak quarter of losses in '09, something like 9.7%, something like that. So I was
wondering if you could just maybe put that in context. And maybe the broader question is does this
circumstance perhaps suggest -- or has it caused it to -- caused you to reconsider whether expanding
lending is most value maximizing for Amex?

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer

So let me maybe make a few comments about the credit reserves, Stephen, and you might talk about risk
management in the current environment. So Eric, gosh, if you think about past experiences, the Great
Financial Crisis, I think it took 6 quarters for the economy to get up to close to 10% unemployment rates.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 24, 2020

And in the current environment, in 6 weeks, we appear to have gone way beyond that. So that makes
it very hard to predict exactly how things are going to play out. Clearly, if unemployment stays at the
level it is at now, then you should expect lifetime losses across the entirety of the financial services sector
that are greater than what you saw in the Great Financial Crisis. On the other hand, the government is
throwing unprecedented amounts of money at things here. We'll have to see where that goes.

I'm also not sure peak write-off rates really make -- are a useful way to think about this, right? Under
CECL, we're trying to, every quarter, close the books and put on the books a reserve for the lifetime losses
we expect for what loans and receivables are on the books. And that's what we did, is we closed the books
in April. Now we'll have to see where we are at the end of June. But I am going to close, before I turn it
over to Steve, by saying but unemployment today is worse than it was in the Great Financial Crisis and
worse than it was in any CCAR or DFAST test, and you've tacked onto that shutting down small businesses
in the U.S. So we'll have to see how long that goes.

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So let me answer the last part of the question. Do -- is there a regret to be in lending? And the
answer is no. I don't think you could be in a payments business without providing a wide range of
services. And so I think our strategy of lending to our customers and understanding who we're lending to,
I think that will play out for us well during this pandemic.

I think the other thing is what's important to note is that you go back a couple of years, we really started
to even invest even more heavily in our credit capabilities. And so the difference between 2009 and
today is a chasm. I mean we're not even the same company as it relates to it. And when I think about
what we've done from an external monitoring perspective, how we do modeling and risk assessment,
whether it's machine learning and how we do more through-the-cycle evaluation, just our overall customer
evaluation, our ability to flex up and down spend and lend capacity, the way we risk price and our credit
and collections capability are so much better, including our hardship programs. I mean we had no hardship
programs in the -- through the Great Financial Crisis, and now we roll out the CPR program in a matter
of weeks. We have other programs that are coming out in addition to our traditional hardship programs,
which, by the way, were not traditional in 2009.

I think the key thing as we move forward through this cycle will be our constant evaluation of our
customers, our constant ability to modify the spend and lend that we have and our credit and collections
capabilities and our ability to be able to talk to our customers, understand their situations and really work
with them so that those customers that are -- have the potential to be good customers when this is over,
we ensure that we were there for them.

So I think I don't regret sort of expanding our lending at all. And I think we are much better positioned,
much, much better positioned than we were in 2009 and much better positioned than we were just 2
years ago.

Operator

Our next question will be from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.

Ryan Matthew Nash
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Maybe just a follow-up on the last question. So you talked about 88% of customers being prime, super-
prime, but Jeff, you also mentioned that unemployment is higher than where we were in the financial
crisis. So I guess do you have any visibility on where job loss is across your customer base, how that plays
into your loss forecasting?

And I guess, broadly speaking, just how do we think about the relationship between job losses and
unemployment across your customer base?

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 24, 2020

Well, I think we've said for a while that certainly, general levels of unemployment, while it's just one of
many, many, many factors that influences our ultimate credit losses, is probably the single most important
factor.

I think your question also goes to, though, when we look at our consumer customer base, we would
believe that the unemployment levels amongst our customers are well below the general levels of
unemployment when you think about who's gotten laid off.

When you look at small business, small businesses -- we talked earlier about the range of actual card
members we have who are small businesses, and they're in lots of different industries, but you have
probably a more representative sample amongst our Card Member base because we cut across all
industries. And if a small business gets shut down, that's a tough thing in the short run for them.

So we'll have to see how this plays out, but I think I'm going to go back to where Steve kind of finished
his last answer.

We've built tremendously stronger risk management capabilities over the last decade. We have taken
many steps in the last couple of years to tighten up our risk management practices. And we go into this,
I would remind you, with best-in-class credit metrics. We think we have best-in-class capabilities, and
we think we have a customer base, both consumer and small business, that absolutely is more premium
oriented that should help us, depending on whatever the outcome is, here economically.

Operator

Our next question will come through Craig Maurer with Autonomous.

Craig Jared Maurer
Autonomous Research LLP

So 2 questions. I was hoping you could update us on your U.S. regional exposures. And secondly, in what
I'm sure have been extensive conversations with Ed Bastian and others, can you provide a little bit of
thought around how you expect travel to reemerge in terms of cross-border versus domestic? One of the
biggest debates we currently have with investors is the pace at which cross-border travel can resume.

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer

Well, let me...

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Go ahead, Jeff.

Jeffrey C. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer

Quickly hit the regional one, Steve, and then you can talk about travel because the regional answer, Craig,
is pretty short, which is, I think, as you would expect, where our heavy concentrations of our premium-
oriented Card Member base is, well, places like California, the Northeast, Texas. All places have been fairly
significantly hit within the U.S.,

When you go outside the U.S., particularly in the big urban areas, the Londons, the Paris, the Tokyos.
So I'd say we are right in the mainstream of the COVID-19 challenge when it comes regionally. We don't
particularly see any differences, though, when we look across all those regions and countries in terms of
credit performance or volume performance. It's remarkably similar globally, I would say.

Stephen Joseph Squeri
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 24, 2020

Yes. So look, I haven't -- I talk to Ed probably once a week. Not only are we good partners, but we're
good friends as well. And I think he would tell you that you will see more emergence of domestic travel
before you see cross-border. And the reason you will see that is I think look, I mean, how will countries
open up their borders to inbound flights, number one. And how will the psychology work from a consumer
perspective?

I think there'll be a pent-up demand to do something in the summertime, in September, but I think a lot
of U.S. consumers will probably do that in the United States, may do that in the islands. So I think travel
will emerge more domestically first than it will internationally.

Having said that, I talked to Willie Walsh a couple of weeks ago and -- at BA and their flights to China
are going back and forth and relatively full as those markets reopen as well. So I think it's going to be --
it'll be interesting. But I think what'll -- what is going to make the difference here is how safe you make
your airline and how safe you make the travel experience. And certainly, we will work with Ed and our
other partners to do our part to help that whether it's from a boarding process, and he'll take care of once
you're on a plane, they do a fantastic job. And him and his -- he and his team are thinking about those
things, and I'm sure they will come up with a really high-quality and premium product as they always do.

So -- but I do believe domestic will emerge more than cross-border, and I think it will take more time get
back to cross-border travel would be my sense. And I think that's obviously a better question for Ed and
the other airline executives, but we do have a sort of a dog in this fight as well. So -- but I think that's
what will happen, Craig.

Vivian Y. Zhou
Investors

With that, we will bring the call to an end. Thank you, Steve. Thank you, Jeff. Thank you again for joining
today's call, and thank you for your continued interest in American Express. The IR team will be available
for any follow-up questions. Operator, back to you.

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be made available for digitized replay beginning at 2 p.m.
Eastern Time today and running until April 30 at midnight Eastern Time. You can access the AT&T
Teleconference Replay System by dialing toll-free (866) 207-1041 and entering the replay access code
2060183. You may also dial 1 (402) 970-0847 with the access code 2060183.
That will conclude our conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T
Executive Teleconference Services. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 24, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

