AutoZone, Inc. NYSE:AZO
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, May 25, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

Revenue  (mm)

12.81

2755.09

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-25-2021 2:17 PM GMT

19.90

3250.24

80.86

13392.06

88.38

13690.84

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

13.16

25.01

17.61

12.81

14.39

30.93

18.61

14.93

9.35 %

23.67 %

5.68 %

16.55 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
AUTOZONE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brian L. Campbell
Vice President of Tax, Treasury &
Investor Relations

Jamere Jackson
CFO, Executive VP - Finance &
Store Development and Customer
Satisfaction

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

ANALYSTS

Bret David Jordan
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Brian William Nagel
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Christopher Michael Horvers
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Katy Hallberg
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research
Division

Michael Lasser
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Robert Scot Ciccarelli
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Simeon Ari Gutman
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Zachary Robert Fadem
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

Presentation

Brian L. Campbell
Vice President of Tax, Treasury & Investor Relations

Certain statements contained in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are subject
to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking
statements typically use words such as believe, anticipate, should, intend, plan, will, expect, estimate,
project, position, strategy, seek, may, could and similar expressions. These are based on assumptions
and assessments made by the company's management in light of experience and perception of historical
trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other factors that the company believes to
be appropriate.

These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including without
limitation, product demand; energy prices; weather; competition; credit market conditions; cash flows;
access to available and feasible financing; future stock repurchases; the impact of recessionary conditions;
consumer debt levels; changes in laws or regulations; risks associated with self-insurance; war and the
prospect of war, including terrorist activity; the impact of public health issues, such as the ongoing global
pandemic of a novel strain of the coronavirus, COVID-19; inflation; the ability to hire, train and retain
qualified employees; construction delays; the compromising of confidentiality; availability or integrity of
information, including cyber attacks; historic growth rate; sustainability; downgrade of the company's
credit ratings; damage to the company's reputation; challenges in international markets; failure or
interruption of the company's information technology systems; origin and raw material costs of the
suppliers; disruption of the company's supply chain due to public health pandemics or otherwise; impact of
tariffs; anticipated impact of new accounting standards; and business interruptions.

Certain of these risks and uncertainties are described in more detail in the Risk Factors section contained
in Item 1A under Part 1 of the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August
29, 2020. And these risk factors should be read carefully. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees
of future performance. And actual results, developments and business decisions may differ from those
contemplated by such forward-looking statements. And events described above and in the risk factors
could materially and adversely affect the company's business.

However, it should be understood it's not possible to identify or predict all such risks and other factors
that could affect these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date
made. Except as required by applicable law, the company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any
forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Operator

Greetings, and welcome to AutoZone's 2021 Third Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Bill
Rhodes, Chief Executive Officer. Thank you. You may begin.

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for AutoZone's 2021 Third Quarter Conference Call.
With me today are Jamere Jackson, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Campbell,
Vice President, Treasurer, Investor Relations & Tax.

Regarding the third quarter, I hope you had an opportunity to read our press release and learn about the
quarter's results. If not, the press release, along with slides complementing our comments today, are
available on our website, www.autozone.com, under the Investor Relations link. Please click on Quarterly
Earnings Conference Calls to see them.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

I am excited and honored to share with you the exceptionally strong performance our team of 100,000
AutoZoners delivered this quarter. As I've said previously, throughout this pandemic, we could not deliver
the kind of results we have without the continued exceptional performance of our entire team, especially
our store and supply chain AutoZoners. As our sales volumes have remained at historic all-time highs, our
AutoZoners have met this demand head-on with enthusiasm for going the extra mile for our customers.
While we have asked a lot of our AutoZoners over the last year, they have taken on the challenge and
continue to inspire and impress us all. I also want to reiterate our top priority remains being committed to
keeping all of our customers and AutoZoners safe. Thank you, AutoZoners, again.

Now to our sales results. Our overall same-store sales were up 28.9% this quarter. Our growth rates for
retail and commercial were both strong, with commercial's growth north of 40%. This is almost double the
comp growth rate of our DIY business, an incredible accomplishment for both businesses but especially for
commercial. We achieved our highest weekly commercial sales of all time. We averaged nearly $70 million
a week in commercial sales. This is incredible, considering we averaged $48 million for Q3 of last year.
For the trailing 4 quarters, we have sold domestically $3.1 billion to commercial customers. We are doing
some really exciting things in commercial. And we couldn't be more proud of our team's recent successes.

Now let's focus on sales cadence. This quarter stretched from mid-February to the first week of May.
In the first 4 weeks, our sales comp was approximately 11.6%. This was lower than the trend we were
experiencing at the end of our second quarter. We believe the cause of our sales slowing were the winter
storms experienced across the Central and Southeastern states. Sales picked up for the next 4 weeks from
mid-March to mid-April, concurrent with the arrival of additional stimulus payments. The final 4 weeks
happened to coincide perfectly with the stimulus payments from last year. It was over these 4 weeks last
year when our sales ramped materially. This year, over those 4 weeks, we averaged a 14% comp with the
last 2 weeks coming down to the mid-single-digit range.

We continue to maintain solid growth rates post stimulus. For Q3, our 2-year comp was 27.9%. On a 2-
year stacked basis, the first 4 weeks were up 17.9%, the next 4 weeks were up an impressive 49.9% and
the last 4 weeks were still up 26.7%. It was encouraging for us to see sales inflect upward this quarter
with both traffic and ticket moving higher. Our traffic growth was roughly double the ticket growth rate
as the reintroduction of federal stimulus payments and the execution of our growth initiatives drove a
material increase in traffic.

During the quarter, there were certainly some geographic regions that did better than others as
there always are. Across both our retail and commercial customer bases, we saw majority of the
country perform consistently well. Normally, we talk about the Midwest and Northeastern markets
underperforming the others. No, not this quarter. These markets were in line with the rest of the country
for both DIY and DIFM. And we believe the winter weather we experienced in February bodes well for our
future sales opportunities this summer and into the fall.

And I could not be more proud to say that based on the retail sales data we have for our industry, we
continue to enjoy share gains. The share data we have available for the first 8 weeks of this quarter shows
we are growing at a roughly 10% higher rate than the remainder of the industry. While we are thrilled to
have those share gains, our charge remains to maintain them heading into the summer and fall months.

Our #1 priority continues to be the health, safety and well-being of our customers and AutoZoners. On
last quarter's call, we shared that we would provide every single AutoZoner with a $100 incentive once
they completed their vaccination for COVID-19. That's every AutoZoner, including part-timers. This was
the logical next step in our efforts to provide a safe working and shopping environment as we have with
our ongoing PPE efforts. We spent about $1 million during the quarter incentivizing our AutoZoners to get
that vaccine. I continue to be inspired by our Board and management team's commitment to doing what
is right, and that is putting safety first. Our culture and our values of taking care of one another have been
in full force and effect over the last year during this pandemic.

While we continue to be encouraged with the current sales environment, we are cautious about predicting
future trends. The latest round of stimulus payments certainly accelerated our sales. And sales remained
at elevated levels through the end of the quarter. However, we can't fully predict what all the different
pushes and pulls on macro trends mean for us. However, we remain bullish on the industry's ability to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

grow this year. And we believe we are well positioned to gain additional share beyond what we already
have. I'm sure many of you would like to know how we are thinking about the sales for the fourth quarter
of fiscal '21. I'll remind you that typically in recessionary environments, our business is remarkably
resilient. However, nothing about this global pandemic is typical.

Beyond our primary objective to ensure the safety of our customers and AutoZoners, our focus is on
providing our AutoZoners with the resources they need to provide our customers with an exceptional
shopping experience. We are optimistic about the sales environment heading into the fourth fiscal quarter.
But we will obviously have the most difficult comparison in our history as last year's fourth quarter
benefited from the April 2020 stimulus package and enhanced unemployment benefits through July. And
we generated an astonishing 21.8% same-store sales growth last year in Q4. While we understand you
would like more clarity on our expectations for this Q4, this remains a very challenging environment to
predict, especially in DIY, as many evolving macro factors meaningfully impact our results.

Now let's move into more specifics on performance for the quarter. Our same-store sales were up 28.9%
versus last year's third quarter, our net income was $596 million and our EPS was $26.48 a share, 84%
above last year's third quarter. Our same-store sales growth this quarter was a record for any quarter
since we became a publicly traded company back in 1991. Both our retail and commercial businesses
showed strength in the quarter with DIY same-store sales up approximately 25% and commercial total
sales growth of approximately 44%.

For commercial, we averaged $70 million in weekly sales, which was approximately $13,500 in sales per
program per week. These commercial sales numbers easily set all-time records for us. The initiatives we
have in place are helping drive our commercial sales. I'll remind you that this is a highly fragmented $75
billion market. And we believe our product and service offerings provide us a tremendous opportunity to
significantly grow sales and market share over time.

Next, I'll talk about trends across our merchandise categories, particularly in the retail business. Our sales
floor categories continue to be strong with categories like tools, antifreeze, small repair and floor mats
showing strength. But our hard parts business definitely picked up. And our hard parts business comped
in line with our sales floor for the quarter. This now represents our second quarter in a row where we saw
our hard parts business grow in line with sales floor items. We believe this strengthening of our hard parts
business is due to the significant winter weather we experienced, additional stimulus and the pickup in
miles driven the nation is beginning to see as people return to a new normal.

Business remained very strong in many merchandise categories, such as accessories and batteries.
Notably, brakes and rotors, while still slightly below our average growth, had a meaningful rebound
this quarter due to the winter weather. As we expect our sales growth from the pandemic-related surge
will moderate over time, we believe the investments we have made in both our retail and commercial
businesses position us to deliver outsized share gains relative to the overall industry. In addition, we
continue to believe our products and services will be in high demand during more difficult economic times.
And this resiliency gives us significant confidence about our future prospects.

Now I will turn the call over to Jamere Jackson. Jamere?

Jamere Jackson
CFO, Executive VP - Finance & Store Development and Customer Satisfaction

Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. As Bill mentioned, we had another outstanding quarter. Once
again, our growth initiatives are delivering and the heroic efforts of our AutoZoners in our stores and
distribution centers are driving extraordinary results.

To start this morning, let me take a few minutes to elaborate on the specifics in our P&L for Q3. For the
quarter, total auto parts sales, which includes our domestic Mexico and Brazil stores, were $3.6 billion, up
31.8%. For the trailing 4 quarters ended, total sales per AutoZone store were just over $2.1 million. This
compares to just under $1.9 million in Q3 last year.

Now let me give a little more color on sales and our growth initiatives. Starting with our commercial
business, for the third quarter, our domestic DIFM sales increased over 44% to $829 million. Sales to our

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

DIFM customers represented 23% of our total sales and our weekly sales per program were $13,500, up
39.2%, as we averaged nearly $70 million in total weekly commercial sales. Our growth was broad-based
as national accounts and local and regional accounts both grew over 40% in the quarter.

Our execution on our commercial acceleration initiatives is delivering exceptional results. As I have
said previously, we're focused on building a faster-growing business with disciplined investments in
pricing, service and assortment. We have a tremendous market opportunity as we are significantly
underpenetrated in this highly fragmented portion of the market. We now have our commercial program in
over 85% of our domestic stores. And we're focused on building our business with national, regional and
local accounts.

This quarter, we opened 19 net new programs, finishing with 5,107 total programs. We continue to
leverage our DIY infrastructure and increase our share of wallet with existing customers. Our strategy
is working as we continued to grow share this past quarter. We are confident that we can continue to
gain share as we deliver improvements in the quality of our parts, particularly with our Duralast brand;
make improvements in our assortment; maintain competitive pricing; and stay committed to providing
exceptional service. These core focus areas have enabled us to drive double-digit sales growth for the past
4 quarters and position us well in the marketplace.

As we move forward, we're focused on our core initiatives that we believe will accelerate our growth
even further. First, our Mega-Hub strategy is improving our parts availability and giving us tremendous
momentum. We opened 2 more Mega-Hubs this quarter, bringing our total to 50 locations, and we expect
to open between 4 and 7 more Mega-Hubs by the end of the fiscal year. As you might recall from last
quarter's conference call, we raised our near-term targeted build-out of Mega-Hubs from 75 to 90 to 100
to 110. Mega-Hubs help us expand coverage and say, Yes, We Have It! more frequently. Expanding our
Mega-Hub footprint delivers a meaningful sales lift to both our commercial and DIY business.

Second, our technology investments are improving delivery times and service levels. We continue to
make enhancements to our AutoZonePro system and Mobile app to enable faster and more efficient parts
ordering. We're leveraging technology to improve delivery times and making it simpler to do business with
AutoZone. All of our efforts are driving efficiency for our sales professionals, drivers and customers and
will help build a meaningful competitive advantage.

Third, we're committed to being price-competitive and the strategy is working. We have a laser focus on
the key categories, regions and segments where investments in pricing are leading to accelerated sales
growth and higher EBIT dollars. We're using data science and market intelligence to test our approach in
different markets and different customer segments and delivering solid results. We will continue to lean
into this strategy and live up to our pledge to have the best merchandise at the right price. Our execution
in the commercial business gives us tremendous confidence in our ability to create a faster-growing
business.

On the retail side of our business, we're excited about the gains we're seeing in our DIY market share and
our initiatives are driving solid share gains. Our growth in the quarter was broad-based across regions and
categories. In the quarter, we delivered double-digit comps in 8 of the 12 weeks. And all 12 weeks had
positive comps despite some weeks having tough comparisons from a year ago. Our sales floor market
share, as measured by NPD, grew nearly 2 points for the first 8 weeks of the quarter. And we saw double-
digit growth across both failure and maintenance categories in the quarter. We also grew share in April
despite the tremendous growth last year, signifying that those customers have likely changed their buying
behavior.

Our growth in retail is driven by our continued focus in a few key areas. First, a relentless focus on
execution by our AutoZoners in our stores and distribution centers has been remarkable. Our supply
chain AutoZoners have processed and handled record volumes and our store AutoZoners have handled
record store traffic and delighted our customers. To be clear, we are winning in the marketplace. And
the execution of our AutoZoners, who are taking care of our customers, is a key competitive advantage.
Second, the assortment work and Mega-Hub strategy continue to improve our coverage and availability,
leading to a meaningful lift in sales.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

Third, we continue to focus on improving the customer shopping experience with our e-commerce efforts.
Buy Online Pick-Up In-Store, next-day delivery and ship to home, which were up again significantly this
quarter, have helped us meet customers win, where and how they want to shop. We're particularly pleased
with Buy Online Pick-Up In-Store, the fastest-growing portion of our e-commerce offerings, which enables
our customer to shop our broad array of products online and maintain the opportunity to get expert advice
from our AutoZoners when they pick up in-store. This is a significant competitive advantage versus our
pure-play competitors.

Fourth, and similar to our commercial approach, we're using disciplined and sophisticated data analytics
to ensure that we're competitively priced. This is a data-rich environment, and our data-driven approach,
tools and capabilities give us a meaningful competitive advantage. We have tested our approach in key
categories and markets, and this effort is yielding increased top line and gross profit dollar growth, albeit
at slightly lower gross margins. The strategy is working, and we're going to lean into this approach more
as we live up to our pledge of having the best merchandise at the right price.

DIY has been a strong contributor to the growth of our company. And while comps get more difficult as
we lap the accelerated sales growth that we have seen over the past 4 quarters, the fundamentals of our
business have never been stronger. Our strategy and execution are delivering solid results.

Now let me spend just a few minutes on international. We continue to be pleased with the progress we're
making in Mexico and Brazil. During the quarter, we opened 7 new stores in Mexico to finish with 635
stores and 1 new store in Brazil to finish with 47. On a constant currency basis, we continue to see solid
sales growth. More importantly, as those economies stabilize, we remain committed to our store opening
schedules in both markets and expect both to be significant contributors to growth and earnings in the
future. I am particularly excited about our prospects in Brazil, where based on all of the hard work by our
Brazilian AutoZoners over the past several years, we're now poised to significantly accelerate our new
store growth rate over the coming years.

Now let me spend a few minutes on the P&L and gross margins. For the quarter, our gross margin was
down 118 basis points, driven primarily by the accelerated growth in our commercial business and our
investment in our pricing initiatives. As I mentioned, our commercial business grew 44% this quarter, and
we're also making disciplined pricing investments to drive top line growth and gross profit dollars. The
strategy is working. Our work is translating into higher sales and profits as evidenced by our sales and
share growth that outpaced the remaining market this quarter. Our approach is disciplined and specific
to certain categories where we have rigorously tested and determined which actions move the sales and
gross profit dollar performance in the right direction.

We're beginning to see some cost inflation in certain product categories along with rising transportation
costs. To be clear, overall, we have pricing power. The industry's pricing remains rational and we're pricing
accordingly. All of the actions we are taking have resulted in us growing our DIY and DIFM businesses at
roughly double the rate of the overall market or better. And we're committed to capturing our fair share
and improving our competitive positioning in a disciplined way. This is a good outcome for our business.
And as such, you should expect to see similar margin performance in the fourth quarter. We will continue
to drive new customers and over time, grow absolute gross profit dollars at a faster-than-historic rate in
our total auto parts operating segment.

Moving to operating expenses. Our store operations and commercial teams continue to manage our
expenses well in this environment. Our expenses were up 11.3% versus last year Q3 as SG&A as a
percentage of sales shows leverage of 550 basis points. Included in this quarter's expenses were over $1
million of COVID-related expenses compared to last year's third quarter COVID expenses that totaled $75
million, which included provisions for additional emergency time-off. Excluding this comparison, SG&A
levered 284 basis points, driven by our exceptionally strong sales growth. While our SG&A dollar growth
rate has been higher than historical averages, we remain committed to managing SG&A in line with sales
volumes over time.

Moving to the rest of the P&L. EBIT for the quarter was $804 million, up 63% versus the prior year's
quarter. Our EBIT margin was 22%, up 432 basis points versus the prior year's quarter, driven by the
strong top line growth and operating expense leverage I spoke about earlier. Interest expense for the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

quarter was just over $45 million, down 5% from Q3 a year ago as our debt outstanding at the end of the
quarter was just under $5.3 billion versus just over $5.4 billion last year. We're planning interest in the
$60 million to $61 million range for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 versus $65.6 million in last year's
fourth quarter.

Our adjusted debt level metric finished the quarter at 2x EBITDAR. While in any given quarter, we
may increase or decrease our leverage metric based on debt and equity market conditions, we remain
committed to both our investment-grade rating and our capital allocation strategy. And our share
repurchases are an important element of that strategy.

Moving to tax. For the quarter, our tax rate was 21.4% versus 22.8% in last year's third quarter. This
quarter's rate benefited 211 basis points from stock options exercised, while last year, it benefited 26
basis points. Stock option exercises aren't predictable. And as such, they will affect our tax rate and
ultimately our net income and EPS. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, we suggest investors model us at
approximately 23.4% before any assumption on credits due to stock option exercises. Because we cannot
effectively predict this activity, we remain committed to reporting the stock option impact on the tax rate.

Moving to net income and EPS. Net income for the quarter was $596 million, up 73.9% versus last year's
third quarter. Our diluted share count of 22.5 million was lower by 5.5% from last year's third quarter. The
combination of strong earnings and lower share count drove earnings per share for the quarter to $26.48,
up 84% over the prior year's third quarter.

Now let me talk about our cash flow. For the third quarter, we generated $1.2 billion of operating cash
flow. This was up $539 million over last year's Q3. Our operating cash flow results benefited from the
strong sales and earnings previously discussed. And as we move forward and make the investments that
we have discussed to drive growth, you can still expect us to be an incredibly strong cash flow generator
that returns meaningful amounts of cash to our shareholders.

Regarding our balance sheet, we now have $976 million in cash on the balance sheet and our liquidity
position remains strong. We're also managing our inventory well as our inventory per store growth was
up 2.3% versus Q3 last year. Inventory per store was $701,000 versus $685,000 last year and $715,000
last quarter. Total inventory increased 5.1% over the same period last year, driven by new stores. Net
inventory, defined as merchandise inventories less accounts payable on a per store basis, was a negative
$167,000 versus negative $56,000 last year and negative $93,000 last quarter. As a result, accounts
payable as a percent of gross inventory finished the quarter at 123.9% versus last year's Q3 of 108.2%.

Lastly, I'll spend a moment on capital allocation and our share repurchase program. We repurchased
$900 million of AutoZone's stock in the quarter. As of the end of the fiscal quarter, we had approximately
21.6 million shares outstanding. At quarter end, we had just over $1.3 billion remaining under our share
buyback authorization. Year-to-date, we bought back $2.5 billion of stock or approximately 2 million
shares. The powerful free cash flow we have generated this year, combined with excess cash carried over
from last year, has enabled us to buy back over 8% of our shares over the first 3 quarters of the year.

We remain confident in our near-term plans and as such, expect to continue reducing the level of cash
and cash equivalents on hand through the remainder of this fiscal year. Our business remains remarkably
strong. And this will enable us to invest in our existing assets, grow our business and, as I emphasized
earlier, returning meaningful amounts of cash to shareholders as part of our disciplined capital allocation
approach.

So to wrap up, we had another very strong quarter, highlighted by exceptionally strong comp sales, which
drove a 74% increase in net income and an 84% increase in EPS. We're driving long-term shareholder
value by investing in our growth initiatives, driving robust earnings and cash and returning excess cash
to our shareholders. Our strategy is working, and I have tremendous confidence in our ability to drive
significant and ongoing value for our shareholders.

Now I'll turn it back to Bill.

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

Thank you, Jamere. These continue to be unique and extraordinary times. Our team has done a wonderful
job of managing and leading throughout this time frame. I am proud of our team across the board for
their commitment to servicing our customers but doing so in a very safe manner. At the start of this
pandemic last year, we could never have guessed the positive impact it would have on our sales. To be
able to report our largest domestic comp sales number ever this quarter 30 years after going public is just
amazing.

But with this fortuitous outcome, we knew we had to take advantage of this window of time and
experiment. We've tested to understand the origins of our share gains and potential for retaining those
gains as the world goes back to some sense of normalcy. We believe the environment continues to allow
us this chance to learn. But we will be deliberate. We understand the value of the capital invested. As our
capital is our investors' capital, we must have an appropriate return. We've worked exceptionally well to
deliver on our commitments thus far.

But we must keep focus and continue to deliver. There are no layups. We must continue to innovate.
While our domestic retail business continues to do tremendously well, we understand that trends will slow.
We're going to work hard, real hard, to gain as much share as possible now in order to limit our future
headwinds. Our goal is to retain all of these new customers and new occasions, where existing customers
are choosing AutoZone. And as we've discussed, our domestic commercial business is still in the very
early innings of a maturation process. It is an honor to have reported this morning that we are now doing
materially over $3 billion in domestic commercial sales on a trailing 4-quarter basis. But we hope and we
believe the best is yet to come for our commercial business.

As always, we have work to do as we head into our summer selling season. But we are excited to exploit
the opportunities that are in front of us. First and foremost, our focus will be on keeping our AutoZoners
and customers safe while providing our customers with their automotive needs. Secondly, we must
continuously challenge ourselves during these extraordinary times to position our company for even
greater future success. We know that investors will ultimately measure us by what our future cash flows
look like in 3 to 5 years from now. Lastly, I continue to be bullish on our industry, and in particular, very
bullish on our company.
Now we'd like to open up the call for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first questions come from the line of Bret Jordan with Jefferies.

Bret David Jordan
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

In your prepared remarks, you talked about the improvement in quality of the Duralast parts, obviously
started as a driver of the commercial traction. Could you talk about how maybe higher input costs,
obviously buying a higher value part, is impacting margin versus the price investments?

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Jamere talked about the fact that we're beginning to see some pretty significant inflation on
certain product categories. I don't think that, that's been a big driver of our performance in Q3, but it is
something that we are very mindful of as we move into Q4. And frankly, we're having to pass some of
those costs along to our customers, just like we've done for the last 40 years.

Bret David Jordan
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Okay. And I guess, on the price investment conversation, I guess, when you think about the DIY business
versus the commercial, could you maybe just sort of bucket it for us? Do you see more aggressive
price investment on one side versus the other? And then within commercial, are you seeing more
competition in national accounts versus regional? I guess, where do you see, I guess, the heat zones of
price competition?

Jamere Jackson
CFO, Executive VP - Finance & Store Development and Customer Satisfaction

Yes. What I'll say in general is that we've been very disciplined about the investments that we've been
making in pricing. As I mentioned, this is a very data-rich environment. We're using data-driven tools.
We're using artificial intelligence and data science to help us figure out exactly where to price, which
categories to price, which regions to price. So it's a very dynamic environment in that regard. We're
fortunate that we don't have to peanut butter spread this across the chain, if you will.

So what we're doing is very surgical and very strategic. What I'll say in terms of the competitive response
is that the industry remains very rational. We're seeing rational pricing across the industry. And the
response to that extent has been pretty muted. So our strategy is working. Our goal is to create a faster-
growing business with higher margin dollars. It's a much more sustainable way for us to grow cash and
ultimately shareholder value.

And on the commercial side, what we're seeing is that all of the initiatives that we put in place, which
price is just one element of it -- and I would argue it's probably the smallest element of it. You mentioned
the investments that we're making in our Duralast brand, including some of the offerings that we have in
Duralast Gold. Those things are very meaningful to our customers. The investments that we've made in
technology that have helped us be easier to do business with that's helping us lower our delivery times is
a significant impact on the business.

The work that we're doing around Mega-Hubs to increase our parts availability is huge for us and huge
for our customers. So when you put all of those initiatives together, that's why we're so bullish on the
commercial growth. And what I'll say is that even as we move through this environment, that commercial
growth is sticky. Once we win those customers and continue to delight those customers and we're
competitively priced, that gives us a lot of confidence about our future prospects in this area of the
market.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

Operator

Our next questions come from the line of Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley.

Simeon Ari Gutman
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I'm going to stick on the pricing topic. My first question is did you get more aggressive in this quarter? It
looks like the margin compression got a little worse and there were some other factors, but -- and if you
did, why now? And just to be clear, are these price investments more on the DIY side or the DIFM?

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Simeon, thank you for the question. Clearly, they're on both sides of the business. We've had
very targeted approach on the DIY side that has been focused more on two different spectrums of the
business: one, on commodity products that are highly available in lots of different environments; and then
two, on very slow-moving, hard-to-find parts, where maybe our value proposition isn't as different as it is
when you can walk in the store and get immediate product availability. The DIY piece is smaller than the
commercial piece today. And we've done that work and it's all in place.

And on the commercial side, we did get more aggressive. We didn't get more aggressive because we took
prices to a different level. We continued to roll out the pricing initiatives that were working. We originally
started with 6 regions, then we went to 14 regions. As of the beginning of this quarter, this has been rolled
out. The pricing initiatives in our commercial business have been rolled out across the chain. So you'll see
this mature over the next year or so. We don't plan on having a round 2 of these pricing initiatives. What
we have seen is these have worked.

As you know, in the commercial business, pricing transparency isn't what it is in the retail business. But
also more importantly, the competitive set is vastly different. When you think about the large players, if
you add all of us up in the commercial sector, we're around 20% of the market share. So these pricing
initiatives are not designed versus our traditional in-channel competitors. They're more making sure that
we have the right pricing and value proposition against other sectors of the industry.

Simeon Ari Gutman
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Got it. Okay. And I guess, the follow-up is in the same -- I guess, the same vein. So it seems like you're
having success with the strategy, which, on the one hand, is showing that there is some elasticity of
demand. And now we're going to be going through some inflation and you're already starting to see it.
And I would think in theory, the industry would try to pass that along. Is there any sort of disconnect?
Or how should we think about an inability to pass along pricing if you're -- if the customer is showing
elasticity, if that makes any sense? And might you lean into pricing more next year if this is working and
you have inflation, yes?

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. I would say it's elasticity of demand for us, but it's not driving elasticity of demand for the industry.
I think in some respects, it's improved our competitive position, not against our in-channel competitors
but against other competitors. And that's proven to be successful. As we think about an inflationary
environment, I know AutoZone will make sure that we pass those costs along to our consumers, just like
we always have. And I don't think that, that will be any different than normal.

Operator

Our next questions come from the line of Christopher Horvers with JPMorgan.

Christopher Michael Horvers
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

So I'll stick to the pricing side, too, for my first question. It seems like the transition here is the rollout
of the commercial side. But you're also going to be -- you're going to start lapping through the DIY price
investment. So as we think about 3Q and 4Q would seem like the peak gross margin pressure is now and
then that starts to moderate as we lap through the DIY side of the business price investments, is that fair?

Jamere Jackson
CFO, Executive VP - Finance & Store Development and Customer Satisfaction

Yes. That's the right cadence to think about. One of the things that Bill mentioned is that we don't have
a round 2 planned here. So as we've rolled the price investments through the entire chain and all the
categories that we're going to roll it through, you'll start to see us anniversary this in the back half of
next year, so -- and again, we're pleased with the execution of those initiatives. Again, it's one element of
the strategy, if you will. It certainly gets a lot of attention. But we would not be in a position to even be
talking about making pricing investments if we weren't executing so well on all of the other elements of
the strategy.

And when I think about, again the work that we've done on assortment, I think about the work that we're
doing to lean in the technology, those are things that have been the foundation or have been the enablers
for us to then focus on this element of being competitively priced. And I said it a couple of times in my
prepared comments about having the best merchandise at the right price. That, combined with the other
things that we're working on, give us a meaningful competitive advantage. And it's why we're so bullish
about being a faster-growing business in the future.

Christopher Michael Horvers
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Yes. And that leads to my follow-up. If you look back versus 2 years ago to try to neutralize versus what
happened last year, your gross margin is down 120, your operating margin is up more than 200 basis
points, given the share gains and the sales leverage that you're driving. So you'll have continued gross
margin headwinds. But as you think at the operating margin line into next fiscal year, is it fair to think that
the operating margin can at least be flat, if not better, as we look out, given the increased scale and share
gains that you've driven?

Jamere Jackson
CFO, Executive VP - Finance & Store Development and Customer Satisfaction

Well, we've done a couple of things in this environment where we've had accelerated sales. Number one,
we've had outstanding leverage on the SG&A line, which quite frankly has served as a little bit of a bill
payer for some of the investments that we're making in gross margin. And we do have the ability, as
we move forward, to continue to price in a very disciplined way. When we're in an environment where
there's inflation. Quite frankly, that gives us an opportunity to price and we are seeing cost inflation in
certain categories. But with a rational industry pricing environment, we're going to price to recover those
inflationary impacts.

So going forward, as we think about managing the business, we're going to manage the business to
maximize the cash that we generate inside the business, grow our EBIT dollars. That's going to give us
a tremendously powerful free cash flow. And you can tweak margins by 1 point or 1.5 points, doesn't
change the underlying story here, which is this is a business that is generating a tremendous amount of
cash. And we're putting that to work by investing in our existing assets. We're investing in our growth
initiatives. And we're returning meaningful amounts of cash to investors in a meaningful way. That portion
of the AutoZone model does not change even with all the things that we've talked about this morning in
terms of investments.

Operator

Our next questions come from the line of Michael Lasser with UBS.

Michael Lasser
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

I've got to be consistent and ask about price investments. The bottom line is, is it worth it? And to help
frame this question, if you just take a 1% investment in your price in this most recent quarter, what that
means is it's $35 million of sales that you're investing back into price to get something more than that. In
any given quarter prior to the pandemic, AutoZone would regularly see an average of $70 million in year-
over-year sales increases.

So now you're having to invest almost half that amount to drive these share gains. How did you find that
point at which it really becomes worth it, especially as the longer that you do this, the more attention
it's going to attract from your competitors? And one of the fundamental underpinnings of why investors
allocate capital to this space is because of the margin stability. And this strategy could call into question
that margin stability.

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

I understand your point. Your point about the $35 million investment is exactly right. And that's one of the
things that we wrestled with over time is clearly there's a sales headwind before you even begin talking
about picking up the gross profit dollars. But as I said earlier, Michael, we've tested this. We've tested
it extensively for over a year. Again, these are very surgical pricing investments. They're not across the
board. And yes, some of our commercial -- our close-in competitors may follow us, they may not on some
of these things. But that's really not where our focus has been on making sure that we have the right
value proposition. It's been making sure that we're priced right with other competitors that are outside of
the close-in competitors. We feel like we are doing exceptionally well with that.

I think also I want to go back to what Jamere said. This strategy is not a pricing strategy. This strategy,
which we have been working on for over 3 years now, it had the single largest technology investment
in our company's history in it, where we rolled out handheld devices, where we improved our website,
all making us much easier to do business with and substantially lowering our delivery times. We've
continued to invest in the Duralast brand, which is -- that's one of the strongest brands in the automotive
aftermarket, if not the strongest. And people used to think that, that was a headwind. Now people
understand that it is a tremendous asset. We've continued to roll out Hubs and Mega-Hubs, where we're
substantially improving our immediate availability of parts and products. So this is a holistic strategy of
which pricing is an element of it.

And I understand what you're saying that a lot of people have invested in this sector for years because
of the margin characteristics, not just gross margin characteristics but the overall operating margin
characteristics. And Michael, you're -- you've been around long enough to remember in 2005, when I
came into this role and we made an SG&A investment, everybody said, "Okay, this is the beginning of
the SG&A -- or the beginning of the operating margins going from 17.5% down to 12%." Well, what
happened? Over time, we had found a way to increase our operating margins. I'm not sure if that
will happen from here, but these are very marginal investments to make sure that we are in the right
competitive position against all channels.

Michael Lasser
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Okay. All right. I think the market would get a little bit more comfort if you did affix or very clear about
a time frame associated with it. It seems like what you're suggesting before is like we're going to do
this for another 4 quarters. Well, it's going to be a bit more intense over the next couple or 2. It should
start to abate after that. And so is this fair? And then just a quick follow-up for Jamere. How will a higher
commercial mix in the business in fiscal '22 impact the gross margin, so we can frame out these 2 pieces
as we try and model the business moving forward?

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Michael, before I turn that second part over to Jamere, I want to hit your earlier part. I was very clear
in my comment a few minutes ago that, as of now, we have rolled out this commercial pricing initiative

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

across the vast majority of the chain. And as Jamere said, there is no act 2 under development or under
consideration. So as we annualize this time next year, we'll be annualizing those investments. Jamere?

Jamere Jackson
CFO, Executive VP - Finance & Store Development and Customer Satisfaction

Yes, so -- and in terms of our commercial mix, we're very bullish about our commercial business. And
as we talked pretty extensively about today and last quarter, we're investing in a disciplined way in our
commercial business. This past quarter, our national accounts and our regional and local accounts both
grew over 40%. We are pleased to see the nationals actually snap back. Car counts are up, staffing is
improved, miles driven is improving. And we're underpenetrated. We think we're roughly a [ $4 billion to
$5 billion ] share in a $75 billion category.

So there's a tremendous opportunity to create a faster-growing business here. And as we execute on this
growth playbook and see significant share gains, we will likely be in a position where we see a little bit of
a mixed drag from commercial on the overall margins. And that's going to be perfectly okay. This will be a
faster-growing and still high-margin business as we move forward. And as we see that growth materialize,
we'll be very transparent about what our expectations are.

Operator

Our next questions come from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.

Robert Scot Ciccarelli
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Love to ask a pricing investment question, but I just couldn't do that to you.

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Thanks, Scot.

Robert Scot Ciccarelli
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

You're welcome. You talked about seeing product inflation starting to ramp. Can you talk about the
potential impact on the cost side of the ledger, particularly on wages, given the current employment
environment?

Jamere Jackson
CFO, Executive VP - Finance & Store Development and Customer Satisfaction

Yes. So we're seeing cost inflation in certain categories. We're also seeing some higher transportation
costs. But as I said before, the industry pricing is rational. And this has always been an industry that's
priced to recover those inflationary impacts. And we're pricing accordingly in this environment as well.
On the transportation costs, in particular, we've had some contracted rates that are below the spot
market, so this has protected us to some extent. But we'll see more of those as we move forward. From a
labor standpoint, it's a very tight labor market. And you have to look no further than what you're seeing
amongst other retailers or even in your local neighborhoods with the pressure that local restaurants are
seeing.

We're certainly not immune to those dynamics. But the value proposition of having a career opportunity
at AutoZone, we think, gives us a little bit of a competitive advantage. Our store operations teams
and our distribution center teams and our supply chains are doing a fantastic job of recruiting talent.
We're working really hard to retain talent in this environment. And as we also believe that from a macro
standpoint, as some of the enhanced unemployment benefits start to ease and be retracted, we think that
will sort of unstick the labor market to a certain extent. But all the efforts that we're doing inside of our
company to attract talent is quite frankly one of the reasons that we've been able to put up the kind of
numbers that we put up in both our DIY and our commercial business.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

Robert Scot Ciccarelli
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

And Jamere, just as a follow-up, is there any kind of estimate regarding what might happen to labor costs
if we actually did eventually get a federally mandated $15 an hour minimum?

Jamere Jackson
CFO, Executive VP - Finance & Store Development and Customer Satisfaction

Well, I think a couple of things will potentially happen there. One is that we'll see labor costs start to go up
in different environments. We're already seeing some markets where labor costs have gone up in that ZIP
code. And what you have to be able to do is, more importantly, you have to be able to price accordingly so
that you don't have the margin and profitability drags. And so when I think about the impacts of inflation,
it isn't just what we're seeing in product costs or transportation costs, but labor is a part of that equation.
And we'll be disciplined enough to price accordingly in that environment as well.

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Let me jump in there. As you know, Scot, we've been dealing with accelerated labor inflation for
some time, 4, 5 years. And we have many markets where we're already at $15 or above. I was recently
in Seattle. Our minimum wage in Seattle is $16.70. And we are figuring out a way to make sure that we
manage through that. And part of that is our pricing has to be different when we have that kind of change
in our labor component of our cost structure.

Operator

Our next questions come from the line of Zach Fadem with Wells Fargo.

Zachary Robert Fadem
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

As we look back over the past year, your business has accelerated to a double-digit growth rate despite a
double-digit decline in miles driven. And now that miles driven is starting to recover and return to growth,
do you expect this dynamic to be a tailwind for your business despite the tougher compares? Or are there
any other puts and takes that we should keep in mind?

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Clearly, we've said over a long, long period of time that miles driven is a good indicator of what -- of
how our business is going to perform. However, we've also said, and we said this back in the Great
Recession, that in certain times, it's not a good predictor of what happens in our business. Clearly, if you
just straight-line what happens to miles driven, you would have never forecast what happened to us over
the last year because miles driven were down significantly. But there was a new element called federal
stimulus.

And we were talking this morning, a family of 4 over the last 4 years -- or the last 4 quarters has picked
up over $10,000 in federal stimulus. That does not count unemployed -- enhanced unemployment
benefits. That is just the stimulus. For our customer, that's a tremendous amount of money. And many
of those customers turn to their automobiles and enhance them, repair them or whatever the case may
be. Clearly, as miles driven return, there will be some small tailwind. But I don't think that it will be nearly
enough to offset the headwind that will come from us lapping those tremendous amounts of economic
stimulus that were in the environment.

Zachary Robert Fadem
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Got it. And is it possible to break out the makeup of the commercial growth across new customers versus
existing customers or nationals versus independents? And then when you think about your average weekly

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

commercial sales in that mid-$13,000 range, was that relatively stable through the quarter? And is it fair
to call that a new run rate for the business?

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

No, we're calling it that internally. We're putting the pressure on the team. We got to keep that. I think
that there's some level of stimulus that's been in our commercial performance as well but not nearly to
the extent that it has helped accelerate the DIY business. So we have big expectations to continue to grow
commercial at fairly robust rates going forward. Clearly, the DIY piece will be more challenged as we head
into Q4 and really frankly, the next 12 months. But commercial, we think, is a much stickier business.

Yes, we picked up new customers. More importantly, we've penetrated our existing customers with new
categories or deeper levels of their business. As Jamere said, as far as the tradeoff between the up-and-
down-the-street customer or the national account customer, before this quarter, our up-and-down-the-
street business was performing much better than our national account business. This quarter, the national
account business was generally in line with our up-and-down-the-street business. And as we talk to those
leaders, their businesses have improved along the same lines.

Operator

Our next questions come from the line of Michael Baker with D.A. Davidson.

Katy Hallberg
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division

This is Katy Hallberg on for Mike Baker. Just want to say a great job on the quarter. And I know you guys
touched on recently about how stimulus might have impacted the commercial sales versus DIY. But I was
kind of curious about within that 44% growth in commercial how much would you attribute to the Mega-
Hubs. So kind of tacking on the stimulus and the pricing initiative, curious about the Mega-Hub impact.

Jamere Jackson
CFO, Executive VP - Finance & Store Development and Customer Satisfaction

Yes. So parts availability is a big piece of the story that we have in the commercial market today. When we
put a Mega-Hub in a market, two things happen. Number one, we see a lift in sales in the four walls, if you
will, of the Mega-Hub. But it also gives us an opportunity, as we're selling to commercial accounts, it gives
us an opportunity to tell the commercial accounts in that area, if you will, that we have parts available,
significantly more parts available than we would otherwise. And that gives us a meaningful lift in sales.

So a big piece of that strategy that we've talked about is improving that assortment, putting Mega-Hubs
in the marketplace, signaling to the market that we have more parts available in the marketplace and
then taking advantage of that opportunity. We've talked about lots of things that drive our commercial
business. But in the top 1 or 2 is parts availability. If we have the parts, if we can get them there in a
reasonable amount of time, they're competitively priced, we're easy to do business with, that gives us a
tremendous tailwind for this business. And that's what we're excited about.

Katy Hallberg
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division

Okay. Great. And then just sort of a follow-up, and this is a more broad question, where are you guys
seeing the most opportunity for your share gains? I mean, does it seem like the industry is sort of through
the thick of store closures as we're kind of approaching what could be the end of the pandemic? And just
kind of curious about what you're seeing in the industry.

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. I think the share gains that we got because of the store closures were really over around May of last
year. But we continued to grow share gains as consumer behaviors have changed. Just think about not

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

whether or not a store is open, but think about your own personal shopping habits. Are you going in more
convenient, smaller-box stores? I think we've seen a lot of that across all kind of channels, including ours.
And part of our desire is how do we -- now that we're getting those new customers or frankly more so
new occasions from existing customers, how do we make sure that we provide them a stellar shopping
experience now and permanently change those shopping behaviors, so we keep those occasions going
forward? That's what we're really focused on.

Jamere Jackson
CFO, Executive VP - Finance & Store Development and Customer Satisfaction

Yes. Just to build on that, one of the things we've been paying a lot of attention to internally is just the
tremendous success that we're having in our loyalty program. Our loyalty member sales are up 32%
versus last year. And when I look at the stats around the number of members that are earning rewards,
the number of members that are redeeming rewards, the spend for those loyalty customers relative to
last year on a per transaction basis and the retention rates, all of those numbers are up. And so that gives
us a lot of confidence that the things that we've done in terms of our in-store execution are driving great
results.

So as we think about share gains, there are lots of things that are part of that mix, including some of
the dynamics that you talked about on a macro basis. But our execution has just been fantastic in this
environment. And the data around our loyalty programs certainly suggests that we're doing the right
things. And those are the kinds of sales that are a lot stickier than when you have nonmember sales.

Operator

Our next questions come from the line of Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer.

Brian William Nagel
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

So the first question I want to ask -- and Bill, this goes back to earlier in your prepared comments, you
talked about just the cadence of sales through the period. So just where did you end -- what was kind of
the exit rate as the quarter concluded? And I know this is a bit of a follow-up to all those questions. But if
you look at the business now, do you think stimulus is still driving it now? Or has that largely been burned
through?

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

We exited -- I don't have the numbers right in front of me because I went through -- I quoted some of
them in the script. And we were very intentional about that to talk about those 4-week differences so that
you can see. As we were before stimulus, we were seeing a slight deceleration of our sales coming out of
Q2. Then when stimulus happened, I think we said we were up roughly 50%, I think it was 49.9%. And
then we came out the other side. And on a 2-year basis, we were still up 26.7% in those last 4 weeks. Our
comps, as we exited the quarter, the last 4 weeks this year, were 14%, with the last 2 weeks coming down
to the mid-single-digit range.

So what we have seen is that stimulus -- stimulus dollars that came in March, they stayed and had
a lingering effect in helping drive our business longer than we would have expected, similar to what
happened last summer. If you remember, our business was really, really strong post the April stimulus.
Now last year, you had the enhanced unemployment benefits at $600 a week versus $300 a week this
year. So clearly, that will be a headwind as we look in Q4 but not completely. Does that help?

Brian William Nagel
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Yes, it's very helpful. I appreciate it. Then my second, I guess, my follow-up question would be something
maybe bigger picture. But if you look at the commercial business, and obviously a lot of cross-currents at
this point, but commercial has been a bright spot for AutoZone for a while. It's strengthened here lately.
As you look out there, where -- what do you view as still the slack within your model? I mean, you're

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

talking about opening the new -- the Mega-Hubs and launching new programs. So how should we think
about the real drivers going forward, and particularly as we pull out of this COVID crisis?

William C. Rhodes
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, as Jamere mentioned, we have 50 Mega-Hubs now. We're on a path to have 100 to 110. So we will
more than double the amount of Mega-Hubs that we have today. And I will tell you, Jamere, who's in
charge of store development, has a big bogey out there to make that happen very fast. And you'll see a
significant amount of Mega-Hubs come online this quarter and over the next year. So I think that, that
will help us in a big way. As Jamere said, this business is about parts availability. It was that way when we
started 42 years ago, it's still that way today.

If you don't have it, you can't sell it. And we're getting parts closer and closer and closer to our customers.
I also talked about all this technology that we've rolled out. And we're still in the very early innings of that.
We've seen reductions in our delivery times, but we are looking for significantly bigger, larger reductions in
delivery times as this technology matures, as our team understands how to utilize it and how to change.
Getting parts and products frankly out of the building is our biggest focus, not necessarily the drive time.

All right. Thank you very much. All right. Before we conclude the call, I want to take a moment to reiterate
that we believe our industry is strong and our business model is solid. We are excited about our future
growth prospects, but we take nothing for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives. We
have exciting plans that should help us succeed for the future. But I want to stress that this is a marathon
and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term shareholder
value, we are confident AutoZone will continue to be very successful.

Lastly, as we celebrate Memorial Day next Monday, we should remember all of our country's heroes, both
past and present. We owe these Americans a tremendous debt of gratitude. Thank you all for participating
in today's call. Have a great day.

Operator
Thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines
at this time. Have a great day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

AUTOZONE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

