Baxter International Inc. NYSE:BAX
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, March 17, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.88

0.97

10.23

0.83

3.40

3.31

(2.65 %)

3.73

3007.00

3039.00

1.06

2766.12

11324.17

11362.00

0.33

11862.06

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Mar-17-2020 12:17 PM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.68

0.81

0.84

0.88

0.76

0.89

0.79

0.97

11.76 %

9.88 %

(5.95 %)

10.23 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Clare Trachtman
Vice President of Investor
Relations

James K. Saccaro
Executive VP & CFO

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

ANALYSTS

Danielle Joy Antalffy
SVB Leerink LLC, Research
Division

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Lawrence Soren Keusch
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Matthew Charles Taylor
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Philip Chickering
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Robert Justin Marcus
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Baxter International Fourth Quarter 2019
Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded by Baxter and
is copyrighted material. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcasted without Baxter's permission. If you have
any objections, please disconnect at this time.

I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Clare Trachtman, Vice President, Investor Relations at Baxter
International. Ms. Trachtman, you may begin.

Clare Trachtman
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Catherine. Good morning, and welcome to our fourth quarter 2019 earnings conference call.
Joining me today are Joe Almeida, Baxter's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jay Saccaro,
Baxter's Chief Financial Officer.

On the call this morning, we will be discussing Baxter's fourth quarter and full year 2019 financial results
as well as growth comparisons to restated historical financial results as disclosed in today's comprehensive
10-K filing. We will also provide our financial outlook for the first quarter of 2020. A supplemental
presentation to complement this morning's discussion can be accessed on our website. This presentation,
including related non-GAAP reconciliations, can be accessed on Baxter's external website in the Investors
section under Events & News.

With that, let me start our prepared remarks by reminding everyone that this presentation, including
comments regarding our financial outlook, new product development, business development and
regulatory matters, contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. And of course,
our actual results could differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to today's press
release and our SEC filings for more detail concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially.

In addition, on today's call, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand
Baxter's ongoing business performance. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures being
discussed today to the comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings release
and available on our website. On the call this morning, we will be discussing operational sales growth,
which for historical periods, adjust for the impact of foreign exchange and generic competition for
cyclophosphamide in the U.S. Operational sales growth guidance for 2020 adjusts for the impact of foreign
exchange and the acquisition of Seprafilm, which closed on February 14 of this year.

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Joe.

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Before Jay and I review financials for the fourth quarter
and full year 2019, I want to update you on our internal investigation regarding nonoperating income
related to foreign exchange gains and losses. As you know, the company and the Board have taken this
matter very seriously. We moved to address it quickly and comprehensively with the help of independent,
experienced advisers and forensic accountants. We also communicated proactively to the SEC, and have
maintained open dialogue with the commission throughout. As indicated in the press release, our internal
investigation is now complete as it relates to the financial statement impacts. This morning, we filed
our 2019 Form 10-K, which included audited restated financial statements for full year 2018 and 2017.
We also filed our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2019. With these filings, we are now
current with our SEC reporting obligations. Jay will discuss in further detail the changes we have made to
strengthen and enhance our overall control environment.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2020

Before I shift to a discussion of financial results for the fourth quarter of 2019, I feel it's important
to make some comments on the rapidly evolving situation with COVID-19. The coronavirus outbreak
continues to challenge communities, relief organizations, health care systems and businesses around the
world. At Baxter, we have been active on the front line since its emergence, taking proactive measures to
protect employees, aid patients and health care providers affected by the pandemic and maintain global
supply of our essential medical products. On the supply front, our manufacturing operations are currently
running at planned levels, and our supply chain team is assessing and mitigating possible disruptions
around the globe. We are proactively managing our inventory levels, stock levels in warehouses,
transportation options and the availability of raw materials and component parts. Given the global nature
of the epidemic, we have seen some constraints on a limited number of components and APIs, especially
those sourced from China and Italy. At this time, our team has been able to mitigate those disruptions
by deploying existing inventory, providing additional support to our suppliers to help them return to
production, using alternate shipping methods to expedite delivery and working with additional suppliers
where needed. Our own efforts over the last few years to strengthen and expand our manufacturing
supply network further support our position. We will continue to work closely with our regional and global
supplier networks to address this ever-evolving situation. And our goal remains to help ensure all of
our customers have access to the products they need to the best of our ability. To that end, I'd like to
acknowledge the extraordinary actions of our 50,000 Baxter colleagues around the world, have been taken
to serve patients and clinicians and help ensure access to our life-saving and life-sustaining products.
While we will continue to actively monitor this situation and its potential business disruptions, we remain
confident in our long-term underlying strength and innovation pipeline. We will also remain vigilant in
exploring the most impactful ways to deploy our capital, including compelling business development
opportunities as well as returning value directly to our investors.

With that, I will make some brief comments on our 2019 performance. As we shared in early January,
our Q4 performance reflected Baxter's strongest operational sales growth since the 2015 Baxalta spin-off.
Sales increased 7% on a reported basis, 8% at a constant currency and 9% on an operational basis. All 6
of our global business units and 3 geographic segments contributed to this strong top line performance,
which was driven in part by our reinvigorated emphasis on innovation. Advancing our new product pipeline
will continue to be a fundamental element of our ongoing transformation.

Our top line performance, combined with a focus on operational excellence and financial discipline, drove
adjusted EPS of $0.97, a 37% increase year-over-year. Our fourth quarter performance demonstrated
our ability to drive growth across our diversified portfolio by focusing on effectively meeting the needs
of patients and providers. Within the quarter, we saw PD patient growth of approximately 7% globally,
including low double-digit PD patient growth in the U.S. While we await publication of the final rule
from the White House on the Advancing American Kidney Health Initiative, we are actively planning for
investments required to increase our U.S. production capacity to meet new patient needs. We anticipate
that home PD growth will continue to outpace that of overall ESRD growth.

In addition, during the quarter, we installed more infusion pumps in the U.S. than we have in recent
history. Our Spectrum IQ infusion pump has one of the best drug libraries in the world, along with
bidirectional EMR integration, and we continue to realize the benefits of innovation across our portfolio.
Pharmaceuticals growth in the quarter was enhanced by our growing range of generic injectables.
Enhanced momentum in clinical nutrition was fueled in part by our recent OLIMEL N12 and FINOMEL
launches. Within Advanced Surgery, we effectively met heightened market demands for FLOSEAL Fast
Prep, which launched earlier in 2019. And in Acute Therapies, we continue to successfully roll out our
PrisMax platform across geographies. All in all, we are pleased to close out 2019 on such a strong note
and are well positioned for sustained momentum as we remain focused on our long-term strategic
objectives.

Now I will pass it on to Jay to provide some additional details on the quarter.

James K. Saccaro
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2020

Thanks, Joe, and good morning, everyone. As Joe mentioned, our fourth quarter results demonstrate
robust operational performance, with solid growth across all 6 global business units and 3 geographic
segments.

Throughout the year, we delivered on our goal of growth through innovation and drove further benefits
from our ongoing transformation initiatives. Moving into 2020 and beyond, we will continue to execute
on our commercial strategies while also investing in several initiatives to support accelerated growth
opportunities. As Joe referenced, we've implemented a number of changes to strengthen and enhance
our overall internal control environment. Some of these changes, including utilizing exchange rates in
accordance with U.S. GAAP, a daily automated feed of foreign exchange rates from a recognized third
party, updated policies on intercompany transaction approvals and select personnel changes, including
hiring Karen Leets as our new Treasurer. Karen brings significant treasury experience to Baxter, after
having held senior treasury roles at several large corporations. Under her leadership, we've hired another
experienced treasury professional in a newly created director role, responsible for treasury governance
and controls. Additionally, we've created a treasury controller role within our accounting function and are
continuing to add resources as appropriate to improve our financial reporting controls related to treasury
activities. While this was clearly disappointing, we are moving forward and continuing to execute on our
strategic objectives in support of our goal to deliver industry-leading performance. And our recent results
demonstrate the strength of this ongoing transformation.

Turning to our fourth quarter and full year 2019 results. Beginning with the fourth quarter, global sales
of $3 billion increased 7% on a reported basis, 8% on constant currency and 9% operationally. Our
performance in the quarter was primarily driven by Pharmaceuticals as well as Medication Delivery and
Advanced Surgery, particularly in the United States. On the bottom line, adjusted earnings increased 37%
to $0.97 per diluted share as a result of strong operational performance and ongoing benefit from our
business transformation efforts and the lower share count.

Now I'll walk you through performance by our geographic segments and global business units. Note that
for this quarter, constant currency sales growth is equal to operational sales growth for all businesses and
geographic segments, except for our Pharmaceuticals business and the Americas region, for which we will
provide operational growth in addition to constant currency growth. Additionally, all growth rates represent
comparisons to our restated historical financials published this morning.

Starting with sales growth for our 3 geographic segments. Sales in the Americas advanced 10% on both
the constant currency and operational basis. Sales in EMEA advanced 5% on a constant currency basis.
And sales in our Asia Pacific region advanced 9% on a constant currency basis.

Moving on to performance by global business units. Global sales for Renal Care were $960 million,
advancing 2% on a constant currency basis. Performance in the quarter was driven by growth in PD
therapies globally with patient volumes advancing approximately 7% year-over-year. Performance was
partially offset by lower sales of select in-center HD products, including the bloodlines business exited in
early 2019, which negatively impacted sales in the quarter by approximately $12 million.

Sales in Medication Delivery of $775 million grew 19% on a constant currency basis. Strong global
growth was supported by solid commercial execution across our infusion systems and IV solutions
businesses. During the quarter, we did see approximately $10 million of distributor purchases ahead of
the U.S. influenza season. The fourth quarter also marked our first quarter of sales of the Starling SV
hemodynamic monitoring system obtained as part of the acquisition of Cheetah Medical, which contributed
less than $5 million to sales in the quarter.

Pharmaceutical sales were $580 million, increasing 9% constant currency and 10% operationally.
Strong international sales in the quarter benefited from increased demand for our hospital pharmacy
compounding services. Additionally, global demand for Baxter's generic injectables portfolio contributed
to growth in the quarter. Performance was partially offset by expected lower sales of inhaled anesthesia
products and Transderm Scop due to enhanced competition. U.S. sales of cyclophosphamide were $38
million in the quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2020

Moving to Nutrition. Total sales were $233 million, increasing 10% on a constant currency basis, in
line with our expectations and supported by new product launches in the U.S. and Europe. Sales in
Advanced Surgery were $231 million, increasing 10% on a constant currency basis. Performance in this
business was driven by strong commercial execution as well as further benefit from competitive supply
disruptions. Sales in our Acute Therapies business were $144 million, representing growth of 7% on a
constant currency basis. Performance in this business continues to be driven by increased global demand
for Baxter's continuous renal replacement therapies, supported by the continued rollout of our PrisMax
platform.

Finally, sales in our other category, which primarily includes our contract manufacturing services, were
$116 million, a decline of 3% on a constant currency basis, reflecting a challenging comparison to the
prior year period.

Moving through the rest of the P&L. Our adjusted gross margin of 45.7% increased 160 basis points
over the prior year, benefiting from strong top line performance, favorable mix as well as positive
manufacturing variations. Adjusted SG&A totaled $626 million, increasing 5% on a reported basis. Strong
sales performance, along with a focus on optimizing our cost structure, drove expense leverage in the
quarter. Adjusted R&D spending in the quarter of $153 million decreased 7% on a reported basis versus
the prior year period. We continue to see the benefit from our efforts to enhance our processes and
optimize our R&D organization while prioritizing strategic investments in our innovation pipeline. Adjusted
operating margin in the quarter was 20%, an increase of 270 basis points versus the prior year and above
our previous guidance range of 18.5% to 19%. Net interest expense was $20 million in the fourth quarter,
an increase of $9 million compared to the prior year, driven by lower interest income and increased
interest expense from higher outstanding debt balances. Adjusted other nonoperating income totaled
$16 million in the quarter. That amount excludes a $755 million noncash charge that we recorded in our
GAAP result as a result of the transfer of approximately $2.4 billion of our U.S. pension liabilities to an
insurance company through an annuitization transaction in October. The adjusted tax rate in the quarter
was 16.5%. Within the fourth quarter, we repurchased approximately $200 million or 2.4 million shares of
Baxter stock. For the full year, our repurchases totaled approximately $1.3 billion or 16.5 million shares of
Baxter stock.

Turning to full year 2019, sales of $11.4 billion increased by 2% on a reported basis, and 5% on both
the constant currency and operational basis. On the bottom line, adjusted earnings increased 14% to
$3.31 per diluted share. On a full year basis, we generated free cash flow of more than $1.4 billion.
While this was below our initial projections, cash flow generation remains a critical priority for Baxter.
And as such, we have implemented several actions targeted to improve working capital efficiency. Our
focus continues to be on maintaining flexibility for internal and external investments, supporting strategic
growth initiatives and returning value to shareholders.

In particular, given the current market uncertainty regarding COVID-19, we are incredibly focused on
maintaining adequate liquidity to withstand scenarios that might emerge, so we are able to continue to
pursue our capital allocation strategies. As of the end of February, we have nearly $3 billion of cash on our
balance sheet, which includes over $200 million in borrowings from our European revolver, which we have
accessed as a precautionary measure. We've also recently renewed the terms of our U.S. revolving credit
facility, which provides us with access to $2 billion in credit. While we have not drawn on this facility to
date, we are currently able to do so, if necessary.

Let me conclude my comments by discussing our near-term financial outlook. As stated in today's press
release, given the high degree of uncertainty around potential impacts presented by COVID-19, we are not
providing full year 2020 guidance at this time. Depending on how the situation unfolds, we hope to be in
a position to provide additional guidance details during our first quarter earnings call, currently scheduled
for April 30. Specific to the first quarter of 2020, we expect sales growth of 4% to 5% on a reported
basis, and growth of 5% to 6% on both a constant currency and operational basis. For 2020, operational
sales will be adjusted for the impact of foreign exchange and the acquisition of Seprafilm. And we expect
adjusted earnings, excluding special items, of $0.72 to $0.74 per diluted share for the first quarter.
With that, we can now open the call to Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] I would like to remind participants that this call is being recorded and a digital
replay will be available on Baxter International's website for 60 days at www.baxter.com.

And our first question comes from Pito Chickering from Deutsche Bank.

Philip Chickering
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

First one is on your manufacturing side. You talked about in the script that you guys don't believe in issues
with the supplies. Can you sort of go into more detail around where the majority of your raw materials
are coming from? Sort of what percent of those are sourced through the guys at China? And sort of why is
that sort of not a risk in terms of being able to do that to offset from, like, other supplier, [indiscernible]?
And I have a follow-up after that.

Clare Trachtman
Vice President of Investor Relations

Yes. So just to refresh the question because it's a little hard for you -- to hear you, Pito. So I think what
you were talking about is just our overall manufacturing, where we're at, where our raw materials are
coming from, how confident are we in the supply chain. Is that kind of summarize what you were asking?

Philip Chickering
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Yes. Yes, and I apologize, on a cellphone obviously.

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

Okay. And our raw materials come from a variety of places around the globe. Let me -- because your
question has a specificity for COVID-19, I'm sure, and our supply chain. So our electronics come primarily
from parts of Europe and China. We're working very diligently and we're getting -- starting to get
components out of China. We have good safety stocks. We feel comfortable that towards late spring, we
will have enough. For most of our products, we have guaranteed ability of having products sold across the
globe. So I'm not that concerned. If things become really difficult in China back to what it was in January
and February, then the conversation is different. But today, the way we're seeing the shipping lanes
are clearing up, we're getting products into our factories, not -- don't feel they were under tremendous
amount of pressure.

Now when it comes to IV bags. IV bags, the products are made -- for the U.S., are exclusively made in the
U.S. Meaning the raw materials are made in our plant in Arkansas, the bags are made in the Carolinas.
And we can also make bags down in Mexico in Cuernavaca. So that is a backup plant that we have set up
since Hurricane Maria, and we can get -- we are getting products from there now. We can get products
-- more products in the future. So our supply chain is -- we have about probably 20, 25 components in
raw materials that we're watching very closely. But we have 24 hours coverage around the globe. Our
procurement departments are set in many parts of the world. So at this moment, we feel that between
APIs, which are also made in India and China, we have a pretty good grip and the APIs are about the
same of the electronics. We're talking about late spring. If things get worse in China, that's a different
conversation. But with what we know right now, we are comfortable with inventory levels and we can
supply the demand.

Philip Chickering
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2020

Great. And then the follow-up question is going to be a non-COVID-19. Can you walk us through the
manufacturing capabilities of THERANOVA at this point? How fast can that be expanded, and whether it's
new lines on the manufacturing sites? And how much would each of those cost? And how many of units
would those create?

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

So Pito, we have the ability today to make turnover, okay? We can make high single-digit millions of --
mid-single digits in the millions of that, okay? We are starting in October converting production lines from
our current Revaclear to THERANOVA, meaning the lines will be able to make either one of them. And
I think by the time we finished the conversion for the globe, we're going to be able to supply probably
close to 30 million units -- 28 million to 30 million units, okay? This is as we know today. We can always
make investment plans for more capacity. As you know or you may not know, we manufacture our own
equipment, our spinnerets, our spindles and spinning equipment, and how we bundle the fibers in this
very proprietary, great product that we currently design and are making outside of the U.S. today. So
that's our capacity. And we're prepared, by the way, once the period of 2 years of demonstration of the
add-on payment, what's called TPNIES. I got corrected in Washington last week by somebody at CMS.
It's not TPNIES. It's TPNIES. We can accelerate investment and we can produce more than 30 million, if
needed be.

Operator

Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan.

Robert Justin Marcus
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So I imagine everyone is very curious about what life will be like under COVID-19. You pulled guidance,
but we are almost completely through the first quarter here. So I was wondering if you could comment on
trends you're seeing in the first quarter in terms of different positives or negatives in the business and any
actions you're seeing from the hospitals in Europe and U.S. as they prepare for what's to come here over
the next few weeks.

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

Robbie, we will -- let me get part of your question. And Jay is also here, he can chime in. We are seeing
buying patterns that you see usually in -- with this kind of situation. We have only to compare in heavy flu
seasons, and some of us remember, back in 2003, SARS, okay? So we have buying patterns that go from
people not understanding what's happening, all of a sudden, stockpiling going around everywhere, okay?
So Baxter is at the front line of treating patients with acute respiratory and acute generalized infection
with our CRRT, continuous renal replacement therapy, our fluids, our antibiotics, our pumps. So we feel
that right now, we are seeing buying patterns that are starting to get more coherent with an outbreak
of something like the COVID-19 that we saw probably halfway through the first quarter because halfway
through the first quarter, China was more in focus in -- what we saw in China. And remember, not only
we're in the front lines for treatment of diseases such as this but also, we are in the chronic treatment
business, which we need to deliver products to people's homes. So we saw in China an acceleration of
purchasing for PD paired to new dialysis products. And then what we've seen in the U.S., probably it's
going to go through the same thing. We're getting calls from state government, not only the Feds, but also
the state government. Countries asking -- placing orders for stockpile of products. So we're starting to see
the volume of those orders picking up. We're very -- we've been very judicious because we don't have, at
this moment, a capacity restriction, but capacity is all relative. If you go ahead and start buying significant
amounts by unit, by hospitals, more than what we can make, we will not be able to supply our business.
So we think we're well equipped to supply the world with the products that we need and of the products
we have. And we are not -- we have a few products that may go in allocation just as protection. But we
have today the major IV business, IV solutions. We don't have any allocations of that. We are prepared to
supply the market and naturally activate our backup plans that we have put in place since Maria.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2020

In terms of the quarter, we're giving guidance a few weeks before we close the quarter. So as I said, we
saw 50 patterns in the first quarter. And I think it shows the resilience of our business through a process
like this because we do have products used in all sorts of different products -- different settings from the
home to the acute side to the more long-term care as well as for nonelective and elective procedures.

Jay, anything?

James K. Saccaro
Executive VP & CFO

No. Joe, I think that's a great commentary. And you described the resilience and the durability of the
portfolio. We have a number of product lines, which benefit in this kind of a scenario like acute IV, some
of the antibiotics, as Joe described. And then we're watching very carefully our anesthesia and Advanced
Surgery businesses, which are more related to actual operating procedures that take place in hospitals. So
that's one area that we're watching very carefully. But generally speaking, this is a very durable portfolio
that we have.

Robert Justin Marcus
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. And maybe just one follow-up. People are starting to worry about the impact to capital equipment
sales. So with you set to launch a new pump system, which could actually be in high demand, do you
expect any impact to that or to your PD cyclers over the next few weeks and months?

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

Very different dynamics, Robbie. Very different dynamics. First of all, at hospitals today in the U.S.,
the priority is to treat potential patients coming in. I don't think we'll change dramatically their buying
patterns for capital in the midterm. But in the short term, it may alter their priorities. Not that we're
not going to be able to sell the pumps. We probably will sell them and we'll probably supply product to
customers, who today are impacted by the Class 1 recall of our competitor. But that may change a little
bit of sequence looking at the priorities that we are currently putting into place. Remember, we're sending
service personnel to hospitals, but I don't think we're going to be sending a bunch of people to install
pumps now into hospitals. So it may shift a couple of months here and there, but I don't think the pattern
of capital by -- as we know today, will change in the midterm to the long term. It will change in the short
term because the priorities of the hospital are to treat the patients.

On PD, it's a different conversation. PD is actually the safe place to be, which is the home. Imagine putting
patients in a clinic with 5, 7 other very ill patients with diabetes, sometimes insufficiency and with the
kidneys not functioning, and going to a clinic in this type of outbreak, it is really dreadful. So I would say
that there's a great compelling reason for the peritoneal dialysis modality to take shape and be something
strong going forward. I'm not saying right now, but I think this actually reinforces the AAKHI prerogative
that the government had on having people treated at home. This is another added benefit of the home
treatment.

Operator

Bob Hopkins of Bank of America.

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Two quick questions. So it sounds like from your commentary that you've got some products where you're
seeing increased demand, like you do in a heavy flu season. In some products, you're seeing a decrease in
demand currently. I'm just curious kind of directionally from where you sit today, does this overall feel like
a net neutral to your business as far as you can tell right now?

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2020

It's tough to say, Bob. That's the reason why we are not putting long-term 2020 guidance out there
because we need to figure this thing up. As I said, the buying patterns are really strange. We're getting
orders for our CRT equipment. They are in excess of anything we've ever seen, okay? We also have
a pretty healthy Advanced Surgery business. So we don't understand some of the patterns today. I
have to imagine with the changes in procedures in hospitals, some of our business will be impacted
like anesthesia, for instance. You have less procedures and surgery. And on the other hand, we have
significant amount of business in the ICU. So I cannot give you an answer precisely what -- if this is a net
neutral or not. We're going to have to wait. We hope by April -- end of April when we announce our first
quarter results, we have either guidance for the rest of the year or have a better understanding of what's
happening at the moment.

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Okay. And then one quick follow-up. I'm really curious as to what you're seeing in China in the Advanced
Surgery business. Are you seeing kind of a return to sort of stabilization in procedures in China at this
point? Just kind of curious what you're seeing there in that business in particular.

James K. Saccaro
Executive VP & CFO

That's a very small business for us. So I think on an annual basis, we're talking single-digit millions. So it's
very difficult for us to comment on procedure volumes in China, given the small size of that business. The
largest business in China for us is our renal business, which is a different kind of business and really not
an illustration of what's happening in hospitals.

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Okay. I was just trying to get a sense for trends in hospitals in China as they hopefully come out the other
side of this.

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes.

Operator

And our next question comes from David Lewis with Morgan Stanley.

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Maybe, Jay, a couple of quick ones for you. We didn't get segment guidance for the first quarter, so I just
wonder if you could help us. If COVID has been largely limited impact -- or it sounds more neutral impact
so far for the first quarter. Can you just bridge us from the first quarter guidance, 5% to 6%? Obviously,
the fourth quarter, very, very strong. First quarter is anniversarying an easier comp. So just headwinds
and tailwinds we should be thinking about to sort of -- to think about the fundamental momentum
deceleration in the first quarter? What businesses are stronger, what businesses are weaker? Or what
dynamics changed fourth to first? Just so we can kind of get the bridge. That would be super helpful. Then
one follow-up.

James K. Saccaro
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Overall, looking at the fourth quarter, as we've said in the past, and David, you and I have
discussed, we were very pleased with the performance across the portfolio. We saw strength in every one
of our geographic regions. We also saw strength across the business portfolio in terms of great Medication
Delivery sales, great sales in each of the portfolio. So very strong quarter. There were a couple of onetime

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2020

components in place in the fourth quarter. So we did see some buy-in from distributors related to our
flu business. We did have some benefit on our Advanced Surgery business relative to competitors being
off the market, roughly $15 million. There were some accounting adjustment true-ups at the end of the
year, perhaps around $10 million or so. So we don't see a markedly different trend going from Q4 to Q1.
we will see -- like I said, given the strength of the Medication Delivery, that business will come down a
little bit, but we still expect to have a solid first quarter in that area. So no markedly different trends. And
frankly, if you think about our aspirations that we've talked about over the long term, this Q1 guide is
very consistent with what we've seen and shared in the past. So like I said, there were a couple of specific
items that -- because we're not a 9% growth company at this stage, so there's a couple of specific items
that accentuated the great performance in Q4 that we don't expect to repeat in Q1. And really, that's the
primary driver. No real change in fundamentals.

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. And then, Jay, just a related question, both for the first quarter and for the year. So EPS guidance
for the first quarter, could you just give us the headwinds and tailwinds, first quarter '19 to first quarter
'20, just given the guidance is relatively flattish? And then for 2020, there may be some revenue impact
for 2020, positive or negative. Can you just help us understand if there is a negative impact, how we
should be thinking about the drop-through or the kind of spending activities that are going on inside
Baxter now to support customers?

James K. Saccaro
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. As it relates to Q1 year-over-year, you're right, as we look at our Q1 of 2019, we had $0.75 roughly
in earnings per share, and our current guidance is $0.72 to $0.74. The primary driver is really not related
to operational performance. I would say the #1 driver year-over-year is tax rate difference. Last year, we
had a very large FAS 123R benefit in the first quarter of the year. We also recorded certain other income
in the first quarter, which you can see in our restated financial tables. If we were to adjust for those items,
I think it's roughly a $0.06 impact. So what you would see is the sales growth, along with some slight
operating margin improvement in the first quarter dropping through, and that's really what drives the
performance improvement, offset by some of those financial items that I just referenced.

As we look to the balance of the year, our #1 priority as an organization is to fulfill the mission of the
company: saving and sustaining lives. And that means getting product to our customers consistently
and reliably. What we're seeing is there are situations where there are some extra costs required from a
supply chain standpoint to ensure the continuity of supply, to ensure we're getting critical raw materials
out of impacted geographies, and we will spend to support that. So I would expect that. We had some
very disciplined targets on supply chain spending. But there will be some spending related to supporting
our customers and ensuring consistency of supply. We've got a lot of work that's ongoing in terms of
enhancing cash flow, but we will also be really thoughtful about carrying extra inventory in the coming
months. Because at the end of the day, we have to have sufficient supply, we have to do everything we
can to ensure that. And so we will have -- we will carry some extra inventory of critical products and
products we think are likely to be stockpiled in the event of a broader-scale pandemic. So Dave, as you
can imagine, there are a lot of moving pieces as we look at the coronavirus in different manifestations that
this can take, and so we are prioritizing serving our customers over just about everything else. We're also
focused on ensuring the safety of our employees. So those are a few comments.

Operator

Matt Taylor from UBS.

Matthew Charles Taylor
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

So I just wanted to clarify 2 things on your comments on inventory and supplying customers currently.
Are you starting to run towards higher inventory levels? It didn't seem like it from your commentary. And

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2020

then in terms of people stockpiling, are you starting to ration any product? Or how are you managing your
inventory to make sure that you're going to have enough if this does get much worse?

James K. Saccaro
Executive VP & CFO

So I'll take the inventory question and Joe can take the question regarding customer stockpiles. On
inventory, we are looking to build inventory levels of critical products wherever possible. Now in some
cases, that's not possible because we are running full tilt today. But in cases where we do have the
opportunity to think, first of all, creatively about where we locate our inventory around the globe but also,
are we running the facilities that could support inventory builds at their highest levels, Matt, we have to be
prepared for disruption. We have to be. And so the best way that we know to do that is to build up some
extra inventory, so that to the extent that disruptions do occur, we are prepared and ready. So that's really
our philosophy. You'll see it when we talk about Q1 cash flow, but that's something that we're watching
very carefully, and we're absolutely willing to do and carry in the short term until this situation corrects
itself.

Joe, you want to talk about customer stockpile?

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure. Sure. Matt, we limit hoarding of inventory. Because otherwise you're going to have hospital systems
in the U.S. going out and buying more antibiotic, more this, more that. And we are -- we have a control
tower approach, where we look at everybody's consumptions and we will supply everyone with their
needs. What we want to prevent is people buying months of inventory at a time. They don't even have
a place to store. These are bulky items. So we prefer to do our inventory ourselves. We store things
ourselves. Our operations today -- Bob Reed runs our operations and supply chain for the company, and
is being very thoughtful about how we -- where we put the products. We are starting production lines as
a backup. For instance, we started production line in Mexico for the U.S., that is going to be producing
millions of bags for the U.S. We have other things that we are doing, just in case. But remember, we want
to make sure that everybody gets what they need, and not 1 customer or 2 customers who put in the
order first. So we're triaging things. We're making sure that our U.S. system, through Heather Knight,
is doing a great job in making sure everybody gets what they need. So we're not rationing. We're not
allocating everything. What we're doing is just simply making sure the orders are rational and we'll be able
to ship them correctly where people need.

The same thing with PrisMax. For instance, the Prismaflex, our CRT machines, you have countries putting
orders for hundreds of those, "Well, hang on a minute. Why do you need hundreds? You have less beds
than another country." So we're making sure that we made and sold more CRT machines than we ever did
in a period of time, but we need to make sure that we can make them, their component lead times, their
components were -- we're making sure that we get the supply chain coming in right. The supply chain
comes from China and other places, we're making sure that we're doing things right. So we're here to
serve our customer. Our mission is so important to us. It's sometimes tough to comprehend looking from
the outside, from finance community, how much our employees are committed to our mission. And we'll
do everything we can to make sure everyone has what they need.

Matthew Charles Taylor
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Maybe I can just ask one follow-up. And I appreciate all the comments on mission, and it is very important
right now. The European situation is very fluid. You commented a little bit on China and how that's
returned to normal, so that's encouraging. Was wondering if you could give us any color about what's
going on, on the ground in your businesses in Italy or other places, where we're seeing infections rise and
what that might mean for the U.S.

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2020

First of all, we cannot take China situation for granted because a lot of that has to do with isolation. I
think there are papers out there. There was a paper that I read yesterday from the Imperial College in
London, talking about that communicable nature of the disease, can spread again. So we are not taking
anything for granted. We're very cautious. Our daily calls with our locations always stress the safety of our
employees first and servicing the patients as well. So when it comes to Italy, we have special letters that
we give to employees because we make products in Italy, primarily in Lombardy area. We have 3 plants
there, and we're making fluids and we're making equipment there, and we're making sure the plants have
-- are staffed properly. And so far, we've not -- have had much disruption to those plants, and the crossing
of the border for supplies are -- is happening. So, so far, so good. And Italy is really the hotspot at the
moment as well as Spain. We have a factory in Spain, primarily supplying the Spanish market and some of
the south of Europe market. We also have plants in England. All of these plants are operating, as we say,
with a sense of normalcy, which is kind of not normalcy because everybody has very heightened attention
to everything. And this is just to tell you how committed our people are because they live in their homes
and going to work every day in plants in North Carolina, in Alabama, in England, in Australia, everywhere
in the world, China, 5 plants in China, they all are operating with the normalcy that you would expect
under significant stress on the -- by the outside world and by the news channels and everything that's
happening around them.

Operator

Danielle Antalffy with SVB Leerink.

Danielle Joy Antalffy
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

I hope everyone is staying healthy during these crazy times and safe. Just a quick question, a non-
COVID-19-related question. On the Medication Delivery business, very strong operational sales growth
in Q4. Obviously, that's not likely to continue. But can you help us understand how sustainable any
momentum that you have in the Medication Delivery business is into 2020 and beyond, and the different
drivers of the strong growth that we've been seeing there in the back half of the year?

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

Danielle, just a bit of color on the business. And Jay, if you want to chime in, please do.

James K. Saccaro
Executive VP & CFO

Sure.

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

We are -- what we have done is transformed the U.S. sales and marketing organization. We have done
a very good job in selling pumps and placing pumps last year was a crescendo. This is not something
that you start and get done in one quarter. The fourth quarter was the result of months and months of
preparation of accounts, of bids that we won. This was not an easy, easy path. So I would say that the
pumps, the way they work, they performed in the fourth quarter, they did very well. We are going down
the same path and trying to get the same business in 2020. Because we think we have a pump platform
currently in place and, hopefully, when approved by the FDA, which we don't have a date yet, our new
pump platform, we're going to be able to perform as well or even better with the new platform because
we'll have a more complete set of products that we currently don't have.

We also had good fluid sales. Remember, little anticipation of fourth quarter, not much but some
anticipation of the flu season, at that time, it was not known to the world that the coronavirus was this
dangerous. So I will say that this business has tremendous resilience and aided by a new platform and
a good, good solid pump, which is our version 9 of our, SIGMA SPECTRUM on the market today, we feel
comfortable with the trajectory going forward. Is that going to be easy? No, it's not going to be easy. But

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2020

I think with the contracts that we have signed, which are more long-term contracts, and with the pumps
and sets that we have, I think we can continue to aim to perform well.

James K. Saccaro
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And Danielle, just to add to that, what appreciated about 2019 was that there were some unique set
of circumstances that allowed us to guide to 6% growth. And part of that had to do with an easy comp
and some challenges in the prior year, and then there were some other factors in play. So we were so
thrilled, you can imagine, when we actually exceeded the 6% and delivered 7% growth on a full year
basis, and it's really a testament to the teamwork that Joe described earlier. Having said all of that, we
don't -- we've always said that 2019 was a bit of an anomaly and we will see a lowering of the growth
rate a little bit more in line with what the long-term expectations are for this business. But by no means
are we not incredibly excited because we are. But again, we have to appreciate the specific and unique
circumstances that allow that 7% growth to occur in 2019.

Danielle Joy Antalffy
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

Okay. And then I just have one quick follow-up as it relates to the generic injectables business. And how
dependent is the growth on that business on upcoming new product launches? I ask the question just
because it feels like there's potential for things to even slow down at the FDA. And I'm just curious as to
whether the growth in that business is highly dependent upon products to come. Or do you feel like you
have the portfolio right now to sustain growth there, which has been very strong.

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

So just a curious comment on the FDA, I expect the FDA will slow down the approval process because
people are not working there, mostly working remotely. But interesting, we just got the other day, our
PrisMax 2 approval just came in and came in a couple of months ahead of time. So we made some
changes in hardware, improved and some software change that enable an upcoming digital portfolio with
a WiFi capability and other things, the true view analytics that is going to be on the machine, so we filed
for the 510(k), got approval. So we were kind of surprised, it came so fast. Perhaps that was already in
the pipeline and got accelerated. But I think we -- I just got news the other day, we just filed for another
molecule ahead of time with the FDA. So we can't control and speak on behalf of the FDA. The only thing
I can say is that we expect and we should plan for those delays. And we'll keep you posted as we see
things, as we're going to know much more, probably in a month from now when we're talking to you,
about April, what is going to happen with all this -- with the environment, with the landscape of hospital
purchasing patterns as well as agents approvals and things like that. But just a curious fact about one file
that was sent in ahead of time, and the other one was approved way ahead of time. So some -- it's tough
to predict what's coming.

Operator

Larry Keusch with Raymond James.

Lawrence Soren Keusch
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Jay, you in your prepared comments, I believe, talked about the cash situation of the company, the
drawdown on the European revolver, comments around the U.S. revolver. Could you talk a little bit about
how you are thinking about capital allocation priorities as we think about what the stock has done, what
asset valuations may be doing out there in the market? So just give us some thoughts around that as you
raised, obviously, quite a bit of cash to be ready.

James K. Saccaro
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2020

Yes. Thanks, Larry. We have to be prepared for whatever we can anticipate the coronavirus will -- how
that will emerge. And so as a result of that, we've been really thoughtful about having adequate capital
on hand. This is the time to have the balance sheet work on our behalf, and we want to be absolutely
ready to support the company. And so what we did in the first quarter is we have $200 million plus in
borrowings on our European revolver, and that's a facility we use from time to time. But we've chosen to
leave that $200 million -- we have cash to offset the borrowing and we have nearly $3 billion in cash. We
also recently successfully redid our U.S. revolver, which has a $200 million same-day withdraw feature
on it, and some other contemporary provisions that make it a best-in-class facility. And so we have all
of that in place. What we wanted to ensure is that there would be no disruptions to our operations. So
our primary objective is to ensure we have adequate liquidity on hand, despite the fact that we have a
resilient and durable portfolio. We just -- we want to be ready for all circumstances that might emerge.
But then, there are opportunities that could emerge as a result of this. And so we are seeing asset prices
come down quite substantially in MedTech. And we've seen the share price of that should come down quite
a lot. So as we think about allocation of capital and capital deployment and we also want to be ready to
take advantage of those kinds of opportunities, we were pleased to close the transaction in the quarter.
The Seprafilm film deal was a great one, but we do expect perhaps some of the patients that we've had
over the last several years with respect to capital deployment. Let's see how that fares us in the current
market environment because, as I said, we are seeing asset prices moderate down quite a bit relative to
prior levels.

Joe, do you want to add anything to that?

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. First of all, our first responsibility is to ensure that we have liquidity in the company and we have
plenty of that as -- and we are prepared for anything to come our way. But also, I think, it's worth noting
that we kind of took a long, long pause on speaking about large acquisitions or midsized acquisitions. We
could not justify prices. The P/Es were so high. And I think sometimes time is on the side of the patient,
individual. And we are patient here. And I think perhaps having a good amount of money in the bank
and asset values are being down, I think, maybe is an opportunity for us to continue to look at the M&A
landscape, but I don't discount the fact that also our stock is -- the pricing is pretty attractive.

Operator

Our last question comes from Vijay Kumar with Evercore.

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Quick, maybe a guidance question, Jay. Margins for Q1, I think I heard you say a slight expansion, maybe.
Is this some incremental investments going on for Q1? And free cash conversion, looking at the restated
numbers, it's in the 80s. Is that the new norm? Or should we expect that free cash conversion to step
back to 90s?

James K. Saccaro
Executive VP & CFO

So Vijay, there is some impact in terms of investment in the first quarter related to supply chain and other
activities. But this is a very fluid situation, and we're watching it very carefully. And like I say, while we are
incredibly rigorous on spending across a number of areas, we have to spend to support getting supply to
our patients that need it and our customers that need it, and so we will continue to do that. So this is --
stay tuned on this. We'll have some more commentary when we report Q1 results.

As it relates to free cash flow conversion, if you look at our 2019 result, it was off our expectations.
And really, there were a few factors in play. One is, we had a higher receivables balance, and there
were 2 drivers of that. One is a different business mix than we expected, so we had a little bit more
ex U.S. sales, in sales and higher DSO geographies, leading to a higher DSO. And then second, we
had an incredibly strong December. And the result of that is those sales were not paid off with account

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2020

receivable collections. Those account receivable collections occur in 2020. In addition to that, while
we saw improvements in days inventory on hand, we were off a little bit our expectations. Our days
payable, we did not make enough progress in this particular area. And finally, there were some higher
cash tax payments than we originally budgeted for. Those are the drivers that led to our 2019 free
cash flow performance. What I can tell you is our organization is incredibly focused on enhancing cash
flow performance. And the number that you cited is not the new normal. We brought in a new Chief
Procurement Officer, who is looking across the entire vendor base and restructuring terms and days
payable terms across the vendor base. Our supply chain forecasting process started to pay dividends
at the end of last year. And as we move to this year, it will pay significant dividends. So we are very
optimistic about improvements in free cash flow performance and working capital balance performance,
but I do have to take you back to my comments earlier on, which is over the next several months, we
are not focused on that so much as we are supplying consistently our patients. And if that requires
incremental inventory, which it will, we will carry incremental inventory. So we will have this factor that
comes into play over the next couple of quarters. But it's going to match the tremendous progress that
we're going to make across the board on free cash flow performance.

So with that, I think we can conclude the call. But Vijay, thanks very much for the question, we appreciate
it and the support.

José E. Almeida
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you all and be safe. Be protective of your health, and we wish you all well. Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call with Baxter International. Thank you for
participating. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

