Baker Hughes Company NYSE:BKR
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, October 20, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.21

0.16

(23.81 %)

0.31

0.78

1.26

Revenue  (mm)

5322.66

5093.00

(4.31 %)

5727.20

20992.69

22494.52

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-20-2021 3:02 AM GMT

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

CONSENSUS

0.16

0.12

0.16

0.21

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

ACTUAL

(0.07)

0.12

0.10

0.16

SURPRISE

NM

0.00 %

(37.50 %)

(23.81 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brian Worrell
Chief Financial Officer

Judson Edwin Bailey
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

ANALYSTS

Chase Mulvehill
BofA Securities, Research Division

Ian MacPherson
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

J. David Anderson
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

James Carlyle West
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Marc Gregory Bianchi
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Scott Andrew Gruber
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Baker Hughes Company Third Quarter 2021 Earnings
Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.

I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Jud Bailey, Vice President of Investor
Relations. Sir, you may begin.

Judson Edwin Bailey
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Baker Hughes Third Quarter 2021 Earnings
Conference Call. Here with me are our Chairman and CEO, Lorenzo Simonelli; and our CFO, Brian Worrell.
The earnings release we issued earlier today can be found on our website at bakerhughes.com.

As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will provide forward-looking statements. These
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and assumptions.
Please review our SEC filings and website for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual
results to differ materially. As you know, reconciliations of operating income and other GAAP to non-GAAP
measures can be found in our earnings release.

With that, I will turn the call over to Lorenzo.

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Jud. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. We are pleased with the way the
team has continued to execute on our strategy over the course of the third quarter. At the total company
level, we had a strong orders quarter, grew adjusted EBITDA and adjusted operating income margin rate
sequentially and year-over-year and had another solid quarter of free cash flow.

While we did experience some mixed results across our product companies, on the positive side, TPS
generated strong orders, operating income and margin rates, and OFE had a solid orders quarter. On
the more challenging side, our OFS business was negatively impacted by Hurricane Ida, cost inflation in
our chemicals business and delivery issues stemming from supply chain constraints, while DS also faced
supply chain delays that impacted product deliveries.

As we look at the macro environment, the global economy continues to recover. However, the pace of
growth is being hampered by lingering effects from the COVID-19 Delta variant, global chip shortages,
supply chain issues and energy supply constraints in multiple parts of the world. Despite these headwinds,
global growth appears to be on a relatively solid footing, underpinning a favorable outlook for the oil
market, aided by continued spending discipline by the world's largest producers.

In the natural gas and LNG markets, fundamentals remain strong with a combination of solid demand
growth and extremely tight supply in many parts of the world. In fact, we believe the positive case for
structural demand growth in natural gas as part of the broader energy transition is becoming increasingly
evident.

The current environment illustrates the need for policymakers to focus on the utilization of natural gas
as a baseload fuel that can be combined with renewable energy sources to provide a cleaner, safer, more
affordable and more reliable source of energy to populations around the world.

A number of developed economies have had great success over the last 10 to 15 years, lowering their
carbon emissions by switching from coal to natural gas. However, some policy scenarios have seen a
more rapid conversion straight to renewables, which limits the role of natural gas as a transition fuel and
can lead to broader grid instability. We believe that there is a strong and logical combination of a secure,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

stable baseload of natural gas that is needed to complement renewable energy sources and, in turn, offset
intermittencies.

As we can see from recent events, the costs of moving too aggressively are beginning to surface as
multiple parts of the world are experiencing energy shortages, unprecedented increases in energy prices
and shutdowns and brownouts across multiple industries. The increase in natural gas prices has been most
acute due to a number of factors, including underinvestment in gas reserves, a decline in contribution
from hydroelectric and renewable power and continued increases in energy demand. Ironically, the fallout
from higher prices has also led to an increase in coal consumption, leading to coal shortages and a spike in
coal prices.

Natural gas has been a key contributor to lowering emissions in the United States over the last 15 years
as power generation consumption switched from coal to natural gas. U.S. power consumption of natural
gas has increased from around 16% of total generation to roughly 40% over the past 20 years, while coal
consumption has declined from over 50% of the energy supply mix to approximately 25% over the same
period. By comparison, today, roughly 60% of Asia Pacific's power generation comes from coal and about
10% from natural gas.

As more countries step up their carbon reduction commitments, we believe that natural gas will play a
critical role in displacing higher emission sources like coal and by supporting the growth in renewable
energy technologies with relatively cheaper and affordable baseload power. Natural gas and LNG are
core to Baker Hughes' strategy, and we will continue to play a key role in providing natural gas as a safe,
reliable resource to the world.

In addition to our focus on natural gas and LNG, Baker Hughes has spent considerable time over the last
few years to move and accelerate our broader strategy forward. During the third quarter, we outlined how
we are working to best position Baker Hughes for today and in the coming years.

We have given a lot of thought around how to service the oil and gas and energy markets today while also
investing for the future across the industrial space and various new energy initiatives. While we continue
to execute our strategy through the 3 pillars of transform the core, invest for growth and position for new
frontiers, the way that we're thinking about the company and our broader long-term strategy is clearly
evolving.

As we recently highlighted at an investor conference at the beginning of September, we are starting
to view our company in 2 broad business areas: oilfield services and equipment and industrial energy
technology. On the OFSE side of the company, we have a technology-leading global enterprise with core
strengths in drilling services, high-end completion tools, flexible pipe, artificial lift and production and
downstream chemicals. We strongly believe that these businesses can generate top-tier returns and free
cash flow conversion. OFSE is poised to benefit from cyclical growth in the coming years as we believe that
we are in the early stages of a broad-based multiyear recovery that will be characterized by longer-term
investments into the core OPEC+ countries.

The way we think about industrial energy technology, or IET, is essentially our TPS and DS businesses.
Both product companies have compelling portfolios that are beginning to see significant secular growth
opportunities, particularly in the areas like hydrogen and CCUS. With core competencies across a number
of offerings like power generation, compression and condition monitoring as well as a growing presence in
flow control, industrial asset management and digital, we have a strong foundation on which to build an
even more comprehensive presence in the broad industrial energy technology markets. We believe that
focusing on 2 major business areas with close alignment will enhance our flexibility, improve execution,
increase shareholder returns and provide long-term optionality as the energy markets evolve.

Now I'll give you an update on each of our segments. In oilfield services, activity levels continued to
increase during the third quarter with North America outpacing the international markets broadly. As I just
mentioned, we believe the OFS market is in the early stages of a broad-based multiyear recovery.

Internationally, we saw the strongest rig count growth during the third quarter in Southeast Asia followed
by a more modest growth in the North Sea and Latin America. The return to growth in Russia and the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

Middle East has been slower as OPEC+ is taking a measured approach to increasing production. However,
based on discussions with our customers, the pipeline of opportunities in these regions continues to grow
and will likely be a major driver of international growth in 2022.

In North America, offshore activity was disrupted by hurricanes during the month of August, while
U.S. land continues to steadily move higher. The underlying trends in North America remain the same
with public E&Ps and IOCs remaining disciplined in deploying capital while private E&Ps remain more
active. Based on conversations with our customers, we expect firm activity during the fourth quarter and
continued strong growth in 2022.

While activity levels and pricing discussions are both moving in the right direction, our OFS business has
also had to navigate multiple challenges during the third quarter. These include Hurricane Ida, COVID-
related impacts, supply chain constraints and higher input costs in our production chemicals business.

Despite these challenges, we remain focused on growing our margin rates through a combination of
cost reduction and efficiency initiatives as well as pricing increases to offset higher costs. As a result, we
remain committed to driving OFS EBITDA margins to 20% level over the medium term.

Moving to TPS. The outlook continues to improve driven by opportunities in LNG, onshore/offshore
production, pumps and valves and new energy initiatives. We still expect the order outlook for TPS in 2021
to be roughly consistent with 2020. Importantly, the case for a multiyear growth opportunity beginning
next year continues to improve. While we expect the majority of the order growth in TPS to be driven by
LNG over the next couple of years, we anticipate that we will start to book more meaningful equipment
orders related to hydrogen and CCUS in 2022.

In LNG, while we did not book any awards during the third quarter, we still expect to book 1 or 2
additional awards by the end of 2021. Based on the pace of discussions with multiple customers and the
positive fundamentals in the global gas market, we still see the opportunity for an additional 100 to 150
MTPA of awards over the next 2 to 3 years with a bias towards the upper end of that range.

For the non-LNG segments of our TPS portfolio, we see multiple opportunities for continued growth. Most
notably, our onshore/offshore production segment is poised to benefit from a strong project pipeline for
FPSO awards driven by a number of opportunities in Latin America. In the third quarter, we were pleased
to book 2 large FPSO awards in Brazil for power generation and compression equipment, building on our
recent success early in 2021 and in 2020. We have now booked 8 FPSO and offshore topside equipment
awards so far in 2021, which follows 5 awards in 2020.

We also continue to see success in the industrial market, where TPS recently secured wins for our
NovaLT industrial gas turbine technology in India and China. We are deploying our NovaLT turbines for
power generation across several industrial segments, including electronics, ammonia production and
pharmaceutical manufacturing.

In carbon capture, TPS was selected to supply booster and export centrifugal pumps to the Northern
Lights CO2 transport and storage project in Norway. This order highlights our CO2 pump injection
capabilities and is the first CCUS award for our pumps product line.

For TPS services, we saw continued signs of recovery during the quarter with strong growth across
transactional and contractual services as well as our upgrade business, and we remain optimistic about the
outlook for 2022.

Next, on Oilfield Equipment, we remain focused on rightsizing the business, improving profitability and
optimizing the portfolio in the face of what remains an unclear long-term offshore outlook. Trends in our
OFE business remain somewhat mixed despite Brent prices around $80. We continue to see a strong
pipeline of flexibles order opportunities as well as improving market conditions in our international
wellheads and services business.

For industry-wide subsea trees, we continue to expect modest improvement in 2021 and followed by
some additional growth in 2022. During the third quarter, we were pleased to be awarded a contract by
Chevron Australia to deliver subsea compression manifold technology for the Jansz-Io compression project

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

in offshore Western Australia. This important win builds on our previous success for subsea equipment
orders for Chevron's Gorgon natural gas facility.

We recently completed the merger of our Subsea Drilling Systems business with MHWirth. We own 50%
of the new fully independent company now called HMH. The merger is an excellent example of how we
are transforming the core to ensure that we're making the right strategic decisions for Baker Hughes. By
combining the 2 businesses, HMH will have more capability and a more integrated offering. Customers are
incredibly complementary about this enhanced model. And we look forward to seeing HMH succeed in the
future.

Finally, in Digital Solutions, we saw multiple challenges during the quarter. Electrical component shortages,
largely around semiconductors, boards and displays, led to lower revenue conversion as well as broader
supply chain constraints that drove pressure in the quarter. We recognize that we have work to do in
Digital Solutions to drive operating margins back to an acceptable level. We are implementing changes
across the business to drive operational improvements and ensure that we have the right team in place to
take this business back to where it needs to be.

Core to our strategy in DS is building out our industrial asset management platform. This area of focus
encompasses a range of digital services and products around asset performance, asset inspection and
emissions management. As the world strives towards a net zero target in the coming decades, enterprise-
level industrial asset management capabilities will be a key driver by enabling better operating efficiency,
lowering energy consumption and reducing emissions across multiple industries.

Today, we have a strong position in monitoring critical industrial assets across a range of different
facilities. The next steps in our strategy will be expanding our presence to noncritical assets and
developing software capabilities to allow us to cover the entire balance of plant.

During the quarter, DS continued to expand its industrial asset management presence with a number
of wins across multiple end markets. We were pleased to announce the strategic framework alliance
agreement with SABIC for integrated asset performance management services. This 5-year alliance
includes the delivery of Bently Nevada's plant-wide condition monitoring and machine asset protection
services across over 1,200 assets at over 16 SABIC sites in Saudi Arabia.

The partnership with SABIC will deliver localized maintenance support and access to Bently Nevada's
growing suite of sensors, hardware, software and engineering services, including the expansive, now
cloud-enabled System 1 platform. In Latin America, the Bently Nevada team secured a contract with a
major company to apply System 1 and condition monitoring solutions to 2 hydroelectric plants and a wind
farm. System 1 will deliver proactive asset management to more than 600 megawatts of power between
the 3 power generation facilities, enabling safer and more reliable renewable energy.

Despite a more challenging quarter in parts of our portfolio, we believe that Baker Hughes is uniquely
positioned in the coming years to deliver sector-leading free cash flow conversion while also building one
of the most compelling energy transition growth stories. We are committed to evolving our company with
the energy markets while maintaining our prioritization on free cash flow, returns above our cost of capital
and returning capital to our shareholders.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.

Brian Worrell
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Lorenzo. I'll begin with the total company results and then move into the segment details. Orders
for the quarter were $5.4 billion, up 6% sequentially driven by TPS, OFS and OFE, partially offset by a
decrease in Digital Solutions. Year-over-year, orders were up 5% driven by increases in OFE, OFS and DS,
partially offset by a decrease in TPS.

Remaining performance obligation was $23.5 billion, down 1% sequentially. Equipment RPO ended at
$7.6 billion, down 1% sequentially, and services RPO ended at $15.9 billion, down 2% sequentially. The
reduction in RPO in the quarter was primarily driven by foreign exchange movements.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

Our total company book-to-bill ratio in the quarter was 1.1, and our equipment book-to-bill in the quarter
was 1.1. Revenue for the quarter was $5.1 billion, down 1% sequentially driven by declines in TPS, OFE
and DS, partially offset by an increase in OFS. Year-over-year, revenue was up 1% driven by increases in
OFS, TPS and DS, partially offset by a decrease in OFE.

Operating income for the quarter was $378 million. Adjusted operating income was $402 million, which
excludes $24 million of restructuring, separation and other charges. Adjusted operating income was up
21% sequentially and 72% year-over-year. Our adjusted operating income rate for the quarter was 7.9%,
up 140 basis points sequentially. Year-over-year, our adjusted operating income rate was up 330 basis
points.

Adjusted EBITDA in the quarter was $664 million, which excludes $24 million of restructuring, separation
and other charges. Adjusted EBITDA was up 9% sequentially and up 21% year-over-year.

Corporate costs were $105 million in the quarter. For the fourth quarter, we expect corporate costs to
be flat compared to third quarter levels. Depreciation and amortization expense was $262 million in the
quarter. For the fourth quarter, we expect D&A to be roughly flat sequentially.

Net interest expense was $67 million. Income tax expense in the quarter was $193 million. GAAP earnings
per share was $0.01. Included in GAAP earnings per share are losses from the net change in fair value of
our investment in C3.ai. These charges are recorded in other nonoperating income. Adjusted earnings per
share were $0.16.

Turning to the cash flow statement. Free cash flow in the quarter was $305 million. Free cash flow for
the third quarter includes $40 million of cash payments related to restructuring and separation activities.
We are, again, particularly pleased with our free cash flow performance in the third quarter following the
strength we saw in the first half of 2021. We have now generated almost $1.2 billion of free cash flow in
the first 3 quarters of this year, which includes $210 million of cash restructuring and separation-related
payments. For the total year 2021, we now believe that our free cash conversion from adjusted EBITDA
will exceed 50%.

We are pleased to see the performance this year as we have worked hard to improve our working capital
and cash processes. Our diverse portfolio of capital-light businesses and strong free cash flow performance
provides the company with flexibility and optionality when it comes to our broader capital allocation
strategy.

Last year, this flexibility allowed us to be the only company in our core peer group to maintain its dividend
during the COVID crisis. This year, a recovery from the industry downturn, coupled with our strong cash
performance, enabled us to authorize a $2 billion share repurchase in July, which we began to execute on
in early September. In the third quarter, we repurchased 4.4 million Baker Hughes Class A shares for $106
million at an average price of just over $24 per share.

Going forward, our strong balance sheet and strong free cash flow capability provide us with attractive
optionality to continue to return cash to shareholders and also invest in offerings related to energy
transition. More specifically, in addition to paying our dividend, we intend to repurchase shares on a
consistent basis and deploy capital into tuck-in M&A and technology investments on an opportunistic basis.

Now I will walk you through the segment results in more detail and give you our thoughts on the outlook
going forward. Starting with oilfield services. Revenue in the quarter was $2.4 billion, up 3% sequentially.
International revenue was up 2% sequentially led by increases in Latin America and the Middle East, offset
by declines in Asia Pacific and the North Sea. North American revenue increased 3% with solid growth in
North America land, offset by declines in North America offshore due to Hurricane Ida disruptions.

Operating income was $190 million, up 11% sequentially. OFS operating margin rates expanded 60 basis
points to 7.9% and due to higher volume and lower depreciation and amortization.

Overall, OFS results were below our expectations in the third quarter due to several factors but, most
notably, Hurricane Ida and supply chain-related issues that impacted both revenues and margins. Our

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

chemicals business was the most heavily affected from these issues with some pricing increases offset by
escalating input, freight and logistics costs.

As we look ahead into the fourth quarter, we expect to see solid sequential improvement in international
activity and continued improvement in North America. As a result, we expect sequential revenue growth
for OFS in the fourth quarter in the mid-single digits.

On the margin side, we expect stronger sequential margin improvement in the fourth quarter as some of
the supply chain-related headwinds abate and the expected product sales lead to a more favorable mix. As
a result, we believe that operating margin rates could approach double digits in the fourth quarter.

Although it's still early, I would like to give you some initial thoughts on how we see the OFS market in
2022. In the international market, we expect the continuation of a broad-based recovery with double-
digit growth a likely scenario across all geographic markets. In North America, we have limited visibility
next year due to the short cycle nature of the market. We believe that the region could experience strong
double-digit growth if commodity prices remain at current levels. With this type of macro backdrop, we
would expect to generate double-digit revenue growth in OFS in 2022. Margin rates should also see strong
improvement as some of the recent supply chain and cost escalation headwinds normalize.

Moving to Oilfield Equipment. Orders in the quarter were $724 million, up 68% year-over-year and up 6%
sequentially. Strong year-over-year growth was driven by subsea production systems and subsea services.
As Lorenzo mentioned, orders this quarter were supported by a large contract from Chevron Australia for
subsea compression manifold technology. The sequential improvement was driven by an increase in orders
in subsea drilling systems and subsea services partially offset by lower activity in SPS.

Revenue was $603 million, down 17% year-over-year, primarily driven by declines in SPS, SPC projects
and the disposition of SPC flow, partially offset by growth in subsea services and flexibles. Operating
income was $14 million, down 27% year-over-year, driven by lower volumes. For the fourth quarter, we
expect revenue to decrease sequentially driven by the removal of SDS from consolidated OFE operations.
We expect operating margin rate to remain in the low single digits.

Looking ahead to 2022, we expect a modest recovery in offshore activity driven by higher oil prices and
capital deployment into low-cost basins and projects. We expect OFE revenue to be down primarily driven
by the deconsolidation of SDS. But we expect OFE margins to be in the low to mid-single-digit range
driven by business mix and benefits from the recent cost-out actions taken.

Next, I will cover turbomachinery. Rod and the team delivered another strong quarter with solid execution,
and we are very pleased with the performance the TPS team has delivered this year. Orders in the quarter
were $1.7 billion, down 9% year-over-year. Equipment orders were down 33% year-over-year. As Lorenzo
mentioned, orders this quarter were supported by 2 large FPSO awards in Brazil for power generation
and compression equipment. The year-over-year decrease was primarily driven by a large LNG order we
received in the third quarter of 2020 from Qatar Petroleum.

Service orders in the quarter were up 31% year-over-year driven by increases in transactional services,
contractual services and upgrades. Revenue for the quarter was $1.6 billion, up 3% versus the prior year.
Equipment revenue was up 2%. Services revenue was up 4% versus the prior year.

Operating income for TPS was $278 million, up 46% year-over-year, driven by higher volume and
continued execution on cost productivity. Operating margin was 17.8%, up 520 basis points year-over-
year.

For the fourth quarter, we expect strong sequential revenue growth due to the continued execution of our
LNG and onshore/offshore production backlog as well as typical fourth quarter seasonality. As a result,
TPS operating income should increase on a sequential basis with operating margin rates likely flat due to
equipment project timing.

Looking into 2022, we expect double-digit orders growth in TPS led by LNG opportunities. We also see a
solid pipeline of opportunities in our onshore/offshore production segment along with growth opportunities
in pumps, valves, hydrogen and CCUS. Although we expect to see a strong increase in TPS orders in this

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

environment, we expect revenue to be roughly flat or modestly up in 2022. This will depend on the growth
of services, the pacing of equipment project execution and order intake early in the year. On the margin
side, we expect operating income margin rates to be roughly flat to modestly down, depending on the mix
between equipment and service.

Finally, in Digital Solutions. Orders for the quarter were $523 million, up 6% year-over-year. We saw
growth in orders in industrial and transportation. Sequentially, orders were down 3%, driven by declines
in oil and gas and power. Revenue for the quarter was $510 million, up 1% year-over-year primarily
driven by higher volumes in process and pipeline services and Waygate Technologies, partially offset by
lower volume in Nexus Controls and Bently Nevada. Sequentially, revenue was down 2%, driven by lower
volume in Bently Nevada, partially offset by TPS.

As Lorenzo noted earlier, electrical component shortages and supply chain constraints led to lower revenue
conversion during the quarter. DS also saw some COVID-19 mobility restrictions in Asia Pacific and the
Middle East and delays in plant outages as a result of Hurricane Ida.

Operating income for the quarter was $26 million down 44% year-over-year largely driven by headwinds
from mix of volume supply chain challenges and higher R&D costs. Sequentially, operating income was
up 3%. For the fourth quarter, we expect to see strong sequential revenue and margin rate growth in line
with the traditional year-end seasonality.

Looking into 2022, we expect solid growth in revenue as supply chain constraints begin to ease and orders
pick up across Digital Solutions. With higher volumes, we expect strong improvement in DS margins.

Overall, I am pleased with our continued strong free cash flow execution and TPS business performance.
While we face short-term challenges in our DS and OFS businesses, we are confident in our ability to
execute in the fourth quarter and into 2022.

With that, I will turn the call back over to Jud.

Judson Edwin Bailey
Vice President of Investor Relations
Thanks, Brian. Operator, let's open the call for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from James West with Evercore ISI.

James Carlyle West
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

So Lorenzo, TPS for 2022, I'm curious to hear your thoughts on both order rates, growth rates for that
business. There's a lot of really positive momentum, as you know, in LNG and natural gas in general,
as you highlighted in your prepared comments. And I'd love to kind of hear your broad outlook for that
business as we go into next year because I think we should be -- and maybe even '23, we should be going
into a major cycle for TPS.

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, James. And we feel good about the TPS orders outlook. And we do expect, as was mentioned, that
we'll see double-digit order growth in 2022 and a lot of that driven by the LNG opportunities. We've
spoken about LNG before. And as you look at the outlook for 2030, we increased the capacity requirement
of LNG to 800 MTPA. And during the course of the next few years, we see projects of 100 to 150 MTPA
being awarded, and we've got a bias towards the upper end of that and feel very good about the projects
coming through.

A number of customer discussions that have been ongoing, and you've seen what's happening in the
industry at the moment. So we feel good about LNG with some large FIDs as well as small-midsize
opportunities and then also in the other segments of our TPS business.

When you look at the offshore/onshore production side most notably with some of the FPSOs and a strong
number of opportunities in Latin America coming through; continued traction on the services business,
both transactional and contractual. And then as we go through '22 and beyond, also continued pipeline
of good growth opportunities for our pumps, valves as well as the new energy markets of hydrogen and
CCUS. So this is a good cycle for TPS and orders outlook positive.

James Carlyle West
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Okay. Okay. Good to hear. And maybe leveraging off of that last statement you made on the new energies
business, what are you thinking about growth there in '22 and '23 and beyond? Are you starting -- I mean
this has been -- we're going through a period of -- every day, there's an announcement on hydrogen or
CCUS. But is this starting to translate now into concrete business? Or is that still on the -- how are you
kind of thinking about the new energies business?

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, James. We're definitely seeing the pipeline of opportunities getting more firmed up. And you'll have
seen that, even in 3Q, we announced the selection of TPS to supply booster and export centrifugal pumps
in Northern Light CO2 transport and storage project in Norway.

So previously, we've also made other announcements around the linkage with Air Products. So you're
starting to see the market mature and also the opportunities firm up. As we look to 2022, we expect to
see $100 million to $200 million of orders from the new energy spaces.

And as we go forward during the course of the next 3 to 4 years, we think that it could be around 10%
of our TPS orders coming from the new energy spaces. And as we said before, by the end of the decade,
we could have as much as $6 billion to $7 billion of orders in the new energy spaces. So good traction.
And as you know, we're coming up to COP26 and there's a lot of activity. And we think that with continued
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

regulation and continued support and policies, there's going to be more firming up in the new energy
space as we go forward.

Operator

Our next question comes from Chase Mulvehill with Bank of America.

Chase Mulvehill
BofA Securities, Research Division

So I guess maybe first, if we can just -- can we dig into the OFS a little bit? I mean you gave us some
color around Ida, supply chain friction and kind of raw material cost inflation hampering 3Q results. But
could you maybe just expand a little bit on that? And I don't know if you want to quantify the impacts of
each and maybe some of the timing of getting some of this stuff resolved.

Brian Worrell
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, Chase. I'll give you some more color on that. Look, as I said, OFS revenues were up 3% sequentially
in the quarter. North America land actually basically performed in line with overall market trends when you
factor in the heavy influence of our oilfield and industrial chemicals business. And international, we did see
some increases primarily in Latin America, Russia and the Middle East that were offset by declines in some
other areas due to some of the one-off factors that we talk about.

So if I break it down and look at what was going on and what impacted revenue, a couple of things there.
First, we did mention Ida as well as some of the supply chain constraints. So I'd say these 2 items cost us
about $30 million to $40 million in revenue during the quarter. Ida, obviously pretty straightforward as to
what was going on. Logistics were impacted by just timing of some shipments, some COVID-related things
and a couple of our suppliers and a couple of factories that will come back, not anything lost there. And
then Asia Pacific specifically was modestly down during the quarter, really related to some COVID delays
and mobility issues. And that was about $10 million to $15 million of that overall revenue impact.

And I'd say in the second area where we saw some impacts in the quarter, again, I think they're transitory,
were around margin impacts related to some of the supply chain items that I talked about. Most notably,
we saw some higher freight and shipping costs across several product lines that resulted in higher cost in
the quarter. We saw that particularly in lift and in the chemicals business. And while we have been pushing
price increases, there is a delay in that coming through with some of the contracts and things that we
have in place.

And I'd say, Chase, we -- as far as the COVID-related items go in factories and stuff, we have been
working with the supply chain to build up inventory and safety stock to be able to handle that as we move
forward. And then on the logistics front, we are starting to see that stabilize and ease a bit. We saw a lot
of capacity constraints, particularly in air, as commercial aviation is well below prepandemic levels and
you don't have as much room in the belly of planes with fewer flights. So as the U.S. opens up and more
countries open up here, we're starting to see that creep back up, and we've got good plans to deal with
that.

And look, I'd say the team made some really smart decisions here in the quarter on some of the product
sales, Chase, where we saw logistics cost increase. We work with our customers to make sure we weren't
impacting their timings. And the team decided not to ship at some of these higher costs and expedited
freight costs and did the right thing for customers and for shareholders in terms of delaying some of those
shipments and getting the lower cost as we look here in the fourth quarter.

So over it, on top of it, everybody is working on it, and I think most of this is transitory. We're still
spending a lot of time on chemicals as they have some unique things going on in the supply chain but feel
good about OFS and the margin trajectory we laid out over the short to medium term here.

Chase Mulvehill
BofA Securities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

Yes. Yes. And you mentioned chemicals here. So as a follow-up, maybe if we can just pull chemicals out
and just kind of talk about separately about some of the issues that were happening in 3Q. You talked
about some raw material cost inflation, supply chain issues, freight. But maybe just hash that out and just
kind of lay out the path of kind of getting chemicals margins and -- back up to kind of where they were
pre-COVID or maybe even above.

Brian Worrell
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, Chase. Look, I'd say the chemicals business actually had about 100 bps drag on overall OFS margins
in third quarter due to the input cost that we saw come through in some of the logistics challenges. And
look, we have instituted multiple price increases in the chemicals business. But most of our large contracts
have contractual price renegotiations every 3 to 6 months. And when we put some of these increases
in place, it does take some time for them to roll through based on the contracts that we have. But spot
prices have definitely been taken up. Given how quickly we saw increases from inputs like ethylene and
propylene, there is a bit of a delay in terms of getting that through to customers.

The other thing in our chemicals business that's a bit unique for us is we've been particularly impacted by
our sizable presence in North America and our concentration of supply in the Gulf Coast. About 75% of
our supply chain rolls to the Gulf Coast, which has been impacted by several things this year: earlier, the
Texas freeze; and then obviously, in August, Hurricane Ida. And about 10% of our North America chemical
business is in the Gulf Coast. So that saw a drop here in the quarter as well.

So look, we've got some pretty good contracts in place. We've worked to diversify the supply base here in
the short term. I'd also remind you that we started back in 2018. And I'm happy to say that in the early
part of 2022, our factory in Singapore should be up and running. That is going to be a natural margin
accretion, Chase, as we have secured pretty favorable input costs there and are going to be closer to a lot
of our customers in Asia, which will naturally cut down on logistics costs. The Head of Supply Chain for --
Maria Claudia is spending his (sic) [ her ] time down in Sugar Land and working to make sure these things
are smoothed out here.

So for us, it really boils down to 2 things. It's getting those price increases through, which I feel good --
we'll start to fill them coming. And we've worked hard on the supply chain to make sure that the logistics
are squared away. And we're working on the supply base as far as the input costs go.

And I just note that, typically, the chemicals business is accretive to overall OFS margins. They've done
a great job through the first half of the year. We did see that flip in the third quarter here and do think
it's transitory. And as things start to normalize, that business will see margin rates improve. And again,
Chase, we'll just reiterate that we feel good about the margin track that we laid out for OFS and being
able to deliver on that 20%-plus EBITDA here in the near to medium term.

Operator

Next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

The kickoff question for me is around Digital Solutions. The operating margins have lingered in that 5%
range for the last 3 quarters. You identified some supply chain concerns in the release. How do you see
the margin dynamics in the business moving in 4Q, especially with year-end sales and supply chain
concerns? And when do you see some of those issues abating?

Brian Worrell
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, Neil. Look, as we did say, we did see a few challenges in the quarter. And I'd say the supply chain
is primarily focused around electrical component shortages, largely around semiconductors, boards and
displays that led to really some lower convertibility in the quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

And there's real tightness in supply in that market. We did have a quality issue from one of our suppliers
that came out late in the quarter. And with the tightness in the supply chain and in the supplier base, that
typically could have been rectified within the quarter. That has certainly had an impact and made some of
the shipments slip out.

I'd say, overall, the component shortages -- and a little bit around logistics and similar things we saw in
Asia in OFS, we also saw in DS, roughly impacted the top line, about 3% to 4% in the quarter. Look, we've
been well aware of this. We've been taking preemptive steps to make sure we have got the right products
to fulfill. And I'd say the teams do daily production meetings on this and move things around accordingly.
We have started to see that stabilize a little bit and feel good that we've got what we need to deliver in the
fourth quarter from a supply chain standpoint and are obviously working on 2022 as we speak today.

Look, to get margins back up into the mid-teens, which is where they should be, it will require higher
volume and more recovery from our biggest businesses like Bently Nevada, Nexus and Waygate. And
for fourth quarter, in particular, we do see a strong sequential revenue in line with traditional year-end
seasonality. As I said, the supply chain constraints around electrical components is stabilizing. And the
logistics, we've worked through similar to what we've done in OFS and have that lined up for the quarter
as well. So look, we should see margin rate growth in line with the traditional seasonality as well.

And then for 2022, the team is working hard to make sure supply chain is certainly not an issue. And
again, it comes down to getting those orders in, in the big businesses, which we've got a really solid
pipeline. And as we see the economy recover, we should see strength in those businesses, particularly in
the industrial sector.

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

That's really helpful.

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

And Neil, just to add, maybe, I think we have a good understanding of what we need to do at Digital
Solutions. And clearly, it's an aspect of organizational changes, supply chain improvements and also
commercial intensity. But as Brian laid out, going into 2022, those margin rates should improve and we
see, again, Digital Solutions getting back to where it needs to be. So a big focus by myself and Brian on
getting it back on track.

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

No, that makes sense, Lorenzo. That's a good follow-up here in terms of can you provide some
incremental color on how the strategy of operating OFS and OFE and TPS and DS as, more distinctly,
different groups is going? And then how are you thinking about potential opportunities for maximizing
shareholder value eventually? Is the long-term plan here that the businesses are separated?

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, Neil. Again, you may have seen at an investor conference in September, we've really laid out the
way in which we view the business from 2 areas: one being the upstream oilfield services and equipment
side, which has a tailwind, but it's also a mature marketplace; and then the emerging higher growth in
industrial energy technology. As you look at it, we also said it makes sense to keep it together and really
run the 4 product companies as we do today, but it provides optionality as we go forward as well. And
we'll always look at it from what's best for the shareholder return standpoint.

There are benefits from a customer base perspective. There's also synergies from a technology standpoint,
and we'll continue to run it on that basis and also continue to review what's best for the shareholders
going forward. So that's really -- the key focus was to try and depict really the 2 growth areas that we

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

have, one in the more mature space but then the evolving space of energy transition and also industrial
applications for us.

Brian Worrell
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, Neil. And I'd just add that, look, we're paying close attention to the market. And ultimately, that will
dictate capital allocation in these businesses and how we invest. And we're starting to see the market
evolve and push for more integration between our offerings, which is a good thing. And we see multiple
opportunities here, particularly in new energy and in the digital space for the teams to work together
across the portfolio.

But clearly, as the market evolves, there will be different capital allocation priorities for those 2 big areas.
And we'll keep you guys updated on how we think about it. And I'd just remind you that with the HMH
deal that just closed, we've clearly demonstrated that we're willing to do things differently for the portfolio
to increase overall returns and make these businesses successful in different markets.

Operator

Our next question comes from Scott Gruber with Citigroup.

Scott Andrew Gruber
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

I just wanted to continue on the same line of inquiry, I guess ask it a little bit more directly. I guess if you
do see proper value attribution for the industrial energy technology side of the business embedded within
Baker's stock, would you then be inclined to remain integrated? I mean is that just really the primary issue
here?

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, Scott. Look, I think, again, we wanted to depict the optionality that we have, and that's why we
clearly laid out the 2 business areas. And ultimately, we think that it's a topic that investors and the
market will decide as we go forward. We see that there are synergies there today, as we mentioned
before, on just the global scale, the customer base, and we'll continue to monitor as that evolves. What
it provides for us is also differentiation in the marketplace. Again, we've got a portfolio that can really cut
across the landscape of energy within these 2 different business areas.

Scott Andrew Gruber
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Got it. And then just turning back to OFS. A few of your peers are starting to highlight selective areas of
pricing gains, both domestically and internationally. Are you seeing pricing traction on discrete services,
particularly on the international side, where we just have less insight? And when contemplating the
20% EBITDA margin goal, how much pricing is required to get to that margin threshold if there's much
contemplated when putting forth that goal?

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. I'll kick it off here, Scott. And then generally speaking, we've been pushing pricing to offset the cost
inflation. And we've seen success in that outside of the chemicals business, which is, as Brian mentioned,
going to take a little longer due to the way the contractual agreements work.

Where we're seeing the largest gains is in North America, also in some of the markets internationally. I'd
say one area that remains competitive is some of the larger tenders in the Middle East on the turnkey
aspect. And again, we're being very much focused in how we price and looking to offset inflation.

Brian Worrell
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

Yes. I would just add to that, when you look at the path to 20%, we're not counting on net price to get us
there. It's really working hard to offset the inflation, particularly in chemicals, as I mentioned here. But
again, we have -- we've been executing a lot in terms of improving margins in OFS.

And I'd just remind you -- again, I mentioned the chemical factory that's going to be starting in Singapore
in the first half of the year. In addition to that, we have a lot of the initiatives that have been taking hold
over the last 12 to 18 months, including remote operations. We still are closing down some rooftops. And
we've got some supply chain moves, where we're moving things closer to our largest customer base.

So there's still some of the things, Scott, that we put into place that haven't fully matured and aren't fully
reflected in the results yet. And that will come through in the fourth quarter and into next year as we
bridge over to that 20%-plus EBITDA rate.

Operator

Next question comes from David Anderson with Barclays.

J. David Anderson
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

A question on the mix of TPS revenue going into '22 and '23, particularly on the pace of backlog
conversion. I guess I'm curious, is it fair to say the aftermarket services has been much slower to convert
over the last couple of years and that should accelerate in the next couple of years?

And then, secondarily, the equipment side on backlog conversion, how does that compare to historical? Is
that normal? Kind of just help me understand how you see those 2 components moving forward. I heard
your guidance on kind of the TPS revenue and the orders, but just maybe a little bit more color on the mix
between those 2 categories, please.

Brian Worrell
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Yes, David. Look, I mean, Rod and the team have done an outstanding job this year. And I'd say
from a backlog conversion standpoint, and I've seen this for almost 20 years now in TPS, things can move
around from a project timing perspective with -- it's mostly customer schedules that move that with some
moving forward and some being pushed back.

So I'd say what we're seeing right now is just typical movement across the backlog. Our actually capability
and capacity to fulfill has certainly gotten better over the last few years. And so we can have that
flexibility for our customers. And so I'd say what you've seen this year is you've seen some projects move
in. You've seen some projects move out. And just given the order cadence and how that cycle is -- has
played out, that's really what's driven the uptick in what we see in equipment revenue for 2022.

As far as services go, look, we saw a bit of a dip last year. Contractual services has performed exactly in
line with how we thought. We did see some movement in transactional services. And then we started to
see an uptick in upgrades coming through this year. And the tailwinds for services look pretty good for
next year as well. So while you may not see the same level of growth that you do in equipment because
of the way the backlog is going to convert, we're pretty happy with the trajectory that we see in TPS
services.

So I'd just break that down again. Contractual services have performed right in line with what we
expected. Transactional orders are up this year, and we expect revenue to be up next year for that. And
the upgrade cadence looks pretty good as well.

So listen, overall, next year margins for both businesses are -- within TPS are going to be strong. The
overall margin rate is really going to depend on the mix of equipment versus services.

And the other thing I'd just add about the performance here is the cost productivity has been outstanding
this year with how Rod and the team have been executing. I would expect that they would drive
productivity next year. Given everything we're seeing in the commodity markets, not prudent right now to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

count on it falling through at the same level given some of the potential inflation that's coming through.
But I think we've demonstrated this year that, that team can drive productivity, and it's shown up in the
margin rates. And they're ahead of where we thought they'd be at this time, and really pleased with that
and feel good about the outlook for next year.

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

Just to add on the -- if you look at the LNG outlook that we indicated and the potential for the 100 to
150 MTPA, and we're on the upper end of that, you're going to be increasing our installed base, which
obviously we're seeing an additional 30% of installed base by 2025, which then gives us a good outlook
for services as well going forward.

J. David Anderson
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Absolutely. That's a great point, Lorenzo. Lorenzo, on a different subject, I was curious your views on
offshore today. Are you starting to feel a little bit better about offshore? You've been kind of -- your
outlook on offshore has been rather conservative. You saw a nice pickup of orders this quarter in OFE in
Guyana, in Australia and now starting to see a lot more coming out of Brazil. It's more than trees, yes, of
course, but I was just wondering if you could kind of maybe just kind of talk about how you're seeing that
develop. Are you more optimistic for maybe the second half of '22 as offshore start coming in and playing
a greater role? You had nice orders, but obviously, we're still kind of below where we normally should be.

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, Dave. And clearly, with the pricing where it is at the moment, there is some improvement. I'd say,
though, it still remains challenged. And just when you look at the capacity that's still in the marketplace
and -- again, we don't see it going back to the levels of prior year still for another couple of years.

So yes, there is some improvement, in particular around the wellhead business, also on the services
side when you look at flexible pipes. As you look at trees and awards on trees, again, some modest
improvement in '21 and additional growth in '22, but it's still difficult to see it achieving the historic levels
and those being sustained.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ian MacPherson with Piper Sandler.

Ian MacPherson
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Lorenzo, back to your strategic options for IET versus OFSE. Do you view the OFSE side as still overly
complex competitively? I mean do you think that M&A is a key consideration in terms of improving market
structure that needs to happen on the mature side of the business? Do potential M&A synergies factor into
your calculus there? Are you really thinking more about optimizing value kind of an independent basis,
excluding market structure?

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

As you look at the marketplace, clearly, there are some big players. And we're really focusing on the
optimization, improving the margin rates and really the operational improvements within our upstream
business. And as you look at some tailwinds, clearly, demand is increasing, and we do expect to get back
up to 2019 demand levels. So we'll continue to evaluate the prospects on each of the businesses. And
again, it's more a margin focus, as we said before, for the OFSE business.

Ian MacPherson
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

Okay. And then either Lorenzo or Brian, I was going to ask a follow-up on the near-term outlook for orders
in TPS, just thinking -- reconciling your full year guidance for this year for orders to be fairly similar to
last year's. And yet, you could have -- it sounds like you could have materially more big LNG orders in Q4
versus essentially not in Q3, which seems like that could tilt the scales to a positive year-on-year comp.
Am I thinking about that correctly? Or are there other pieces below the surface that would iron that out?

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, Ian. And just as you correctly state, we didn't book any LNG orders in third quarter. And as you know,
there's a bit of lumpiness when it comes to LNG, their large-scale orders. And we do expect to book 1 or 2
additional awards in the fourth quarter.

Based on the current discussions we're having with customers and also some of the seasonality, as you
look at TPS orders, we'll likely be modestly up sequentially and flat year-over-year for the fourth quarter
in 2021. And then as you go into 2022, again, we've stated before, we expect double-digit order growth
led by the LNG opportunities. And there is some timing elements there, but I feel very good about the
2022 double-digit orders expectation.

Ian MacPherson
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Indeed. And did I hear correctly, you said that up to 10% of that could be for the new energy pieces next
year versus a very low comp this year?

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

No, not next year. It's as you look out to the next 3 to 4 years.

Brian Worrell
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. We said about $100 million to $200 million for the new energy next year.

Operator

Our next question comes from Marc Bianchi with Cowen.

Marc Gregory Bianchi
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

I wanted to start maybe on a higher-level question as it relates to the OFSE and IET division that you're
talking about. There are some others in the business that are talking about integrating subsea production
systems and carbon capture offshore. I'm curious if that -- how you see that opportunity and if that could
perhaps become a limiting factor to eventually separating those businesses.

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, Marc. As we mentioned before, we see synergies that exist between the oilfield services and
equipment as well as the industrial energy technology. We're retaining the 4 product companies. And in
fact, we have synergies across the capabilities of CCUS, as you know, from a drilling perspective, also
from a storage reservoir understanding as well as then the capture from the compression side. So we
continue to look at it from a holistic basis as those opportunities arise.

Brian Worrell
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Marc, I would say I don't think how the businesses work together limit optionality in the long run.
I mean we've got tons of examples of partnerships across the industry today. So again, we're going to
be really focused on margins and cash and returns in the upstream business and IT, its growth, taking
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

advantage of what's going on in the new energy space. And again, we'll look at overall shareholder return
as we think about structure over the long term. But where these businesses naturally work together, I
don't think that's a hindrance to any structure going forward. And in fact, I think it could help in multiple
structures.

Marc Gregory Bianchi
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Yes. Okay. Brian, on the share repurchase pace, so about $100 million in the third quarter, but you didn't
start -- you didn't have a full quarter of having the program in place. Just kind of curious how -- when you
actually started that in the third quarter and if that would be a reflective type of buyback versus what we
could see going forward.

Brian Worrell
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Look, we started up in September with the program and, look, have continued to be active. And
listen, our goal here is to continue to be in the market. And from a capital allocation standpoint, we like
the dividend. We like the pace of buyback. We've generated quite a bit of free cash flow and have excess
cash to deploy in that space. And we still have capital to deploy in the tuck-in M&A and technologies that
we talked about here.

So from a buyback standpoint, we'll continue to be in the market. And look, we'll also be opportunistic if
things change, and we have an opportunity to do more. So that's the thing I like about our free cash flow
capabilities. It gives us some optionality here to continue to drive returns, and we'll do that.

Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President & CEO

All right. I think -- I was just going to say I think that concludes the call. So I just wanted to thank
everyone for joining the earnings call today and just leave you with a couple of thoughts.

We're really pleased with the way the team has executed and continues to execute on our strategy over
the course of the third quarter. While we had some mixed results across OFS and DS, we're pleased with
the strong operating and orders performance at TPS and a solid quarter of free cash flow.

Looking ahead, we see a multiyear cycle in the OFS business and a multiyear growth cycle for TPS led
by LNG and new energy initiatives. So we're going to continue to execute our strategy through the 3
pillars of transform the core, invest for growth and position for new frontiers. And as I mentioned, the
way we're thinking about the company and our broader long-term strategy is evolving. We are starting to
view our company in the 2 broad business areas of oilfield services and equipment and industrial energy
technology.

We feel Baker Hughes is uniquely positioned in the coming years to evolve with the energy markets and
grow in the industrial space while maintaining our prioritization on free cash flow, returns above our cost
of capital and returning capital to shareholders.

So thanks for taking the time and look forward to speaking to you again. And operator, you may close the
call.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a
wonderful day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

BAKER HUGHES COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 20, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

