BlackRock, Inc. NYSE:BLK
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, July 14, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

9.46

10.03

Revenue  (mm)

4612.34

4820.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-14-2021 7:44 AM GMT

6.03

4.50

10.00

37.89

43.64

4858.91

19045.66

20936.09

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

7.78

9.03

7.68

9.46

9.22

10.18

7.77

10.03

18.51 %

12.74 %

1.17 %

6.03 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
BLACKROCK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Christopher Joseph Meade
Senior MD, General Counsel &
Chief Legal Officer

Gary Stephen Shedlin
Senior MD & CFO

Laurence Douglas Fink
Chairman & CEO

Robert Steven Kapito
President & Director

ANALYSTS

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Craig William Siegenthaler
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Daniel Thomas Fannon
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Kenneth Brooks Worthington
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Michael J. Cyprys
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Patrick Davitt
Autonomous Research LLP

William Raymond Katz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

BLACKROCK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning. My name is Jerome, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would
like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock, Inc. Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Teleconference.

Our hosts for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial
Officer, Gary S. Shedlin; President, Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel, Christopher J. Meade.
[Operator Instructions]

Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.

Christopher Joseph Meade
Senior MD, General Counsel & Chief Legal Officer

Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I'm Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock.

Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of
forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results may, of
course, differ from these statements.

As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which lists some of the factors that may cause the
results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not
undertake to update any forward-looking statements.

So with that, I'll turn it over to Gary.

Gary Stephen Shedlin
Senior MD & CFO

Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. It's my pleasure to present results for the second quarter
of 2021.

Before I turn it over to Larry to offer his comments, I'll review our financial performance and business
results. While our earnings release discloses both GAAP and as-adjusted financial results, I will be focusing
primarily on our as-adjusted results.

Last month at our 2021 Investor Day, we highlighted how the investments we have consistently made to
support growth have enabled us to execute on our framework for shareholder value. We have invested and
evolved over time to create a globally integrated investment and technology platform that enables clients
to construct resilient whole portfolios that meet their objectives regardless of market environment or risk
appetite.

And we continue to invest in our industry-leading high-growth franchises such as ETFs, private markets
and technology and are accelerating investments to drive growth in our ESG, traditional active and
solutions capabilities. The combination of our comprehensive and integrated investment platform with
global and local distribution capabilities once again delivered strong results for the quarter. And we remain
very well positioned to continue delivering differentiated organic growth in the future.

BlackRock generated total net inflows of $81 billion in the second quarter, representing 4% annualized
organic asset growth. As previously disclosed, second quarter net inflows included the full impact of a $58
billion low fee institutional index redemption from a large U.S. public pension client. Strong net inflows
from ETFs and our entire active franchise once again contributed to this quarter's robust 10% annualized
organic base fee growth.

Over the last 12 months, our broad-based platform, pairing diverse investment capabilities with best-
in-class technology and rigorous risk management, has generated over $500 billion of total net inflows,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

BLACKROCK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

representing 13% organic base fee growth, well in excess of our 5% long-term target. Second quarter
revenue of $4.8 billion increased 32% year-over-year, and operating income of $1.9 billion rose 37%.

Earnings per share of $10.03 was up 28%, also reflecting lower nonoperating income and a higher
effective tax rate compared to a year ago. Strong year-over-year comparisons benefited in part from
significant improvements in equity market conditions versus a year ago.

Nonoperating results for the quarter included $145 million of net investment income primarily driven
by mark-to-market gains in our private equity co-investment and unhedged seed capital portfolios. Our
as-adjusted tax rate for the second quarter was approximately 24%. We now estimate that 24% is a
reasonable projected tax run rate for the remainder of 2021 primarily reflected an increase in certain state
tax rates, though the actual effective tax rate may differ as a consequence of nonrecurring or discrete
items or potential changes in tax legislation during the year.

Second quarter base fee and securities lending revenue of $3.8 billion was up 27% year-over-year
primarily driven by the positive impact of market beta on average AUM and strong organic base fee
growth, partially offset by higher discretionary money market fee waivers, lower securities lending
revenue and strategic pricing investments over the last year. Sequentially, base fee and securities lending
revenue was up 5%. However, our effective fee rate was down 0.3 basis points as strong organic base fee
growth driven by our higher fee active businesses and the impact of 1 additional day in the current quarter
were more than offset by higher discretionary money market fee waivers and the impact of divergent
equity beta in the quarter.

During the second quarter, we incurred approximately $165 million of gross discretionary yield support
waivers driven in part by continued strong flows into our U.S. government money market funds. While
the Fed's recent technical adjustments to the IOER and RRP have modestly helped, we still expect
discretionary fee waivers to persist at or around current levels for the near term. However, future levels
of discretionary fee waivers may also be impacted by several additional factors, including the level of AUM
and funds with existing waivers, gross yields and competitive positioning.

Performance fees of $340 million were up significantly from a year ago, reflecting strong performance
across our entire investment platform, including liquid and illiquid alternatives and long-only strategies.
Quarterly technology services revenue increased 14% from a year ago, while annual contract value or
ACV increased 16% year-over-year and continued to reflect strong growth from the second quarter of
2020, which was impacted by slower sales and extended contracting in the early days of the pandemic. We
remain committed to low to mid-teens growth in ACV over the long term.

Total expense increased 29% versus the year-ago quarter driven primarily by higher compensation, direct
fund and G&A expense. Employee compensation and benefit expense was up 34%, primarily reflecting
higher incentive compensation driven by higher operating income and performance fees and higher
deferred compensation, reflecting the impact of additional grants associated with prior year compensation
and certain compensation arrangements related to a previous acquisition.

Direct fund expense increased 30% year-over-year, primarily reflecting higher average index AUM.

G&A expense was up $73 million or 19% year-over-year primarily driven by higher technology, portfolio
services and marketing spend. Sequentially, G&A expense was down $124 million, reflecting the impact of
approximately $180 million of product launch costs incurred in the first quarter, partially offset by higher
technology and marketing spend. Intangible amortization expense increased $10 million year-over-year as
a result of our Aperio acquisition.

Our second quarter as-adjusted operating margin of 44.9% was up 120 basis points from a year ago,
benefiting in part from significant equity market improvements over the last year.

BlackRock has never been positioned -- has never been better positioned to take advantage of the
opportunities before us. And we remain committed to optimizing organic growth in the most efficient
way possible. Our capital management strategy remains first to invest in our business, including through
prudent use of our balance sheet, and then to return excess cash to shareholders. We see incredible

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

BLACKROCK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

opportunity to make Aladdin the language of all portfolios and are investing to evolve Aladdin for its next
leg of growth.

As Larry will discuss in more detail, during the second quarter, we announced a partnership with Baringa,
including the acquisition of their industry-leading climate chain scenario model, which will enhance Aladdin
Climate's capabilities and set a new standard for climate analytics.

In addition, yesterday, we announced a minority investment in SpiderRock Advisors, a tech-enabled
asset manager focused on providing professionally managed option overlay strategies. This investment
adds incremental product capabilities to our recent acquisition of Aperio and extends our market-leading
personalized SMA franchise.

We also repurchased an additional $300 million worth of shares in the second quarter and stand by
previous guidance as it relates to share repurchases for the remainder of the year.

As we discussed at Investor Day, our strong and resilient platform has never been better positioned to
deliver for clients as we leverage our scale, unique insights and solutions orientation to meet their long-
term investment needs.

Quarterly net inflows of $81 billion reflect a continued momentum across our entire investment business,
especially in our ETF and active platforms. Our ETFs generated net inflows of $75 billion in the second
quarter, representing 11% annualized organic asset and base fee growth. We also crossed $3 trillion in
assets globally for the first time.

Core equity and higher fee precision ETFs continued to generate strong inflows, particularly in international
equities. However, most of our growth this quarter came from the strategic category, led by continued
strength in our sustainable ETFs and renewed strength in fixed income as well as steady positive flows into
factor and thematic ETFs.

Retail net inflows of $21 billion, representing 9% annualized organic asset growth and 10% annualized
organic base fee growth, were positive in both the U.S. and internationally and across all major asset
classes. Inflows continue to reflect broad-based strength across the entirety of our active platform, and
we remain well positioned to capture demand for both active equities and investor appetite for yield where
our diversified fixed income range, including unconstrained, high-yield, international and broad market
strategies, is equipped to meet client demand in any rate environment.

BlackRock's institutional active net inflows of $43 billion were led by $35 billion of multi-asset net inflows
largely driven by a significant outsourced CIO mandate from a U.K. pension client. As Larry will also
discuss, BlackRock is uniquely positioned to deliver customized whole portfolio solutions by capitalizing on
our global scale, expertise in investment, technology and risk management and focus on sustainability.

During the second quarter, we also saw a continued demand for active fixed income and the liquid
alternatives and LifePath target date offerings. Institutional index net outflows of $80 billion were
impacted by the previously mentioned single client redemption during the quarter. Outflows from index
equities were partially offset by inflows into fixed income as clients rebalance portfolios after significant
equity market gains or sought to immunize portfolios through LDI strategies.

Despite overall asset net outflows across BlackRock's institutional franchise for the quarter, annualized
organic base fee growth was 6% as net inflows into higher fee active and alternative strategies more
than offset the de minimis base fee impact of low fee index equity outflows. Overall, BlackRock generated
approximately $63 billion in quarterly active net flows across the platform, matching our ninth consecutive
quarter of positive active equity flows.

Demand for alternatives also continued with nearly $7 billion of net inflows into liquid and illiquid
alternative strategies during the quarter driven by single strategy hedge funds, fund of hedge fund
solutions, real assets, private credit and private equity solutions. Fundraising momentum remains strong,
and we have approximately $31 billion of committed capital to deploy for institutional clients in a variety of
alternative strategies, representing a significant source of future base and performance fees.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

BLACKROCK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

Finally, BlackRock's cash management platform continued to grow, generating $23 billion of net inflows in
the second quarter driven by both prime and U.S. government money market funds. Despite facing near 0
returns in both the U.S. and Europe, client demand for cash strategies remained strong, given significant
liquidity in the financial system. And by helping clients manage their cash, we are building broader and
deeper strategic relationships.

Our continued strong performance is a direct result of a thoughtful growth strategy that has been well-
executed by a talented group of purpose-driven employees who live the One BlackRock culture each day.
We are thankful for their tremendous effort and contributions to our success for these last 18 months. We
will continue to embrace change and invest responsibly for the future so that we can meet the needs of all
of our stakeholders.

With that, I'll turn it over to Larry.

Laurence Douglas Fink
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Gary. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the call.

We are once again reporting earnings today from our headquarters in New York City. And I'm happy to
see more and more of our colleagues in the office in recent weeks, and I remain cautiously optimistic for a
gradual return to having people back in the office and a little normalcy.

After more than a year of virtual meetings, I spent the last few weeks meeting with clients in person
again. I also spoke at the G20 in Venice on Sunday about sustainability and climate change, and it was
great to be back on the road.

Our business is built on listening to the people we serve and understanding their needs. And there is
no substitute for meeting face to face with people to hear directly from them about their investment
challenges, their opportunities and what lie ahead for them.

It is through these conversations that we're able to build a deeper relationship with our clients across their
whole portfolio and to ensure BlackRock is always evolving and staying current and staying in front of their
needs. This long-standing client-centric approach is powering consistently strong results for the benefit of
all our stakeholders.

Total net inflows of $81 billion in the second quarter, representing a 10% organic base fee growth, were
driven by continued momentum in strategic growth areas. We saw client demand in our ETFs and illiquid
alternatives, our active and sustainable strategies as well as our scaled cash management solutions. And
we developed 14% year-over-year growth in technology services revenues as clients increasingly turned
to Aladdin.

We have now delivered organic base fee growth in excess of our 5% target for 5 consecutive quarters,
including 13% over the last 12 months from over $500 billion of net inflows. This is driving strong financial
performance, and I'm very confident that we have significant room to grow as we are partnering with
more clients on larger and more comprehensive mandates than ever before in our history.

The global economic restart continues to broaden in the second quarter as vaccinations were rolled
out, and some countries are gradually reopening. With significant amounts of cash still in the sidelines,
markets are anticipating continued growth near term. Despite the potential for various restrictions in
certain regions, certain countries due to the variant, we have seen equity markets rally year-to-date with
most indexes up over 10% from the first half of the year and hitting record highs.

We look ahead to the remainder of the year and beyond. Inflation concern's top of mind for investors. We
need to assess the potential impact on their portfolios. Debate remains as to whether this inflation will be
transitorial or structural, and central banks will need to balance their monetary policy decisions alongside
expansive fiscal policy by so many governments.

In this environment, clients are looking for scale partners who have a deeper understanding of the global
picture and a platform that can construct portfolios tailored for their needs and for their future goals. They

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

BLACKROCK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

are turning to BlackRock to help them navigate uncertainty. They're turning to BlackRock to invest more
opportunistically, and they're turning to BlackRock to help them plan for their future. And our deliberate
investment over many years to build a resilient and scaled asset management and technology platform is
helping them in their needs, and we are delivering for them.

Building on what we laid out at our Investor Day last month, we remain focused on consistently improving
and investing ahead of our clients' needs in the biggest growth areas of the future. In ETFs, the benefit of
our investments over time are showing up through accelerated momentum across the franchise. In June,
client assets in our ETFs passed $3 trillion globally driven by second quarter net inflows of $75 billion.

It took 15 years for iShares to get to $1 trillion in assets. It took iShares only 5 years to get to $2 trillion
in assets, and it just most recently took iShares only 2 years to get to $3 trillion.

Importantly, the more majority of this growth at each milestone has been organic as more investors are
using ETFs in more ways. They are using to build whole portfolios. They are using iShares to invest beyond
traditional market cap-weighted indexes. And they're using iShares more than ever before to access the
bond market efficiently.

Our ETFs grew across each of our core, our strategic and precision product categories, with more than
half of our net inflows coming from our strategic categories led by fixed income and sustainable ETFs.
We saw more than $22 billion of net inflows into our fixed income ETFs as investors sought more efficient
ways to access fixed income and turn to us for a more broad range exposure, including Chinese bonds,
multi-sector, municipal bonds, inflation-linked ETFs. And we now manage more than $700 billion in fixed
income ETFs and continue to believe that this category will grow to $1 trillion by 2024 as fixed income
ETFs modernize the $100 trillion bond market.

Momentum in sustainable ETFs remained strong with another $14 billion of net inflows in the second
quarter, including the launches of our low carbon transition readiness ETF. We have seen [ $40 billion ] of
net inflows into sustainable ETFs in the first half of 2021 compared to $46 billion in all of 2020.

With nearly $120 billion of sustainable ETFs, BlackRock has 4x the size of the next sustainable ETF player.
And we are incredibly well positioned for the future for our clients' needs in this fast-growing category.

Demand for sustainable strategies is accelerating from investors worldwide in both index and active.
Within active sustainable strategies, we saw $4 billion of net inflows in the second quarter. Sustainable
investments offer significant opportunities to generate alpha for clients, and we are focused on innovating
ahead of their needs.

For example, we announced last week the first close for the climate finance partnership. We'll invest
in climate infrastructure across emerging markets. This strategy is a great example of how public and
private sectors can come together to deliver positive environmental and social impact for communities and
attractive risk-adjusted returns for clients, including global institutional investors, for governments and for
philanthropies.

BlackRock's broader active platform is playing an increasingly important role in our clients' portfolios. And
we are seeing the benefits of our investment in our growth and our investment performance.

We generated $63 billion of active net inflows in the second quarter across equities, fixed income, multi
assets and alternative strategies. This growth is outpacing that of the $70 trillion active management
industry as we continue to captive active market share.

Long-term investment performance is strong with over 85% of our fundamental active equities, systematic
active equities, taxable fixed income assets outperforming the benchmark or peer mediums over the past
5 years. By delivering durable alpha for clients, we remain well positioned to continue to generate growth
in active strategies. More clients are looking to outsource their entire portfolio as regulations intensify,
operating cost-wise and investing grows more complex.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

BLACKROCK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

They want customized solutions spanning active, index, alternatives, powered by sophisticated technology
and risk management. The breadth of BlackRock's investment platform, our portfolio of construction
expertise and our Aladdin technology uniquely positions us to meet these clients' needs.

We are honored to be entrusted to manage the over $30 billion of pension assets for British Airways in
the second quarter through the creation of a bespoke investment and service model. This partnership
represents the largest of this kind in the U.K. pension fund, and we believe it will be a catalyst for more
transformational change in the industry.

We manage over $200 billion in OCIO assets today and believe the trend towards outsourcing will only
continue to accelerate. We are also seeing demand for personalization growing more among the financial
advisers and our wealth clients. And we're continuing to invest behind the democratization of tax-efficient,
personalized portfolios at scale. BlackRock is partnering with financial intermediaries in providing model
portfolios, which utilize our broad range of iShares ETFs and actively managed funds as well as separately
managed account strategies across alpha, factor investing and index investing.

Building on our acquisition of Aperio, we recently announced a minority investment in SpiderRock
Advisors, which will further enhance our ability to provide wealth managers and financial advisers with
tax-efficient, personalized portfolios and risk management solutions. This is another major step we are
taking to advance our market-leading franchise in personalizing and personalization of SMAs.

Alongside ETFS, SMAs continue to see high-growth rates as advisers and personalization and tax
management to wealth client portfolios. BlackRock is the second-largest SMA provider today with over
$200 billion in assets, including Aperio. And we remain focused on investing in a comprehensive platform
of solutions and customization capabilities for the wealth management market.

BlackRock's commitment to evolve and to meet our clients' needs is recently most evident in sustainability.
As we adapt to the fundamental restructuring that the energy transition is driving across the economy,
we are investing across products, data, technology capabilities so we can help clients address their impact
of sustainable factors on their portfolios and help them capture significant client demand for sustainable
solutions.

Last year, we began developing Aladdin Climate to fill a need in climate risk analytics and to help investors
better understand and act on climate risk. Aladdin Climate measures at both the asset and portfolio levels
the impact of physical risk like extreme weather event, and transition risks such as policy changes, new
technologies and energy supply.

In June, we will further -- in June, we further advanced Aladdin Climate through a new partnership with
Baringa. The combination of Baringa's climate transition risk models and Aladdin's financial and physical
risk models will provide investors with the ability to better understand and customize their risk -- their
climate risk exposures. This partnership is a significant milestone in the build-out of Aladdin Climate and
will set a new bar in the industry for climate analytics and risk management tools.

We are also committed to bringing the benefit to our global platform to clients around the world by
deepening our local infrastructure. We are investing in people who speak every language to understand
local markets and regulations and have insight into how the changing world intersects with each of our
clients' goals. This includes investing in the leading -- this is -- excuse me. This includes investing in -- to
be the leading global asset manager in China.

Rapid economic development and wealth accumulation in the world's second-largest economy has
propelled the growth of the $9 trillion Chinese domestic asset management industry. Earlier this year,
we obtained our wealth management joint venture license. And last month, we received our fund
management company license. We are the first global asset manager firm to obtain this type of license.

We are now well positioned to extend the breadth of our investment solutions and insights to all our client
segments across China and help more people transition their savings to investments in China, including in
preparation for their retirement.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

BLACKROCK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

With more than half of BlackRock's assets linked to retirement, we are incredibly focused on innovating
and helping our clients address the retirement crisis around the world. Client demand for our LifePath
target date funds remained strong with $17 billion of net inflows year-to-date, representing a 10% organic
growth and outpacing the entire industry.

The need for retirement income and retirement is also accelerating. A recent study BlackRock conducted
found that nearly 90% of the participants across every generation wants a retirement income solution.
And 96% of plan sponsors feels responsibility for helping their participants generate and manage their
income in retirement.

BlackRock is developing LifePath Paycheck to address this growing need. And we are already seeing
strong commercial demand with several initial client commitments and support from an institutional and
investment consultants.

The incredible momentum we are seeing across our entire platform is a direct result of our dedicated
employee base. I have never been prouder of BlackRock's nearly 17,000 employees. I have seen their
commitment to our clients and to each other in incredible ways throughout this pandemic.

And in recognition of this hard work and to have them share in BlackRock's growth and success, we are
investing in our employees through an 8% raise in base salary compensation for all employees up to and
including director levels as of September 1, 2021. We strive to cultivate an environment at BlackRock
where employees feel supported and have a diverse and inclusive environment where they can thrive and
grow and build a career and life.

After a period like no other in the firm's history, BlackRock has never been better positioned for the future.
My recent trips to Europe and the Middle East to meet with our clients have only further validated our
differentiated positioning and our approach to building deeper, broader relationships with our clients.

We have always led by listening to our clients and hearing what they want, what they need. And through
that -- through anticipation and embracing change and innovating and stay in front of our clients' needs,
that has what driven us going forward. Our fiduciary focus has guided the deliberate -- our deliberateness
in terms of investments we have made to build a more resilient asset manager and a more resilient
technology platform by anticipating and staying in front of our clients' needs. And we will continue to
deliver industry-leading growth to benefit all our stakeholders for the long term.
With that, let's open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

BLACKROCK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.

Kenneth Brooks Worthington
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I'd love to dig in further into direct indexing and customized SMAs. So maybe first, can you give us some
additional color in how SpiderRock complements customized SMAs and your direct indexing capabilities
with Aperio?

And then you highlighted in your prepared remarks a number of times the importance of retirement
solutions. So should we see Aperio and SpiderRock capabilities permeating the retirement management
part of your business? And if so, what does this mean for LifePath and its evolution over time?

Laurence Douglas Fink
Chairman & CEO

Let me have Rob start off, and then -- Rob.

Robert Steven Kapito
President & Director

We'll double team here. So as you know, more clients are looking for personalization, and that's what
we're seeing in direct indexing. And we are -- our combination with Aperio, which Larry had mentioned,
actually enhances our ability to deliver personalized tax-managed SMAs and gives us a 2-plus year
acceleration in that space while we continue to organically build additional capabilities for different client
segments.

So BlackRock's core SMA capabilities historically were in actively managed equities, fixed income and
multi-asset. Aperio brings experience in building index-based, highly custom investment solutions. So
these are complementary businesses, and they enhance our value proposition for our whole portfolio SMAs
across equity and fixed income in alpha factors and index solutions.

So with over $200 billion in SMAs, including Aperio, BlackRock is a market-leading whole portfolio sponsor.
And with the prospect of higher income and capital gains taxes, we've now built a pipeline of over $6
billion in potential new Aperio mandates just since the transaction closed.

So this is an example of how we are getting more into the personalization and direct indexing. And of
course, ETF and direct index complement the tech that we are investing in and building in.

Laurence Douglas Fink
Chairman & CEO

Ken, on target date and LifePath and LifePath Paycheck, we put a great deal of energy on LifePath
Paycheck. We are in a position now of working with many different plans. And we see this revolutionizing
the 401(k) DB plans, [ corporate ] plans.

We are in discussion with many, many corporations, and I think we have a lot of future growth and a
lot of future announcements in terms of our positioning there. This is actually quite separate from what
we're doing in the customized side related to Aperio, but we believe this is going to change the retirement
business. And we are -- we have worked with all the consulting firms. We have buy recommendations on
this from across many of the consulting firms. We are in dialogue with many, many of the plans. And we
hope in the next few quarters to have some very significant announcements related to the success we are
seeing in LifePath Paycheck, which will be changing, as I said.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

BLACKROCK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

And this is BlackRock responding the future needs of our clients. I think when we are able to announce
this with the clients, this is going to really identify how retirement is going to be reshaped and why the
need for more certainty during retirement -- during the deaccumulation period of time, why that is so
important, why there's such urgency around that.

And we are very proud of the R&D work that we did over the many, many years now. And now in these
private conversations, it is really resonating more than ever before with our clients across the United
States. And hopefully, this could be something that we could expand beyond the United States. But this is
going to be some -- a significant part of our whole foundation.

And the last thing I would just say related to LifePath target date franchise, we're up to now $370 billion
alone without even talking about the LifePath Paycheck. And so this is going to continue to accelerate
where we're taking market share.

Operator

Our next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.

Craig William Siegenthaler
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I had a question on the ETF adoption. I know you covered a lot of this in the Investor Day, but I had a
follow-up here. Which client verticals do you think provide iShares the most 1- to 3-year upside? And
have you seen any significant rise or decline in demand among any of the client segments over the last 6
months? And I'm thinking some of the bigger ones, like U.S. RAA, insurance and retail.

Robert Steven Kapito
President & Director

So good question, Craig. You know that we have said over and over that we see significant room for
continued growth in ETFs, and the penetration of the equity and bond markets is still very low. We expect
generational shifts to unlock a lot of new growth, especially whole portfolios, where ETFs in fee-based are
around 11%; new investment capabilities like ESG; and overall capital markets replacements, where we're
seeing ETFs that are about 5% of the total market and 1% of the bond market.

We expect, to give you a number to throw out, by 2025 that ETFs are going to more than double to $15
trillion. And even at that level, we would still be a small part of the markets in which we compete, which is
why we think there are decades of growth ahead. And we fully intend to be the market leader in revenue
growth and truly organic client-driven flows and in total assets as this evolves.

And we recognize that we have to offer choice in the vehicles that we show clients. But ETFs, I believe, are
going to lead in that.

So there are some key client segments. One is Europe, which is adopting very, very quickly. The wealth
area through model portfolios of again, of which we are a leader, is showing huge growth. And certainly in
institutional clients, primarily in fixed income, is showing growth. And then another segment, sustainable,
which you heard about, which we are the leader, is also showing growth.

So what makes our ETF platform unique relative to any competitor is its diversity and broad client base.
So for example, our global client base is made up of self-directed investors, wealth managers, pensions,
insurers and active managers. We have the most diversified platform with $2.3 trillion in the U.S. and
$650 billion in Europe and $2.3 trillion in equity and $700 billion in fixed income. So you can see how this
matches up against the client segments I talked about.

And most importantly, which may be overlooked, we provide the most secondary market liquidity. So U.S.
iShares traded almost $9 trillion in 2020 versus $7 trillion in 2019. And EMEA's iShares traded $1.2 trillion
in 2020 versus $1 trillion in 2019. So this, along with our precision exposures, which are often unique to
us, while it has been a drag in prior years, are actually a driver of our strong revenue growth this quarter.
So we're excited about the growth, specifically in the segments that we are a leader in today.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

BLACKROCK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I was hoping you guys could flesh out the expense dynamics a little bit in the quarter as well as we look
out further in the year. Obviously, very strong revenue environment. Revenue is up 25% in the first half,
but the comp rate is actually up on a year-over-year basis first half as well.

Now I know performance fees tend to skew that upward sometime. So maybe help us think through the
rest of the year? And then just bigger picture, your framework around expense management and margins?

Gary Stephen Shedlin
Senior MD & CFO

Thanks, Alex. It's Gary. So let's break it down maybe individually. So in terms of the comp side, we
talked about comping up about 34%, and that primarily reflected higher incentive compensation. And you
correctly pointed out that incentive compensation is very much tied to both profitability and performance.
And so as we saw higher operating income and performance fees, that definitely ticked up.

But we also saw higher deferred compensation year-over-year. That was up by about $100 million year-
over-year. And I'd say there's really 2 things there. One is more ongoing, which is the ongoing impact of
additional grants associated with last year's compensation. Obviously, we defer a significant component
of current compensation for retention. And last year saw a rather large level of deferrals, especially as it
related to performance fees and the level of performance fees last year. That was -- I'd say that's probably
about 60-or-so percent of that increase.

But there was also a onetime, what I would call, a crystallization and acceleration of certain compensatory
arrangements tied to the success of one of our historical acquisitions. That was probably about $35 million
or about 70 basis points on the comp ratio that ultimately should migrate away now that, that has been
settled out. So that's it on comp as I would think about it.

Obviously, Larry mentioned the base salary increases, which is more a function of going forward. And he
talked all about recognizing the accomplishments of our tremendous employees over the last 18 months.
I don't expect that to have a very significant impact on our financials this year, but it could be, given
its effective date of September 1, let's call it, roughly 20 basis points or thereabouts on both comp and
margin impact on a purely isolated basis for the rest of the year.

In terms of G&A, we have -- I think we gave you some guidance at the beginning of the year. We've made
no reductions to the discretionary investment spending plans in terms of G&A spend and hiring that we
originally budgeted for the year and that we referenced on our call.

I think much as others are, I think we're probably hiring a little slower than we had anticipated. And we're
working on that to make sure we can get the employee support to support our growth plans. But we
would, as I think is somewhat customary for us, we anticipate our overall level of G&A spend to be higher
in the second half, especially around such areas like marketing technology.

And then as Larry mentioned, as people get back to traveling, obviously, we haven't had a lot of T&E in
the first part of the year, but the potential for that, I think, exists for next year. And I think -- so broadly
speaking, that's it on the comp. There was kind of that onetime issue. And on the G&A side, again, our
plans are generally exactly the same as we laid them out to you at the beginning of the year.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt with Autonomous Research.

Patrick Davitt
Autonomous Research LLP

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

BLACKROCK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

It's obviously hard to handicap the chances of a change in the capital gains tax rate at this point. But are
you guys seeing any change in either retail or institutional behavior, change in conversations around that
concern be it specific gain harvesting or just wanting to talk about options should it come through?

Laurence Douglas Fink
Chairman & CEO

So not really. I mean, look, maybe that is one of the reasons that Rob continues to about the
personalization and customization as tax-efficient strategies. I think across the board, the awareness of
after-tax returns are becoming more dominant in the RIA channels.

I don't think it's reflective yet. And I don't think people are motivated or are seeing any real changes in
behaviors related to the potentiality of these changes in taxes. But I think there is just a much greater
awareness of -- and the ability now to create customized, personalized, tax-efficient portfolios. And I think
that's what's going to be driven. Rob, do you have anything to add or say?

Robert Steven Kapito
President & Director

That's another reason why people are moving towards ETFs, which are much more a tax-efficient tool than
the typical mutual funds that they are in. So actually, it's another growth area for ETFs.

Operator

And your next question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.

Daniel Thomas Fannon
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Larry, you mentioned that you're having some of the largest conversations or big mandates with clients in
previous history. And I was just curious, you used to give a backlog number on these calls. And obviously,
you're much bigger and more diverse today, but hoping you could help us size kind of the kind of more
near-term potential flow picture or those dialogues and the kind of size those mandates so we can think
about the potential there.

Laurence Douglas Fink
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Well, you're right, we don't do that, and we're not going to do that on this call. But I think when you
think about -- and when I referenced the British Air OCIO mandate, we believe this is going to be -- this
is just the beginning of more focus on the virtues and the value proposition of -- for these pension funds.
We think how it's organized. Should it be done under a platform like BlackRock? And then do we create
the efficiencies? And most importantly, are we -- can we have a better fiduciary outcome on behalf of their
participants?

All of this is about the participants. And can we provide a better outcome for the participants? And I really
do believe we are thinking of that. But we have had some very large wins with a few other clients in the
last few quarters. We are in large dialogue with many more.

But I want to underscore what the transformation of LifePath Paycheck could be, too. These could be
some very large opportunities, too, and having the defined contribution business being reimagined and
rethought. And that is how we framed it.

How can we reimagine and provide better certainty to the participants? How can we provide better
outcomes? And how can that lead to a better closeness between the employer and the employees? And
how can they build deeper bonds when the employees retire during the deaccumulation period of time?

These are the broad-based solutions that we've been focusing on, no different than the broad-based
solutions we focus on the needs we're focusing on climate in portfolios across the board.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

BLACKROCK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

And so I believe what we are -- what you're seeing in the past related to above trend line growth, above
5% of organic growth is because of these deepening relationships across the board. And as I concluded in
my speech, I do believe we are going to continue to see this type of elevated opportunity. And it's because
we are so relentlessly focused on how to think about our clients and help them become better at what
they're doing.

And I truly believe what the outcome of British Air and the other measure that we talked about. And I
would say with the strong performance that we've had in our active platform, flows generally follow. And
when you can have -- and no firm can have this, when you could have a dialogue where you are agnostic
about the role of index assets like ETFs and active assets and then focusing on whether it's tax-efficient
portfolio strategies or focusing on a sustainability overlay, we're now focusing on outcomes related to
more certainty during deaccumulation periods of time. This is what's driving the flows, and this is what I
think is differentiating BlackRock, that we are spending more time. We're investing, as Gary talked about,
our investments in the future.

These are the type of investments we're making, and we're making sure that we are staying in front of
the needs of clients and providing something unique and differentiated. And I do believe that is resonating
more and more. Let me just leave it at that.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Citigroup.

William Raymond Katz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Okay. Wonderful. Great update. Maybe a 2-parter. I'm sorry to ask 2 questions, but sort of interesting
things going on. One, Larry, at what point do you start to think about upgrading your 5% organic growth
rate? It seems like everything you're talking about here has just very powerful and long-tailed opportunity.
And then somewhat unrelated, but just sort of following up on your last conversation on the Paycheck
opportunity. Where is that share coming from?

Laurence Douglas Fink
Chairman & CEO

I'm going to let Gary answer that because Gary, as a CFO, is the one who really is the tethering of our
platform, and he is also our -- he provides the balance between me and him. And so I love him. Gary?

Gary Stephen Shedlin
Senior MD & CFO

Thanks, Larry. Greatly appreciate the love. So look, Bill, I think that it won't surprise you to hear a lot of
the same answers that I've traditionally given you on that. I think we feel very good about our organic
growth potential going forward. I think it reflects the platform we've built. I think it reflects global reach,
full range of investment capabilities, integrated risk, great performance.

But as you know, growth is also somewhat tied to markets in particular. And I think some of the growth
that we're seeing today clearly is a result of the type of environment that we're in. And so we try not to
get too focused on a particular environment but really look across cycles.

And I think if you look at what we've done over the last 5 years, we've actually averaged about a
5% organic base fee growth over the last 5 years. And while we've actually -- I think really the more
important piece of this is not how fast we necessarily grow in a more risk-on environment, although I
know Larry doesn't like that term. I think the reality is that when we see the markets fall back, we stay
positive.

And so even in tough markets like '16 and '18, where the industry was roundly negative, we were still in
positive territory. And I think I would also remind you that, look, the industry is basically right around 3%
in terms of where everyone thinks the industry more broadly is going to grow. So at 5%, we're already
growing, if you will, at a 60-plus percent premium to where we think the industry is. And we feel very

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

BLACKROCK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

comfortable with that because of our breadth, because of our solutions orientation and our technology
platform.

I think we feel very good about both secular growth, secular growth more broadly, maintaining share
in places like ETF. We feel like we have a ton of room to run in places like illiquid, where the market
is growing, and we're generally still low single-digit share. And we think our investment performance
positions us well to continue to play a major role in active.

So for the moment, until we get through the cycle and see where we come out the other side, 5% is the
target. And we feel very good about our performance going forward relative to that.

Laurence Douglas Fink
Chairman & CEO

On LifePath Paycheck. As I try to frame, it is U.S.-based. So specifically -- but we're redefining defined
contribution business in the United States. I think that's what it is.

But globally, retirement is a $70 trillion -- has a big gap. We need to rethink retirement as we moved away
from DB. But we need to find better ways of creating more certainty in a defined contribution world.

I think this is one of the big problems we have in our society today, the uncertainty of retirement. And
this is one of the problems that we've been focusing on for years and years and years to try to find a
way to have something closer to a defined benefit, but having a -- but having it still being in a defined
contribution way.

And I think there's just great opportunities, and we're having robust conversations on this, Bill. And I think
it's going to reshape or reimagine or redefine the defined contribution business.

Operator

Your next question comes from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.

Michael J. Cyprys
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I just had a question here on Aladdin. I was just hoping you could update us on the pipeline. I recall in the
past, you had spoken about a slowdown in implementations. But given the recovery here, the reopening,
just curious if you think we can see that accelerate?

And then also on the technology services revenue, I think that was up about 14% in the quarter, but the
ACV was up a bit higher than that. So I was just hoping you could help unlock some of the moving pieces
there between your ACV definition and the technology services. I think your ACV excludes some of the
consulting fees and implementation fees. Was just hoping you might be able to quantify how much that is
relative to the overall technology services line.

Gary Stephen Shedlin
Senior MD & CFO

Thanks, Mike. So again, we're not going to get very specific on pipelines, but we will give you some
tonality on our Aladdin growth rate. So I think as we've talked about, there is clearly increased client
demand accelerated by COVID for comprehensive whole portfolio solutions that involve greater
systemization, fewer vendor relationships as a number of financial service companies and other insurers,
asset managers and funds try to minimize their costs and more importantly, trying to basically take down
the number of data sources that they're relying on.

We feel that growth going forward is going to be a function of a number of things, but it's going to be
primarily gaining new clients, expanding relationships with existing clients, expanding the platform
through enhanced functionality and products and obviously, expanding into under-penetrated geographies,
most notably Europe and Asia. With that, what we've said at Investor Day and will continue to be
reinforced is given all of that, that our pipeline is as strong as it's ever been. And we continue to reaffirm
our low to mid-teens growth rate for technology services revenue.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

BLACKROCK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

As it relates to ACV, ACV was up 16%. And as you correctly note, we do have -- we're migrating a bunch
of the eFront business over to Aladdin in terms of its hosted model as opposed to its traditional model.
That does, as you say, have different accounting ramifications. And so we decided to put ACV out as a key
performance metric because we think it better reflects the overall momentum of the business and takes
away some of the timing and accounting changes for migrating models over.

So ACV was up 16%. And I think as you also correctly note, that's probably a little faster than we would
expect the longer term to be given our target. And I think that's a function of some of the business coming
through today at a more rapid rate that was delayed from a year ago in the early days of the pandemic
as we highlighted, longer sales cycles and contracting period. So we're definitely seeing a little bit of an
acceleration there, but again, reaffirming our low to mid-teens growth outlook.

Laurence Douglas Fink
Chairman & CEO

I would just add one thing -- 2 things. One is -- and this -- a lot of this from our meetings in Europe last
week. The demand for data and analytics on sustainability is going to grow exponentially. And this is
why we've been so aggressive in terms of building out our analytics and data across the board. And I do
believe this is going to be a major sleeve, a major opportunity for Aladdin.

Aladdin Climate is going to be a major component of Aladdin. And we believe having the differentiating
data and analytics is going to be further why clients are going to be looking to add on Aladdin across their
portfolio.

What we've witnessed since the acquisition of eFront, too, the need for data and analytics related to
alternatives and across all the alternative space, integrated in a comprehensive data and risk analytics
environment is really, really important. So if you overlay the movement in the capital markets and client
demand and alternatives, if you overlay the demand for clients related to sustainability and climate, that's
going to be a major change. And that's going to be a major component of it, and that's why Samantha
Tortora is now having that role in helping us drive Aladdin Climate as she moves away from our client
relationships. I'll leave it at that.

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing
remarks?

Laurence Douglas Fink
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, operator. I want to thank everybody for joining the call this morning and your continued
interest in BlackRock. Our second quarter results, again, are a result of a steadfast commitment of
focusing on our clients first, and importantly, thinking and investing and anticipating their needs in the
future.

I see a tremendous opportunity ahead, and BlackRock's focus remains on the long-term fiduciary
commitment to all our clients worldwide. We will continue to invest in our business so we can deliver that
long-term value for our stakeholders and lead the asset management industry in the many, many years
ahead.

Thank you, again, and have a great remaining part of the summer, and let's everybody hope to have a
great third quarter. Talk to you then. Bye-bye.

Operator
This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

BLACKROCK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 14, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

