Bristol-Myers Squibb Company NYSE:BMY
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, July 28, 2021 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.90

1.93

Revenue  (mm)

11225.11

11703.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-23-2021 4:02 PM GMT

1.58

4.26

1.95

7.46

8.06

11501.05

46031.07

48168.69

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.49

1.42

1.81

1.90

1.63

1.46

1.74

1.93

9.40 %

2.82 %

(3.87 %)

1.58 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Christopher S. Boerner
Executive VP & Chief
Commercialization Officer

David V. Elkins
Executive VP & CFO

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical
Officer of Global Drug
Development

Timothy Power
VP & Head of Investor Relations

ANALYSTS

Matthew Christopher Phipps
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Matthew Kelsey Harrison
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Seamus Christopher Fernandez
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Andrew Simon Baum
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Stephen Michael Scala
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Carter Lewis Gould
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Terence C. Flynn
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Christopher Thomas Schott
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Timothy Minton Anderson
Wolfe Research, LLC

Dane Vincent Leone
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Geoffrey Christopher Meacham
BofA Securities, Research Division

Luisa Caroline Hector
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the Bristol-Myers Squibb 2021 Second Quarter Results Conference Call. Today's
conference is being recorded.

And at this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Power, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Please go ahead, sir.

Timothy Power
VP & Head of Investor Relations

Thanks, Catherine, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us this morning for our second
quarter 2021 earnings call. Joining me this morning with prepared remarks are Giovanni Caforio, our
Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and David Elkins, our Chief Financial Officer. Also participating in
the call today are Chris Boerner, our Chief Commercialization Officer; and Samit Hirawat, our Chief Medical
Officer and Head of Global Drug Development.

As you'll be aware, we've posted slides to bms.com that you can use to follow along with -- for David and
Giovanni's his remarks, but before we get started, I'll read our forward-looking statement. During today's
call, we'll make statements about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-
looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking
statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's SEC filings.
These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as
representing estimates as of any future date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-
looking statements even if our estimates change.

We'll also focus our comments on our non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted to exclude certain
specified items. Reconciliations of those non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP
measures are available at bms.com.

And with that, I'll hand it over to Giovanni.

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. I hope you're all staying safe and healthy.

Now turning to Slide 4. Let me start by saying I am very proud of our second quarter results and express
my gratitude to our teams across the globe for their dedication and steadfast commitment to our patients.
Through their work, we are continuing to make great progress to diversify and renew our portfolio and
position Bristol-Myers Squibb for an even stronger future.

During the second quarter, we delivered excellent results across the board, including strong sales
growth due to solid commercial performance, positive clinical results in our mid- and late-stage pipeline,
continued BD execution and strengthened our financial position. The strength of our commercial execution
this quarter was underscored by the performance of our key medicines, including the return of Opdivo
to growth and the uptake of our new launch portfolio. Over the last 18 months, we launched 5 new
medicines with significant potential, and we are very encouraged by their performance to date. Clinically,
we continue to deliver on the potential of our pipeline with significant mid- and late-stage clinical readouts
and important regulatory actions across our therapeutic areas. The recent additions to our portfolio added
diversification to our business and an opportunity to generate sustained growth over time.

From a financial perspective, we saw double-digit growth for both the top and bottom line, and we are
reaffirming our full year revenue and non-GAAP EPS guidance. We continue to maintain a strong balance
sheet and generate significant cash flow, allowing us to advance our disciplined capital allocation strategy.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

We remain focused on external business development opportunities to further strengthen our pipeline over
the long term.

This quarter, we executed 2 licensing deals, an anti-TIGIT bispecific antibody program with Agenus; and
MORAb-202, a folate receptor alpha ADC with Eisai, both strategically aligned with our oncology franchise.
Overall, I am extremely pleased with our progress in the quarter.

Turning now to our execution scorecard on Slide 5. We have made tremendous progress year-to-date
across our therapeutic areas. In oncology, we are strengthening our IO franchise and have returned
Opdivo to growth through multiple clinical successes and excellent commercial execution. Earlier this year,
we launched Opdivo in 3 additional indications, including first-line gastric cancer, where we are the first
and only I-O agent. We anticipate additional launch opportunities and growth drivers for Opdivo to further
accelerate the growth of the brand.

We also see opportunities to expand our I-O portfolio through the fixed-dose combination of our LAG-3
inhibitor relatlimab with Opdivo. At ASCO last month, we announced impressive results for relatlimab,
potentially the third I-O therapy for BMS, building on our leadership in the field and expanding the
durability of our franchise. We have a broad development program underway in I-O to benefit more
patients over time.

Moving to hematology. We received approval in the U.S. for 2 cell therapies, Breyanzi and Abecma, and
demand for these products has been strong. Physicians recognize the value of these treatments, and there
is significant patient need.

Building on existing indications for Breyanzi, we announced the first ever positive Phase III top line data in
second-line transplant-eligible large B-cell lymphoma last month. This is an important result. For the first
time, we have shown that our cell therapy treatment is superior to a well-established standard of care.
The positive results demonstrate that we can benefit patients early in their treatment journey. We look
forward to sharing more details on these results later this year.

We also have iberdomide Phase II data in-house, which we are very pleased with and look forward to
discussing with health authorities. The data are potentially the first step toward the establishment of a
new backbone of treatment in multiple myeloma, offering a better option to benefit patients. We have
made tremendous progress expanding our immunology franchise. Deucravacitinib, a first-in-class selective
TYK2 inhibitor, has the potential to be the oral agent of choice. We expect to launch this potential new
medicine in psoriasis in the second half of 2022.

We have initiated our Phase III program in psoriatic arthritis, and we also look forward to Phase II data in
ulcerative colitis later this year and in Crohn's disease and lupus in 2022 to further expand the potential
of this molecule. We initiated our Phase III program for cendakimab in eosinophilic esophagitis, and last
month, in the U.S., we launched Zeposia in ulcerative colitis.

Finally, turning to CV. We are encouraged by the top line results we received this quarter for Milvexian,
our Factor XIa inhibitor. We look forward to presenting the data at a medical meeting later in the year.
Additionally, we are preparing to launch mavacamten for symptomatic obstructive HCM in the U.S. early
next year. We are encouraged by the potential of these assets to strengthen the durability of our CV
franchise.

In closing, on Slide 6. Our steadfast progress gives me great confidence that we are well positioned for
growth. We are rapidly advancing a new launch portfolio of first-in-class or best-in-class medicines across
therapeutic areas. We remain focused on driving inline product performance; executing on our launches;
advancing early, mid- and late-stage pipeline opportunities; and continuing to take a disciplined approach
to capital allocation.

Our strong clinical performance further derisks our launch portfolio. And as a result, our confidence in our
ability to deliver the $20 billion to $25 billion in non-risk-adjusted revenue in 2029 continues to increase.
Our continued strong financial performance and balance sheet enable us to diversify and strengthen our
long-term prospects.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

As our sales force returns to the field and we welcome our remote teams back to the office, I'm excited
by the opportunity to reconnect with our colleagues, stakeholders and patients. I believe we have the
strongest pipeline and launch portfolio in BMS' history, and I am very excited about our future.

With that, I'll turn it over to David to walk you through the financials. David?

David V. Elkins
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Giovanni, and thank you all for joining our call today. Let me start with our top line
performance on Slide 8. I'm very pleased to discuss our strong double-digit growth this quarter, driven by
increased demand for our key medicines across the globe.

Looking at the first half of the year, which normalizes for most of the COVID-related buying patterns
we experienced last year, commercial performance was strong, up 9% year-over-year or 7% excluding
currency. This robust performance demonstrates both the strong execution of our commercial teams as
well as increased demand for our products.

I'll now provide additional color on the performance of our key brands and new launches, starting with
Eliquis on Slide 9. This was another strong quarter for Eliquis, with global sales up 29% versus last year.
Second quarter growth benefited from a favorable year-over-year comparison as prior year included the
unwinding of COVID-related buying patterns. When looking at the first half to normalize for this dynamic,
sales remained strong, up 18%.

In the U.S., we saw strong demand with total prescription growth of 14% versus prior year, driven by
market share gains. We continue to expect strong new-to-brand share growth to further translate to
overall total prescription growth. As a reminder, when we look toward the third and fourth quarters, we
expect similar dynamics from the Medicare coverage gap we've seen in previous years. Internationally,
we had very strong demand across all key geographies as we further gained share as the #1 OAC in
multiple markets and we continue to see additional room to grow. Overall, we remain very pleased with
the execution of Eliquis around the world and expect to continue to grow Eliquis share within a growing
class.

Now turning to Opdivo on Slide 10. Let me start by saying we're very pleased to deliver return to growth
this quarter, up 16% versus last year. While COVID recovery dynamics as well as approximately $40
million in U.S. inventory build contributed to this quarter's growth, the brand's performance was largely
driven by strong demand for both our core and our newly launched indications. In the U.S., sales were
up 13% year-over-year as well as 14% sequentially, driven by launches in lung, RCC and our upper GI
cancers, which are all going well.

In lung, share is in the low double digits with positive momentum, and we are seeing use across all
histologies. In RCC, our Opdivo + cabo launch continues to do well, with Opdivo now the leading PD-1
first-line renal across both available regimens. In upper GI, we saw a very strong start with Opdivo plus
chemo in first-line gastric cancer with CheckMate-649, which reached 25% to 30% share in just a few
months, based upon the strength of our data. The adjuvant esophageal launch, while still in early days,
is off to a great start. Overall, we see upper GI as an important opportunity for Opdivo, based on the
breadth of offered indications and the fact that Opdivo is the only PD therapy approved for HER2-negative
gastric cancer.

Outside the U.S., we had another strong quarter with sales up 13% excluding the impact of foreign
currency versus last year. Growth was primarily driven by demand of our new launches in lung and renal
cancer. Results also benefited from a favorable comparison due to COVID-related impact last year. All in
all, we're very pleased with Opdivo's performance and future growth outlook based on positive momentum
for our current launches, our future potential launches, including muscle-invasive bladder cancer and first-
line esophageal as well as potential expansion opportunities from clinical trials that will read out over time.

Now turning to Slide 11, regarding our inline multiple myeloma portfolio. Revlimid was up globally
primarily driven by demand for triplet-based therapies and increasing treatment duration. In the U.S., we

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

are encouraged to see prescriptions nearing pre-COVID levels. Pomalyst global sales were up 15%, driven
by continued strong demand for triplet-based therapies and use in earlier lines.

Now moving to our recent launches on Slide 12. We continue to be very pleased with our new launches.
Beginning with Reblozyl, which generated $128 million in Q2 and increased 14% sequentially. As the
bolus from the MDS launches continue to wind down, it's being replaced by underlying demand growth as
expected. We continue to expect sustained growth in the second half of the year as we remain focused on
treating new patients earlier in their treatment journey and ensuring they receive the most appropriate
dose for sustained benefit.

Moving to Zeposia, which generated $28 million in the quarter. The MS launch continues to progress
well, where Zeposia is the S1P of choice in terms of written prescriptions and where we continue to see
high-intent-to-prescribe metrics. We have also seen an acceleration in the conversion time from written
prescriptions to commercially supplied product. Looking forward, we see -- we continue to focus on
establishing Zeposia not only as the S1P of choice, but also the oral treatment of choice for MS.

Beyond MS, we launched Zeposia in ulcerative colitis in the U.S. in early June. While early in the launch,
we are very encouraged by physician receptivity to the product so far. Our plan is to focus on step-wise
process of building volume by establishing demand for this differentiated oral biologic-like medicine while
maximizing access over time.

Turning to Onureg. The launch is also going well with double-digit demand growth over prior quarter. We
continue to expand the user base with physicians recognizing Onureg as the first and only FDA-approved
treatment for AML patients in first remission with a demonstrated OS benefit. Second quarter sales were
impacted by reduced inventory, driven by our transition from bottles to blister cards. However, based
upon the strength of the underlying demand trends, we expect to see sales rebound in the second half of
the year. Remember that this is a new treatment segment where it will take time to shape and establish
Onureg as a maintenance treatment. Looking at each of these products internationally, we are encouraged
to see how these launches are going, and we look forward to driving growth through gaining access and
reimbursement in additional markets over time.

Now I'd like to turn to Slide 13 and discuss cell therapy. Demand for our 2 new differentiated cell therapy
products has been strong. Starting with Breyanzi. We were pleased with our launch progress with Q2 sales
of $17 million driven by strong execution and rapid site activation, with more than 65 sites activated to
date. Messages around our differentiated profile and outpatient utilization are resonating well with high
awareness among CAR-T treaters.

Next, as it relates to Abecma, our first-in-class BCMA CAR-T, it had sales of $24 million in the quarter,
led by very strong demand. We were able to leverage the site footprint of Breyanzi to accelerate site
onboarding, an advantage of launching 2 CAR-T medicines simultaneously. Based on the significant unmet
demand and differentiated profile, we have seen robust demand for this product beyond our current
capacity, and we are looking hard to increase capacity over time. Looking forward, we continue to see
meaningful long-term potential with our cell therapy franchise across both Breyanzi and Abecma as
evidenced by the recent demand we've seen.

Now turning to the next slide. A few points as we think about our launch portfolio overall. First, we
are very encouraged with how each of these products are progressing at this point in the launch cycle.
Together, they have already contributed $225 million this quarter and are approaching $1 billion run
rate. Importantly, we review these products as having significant future potential. This gives us great
confidence in our ability to diversify and renew our portfolio as we look forward.

Now let me take you through a few line items on our P&L on Slide 15. Since we've already covered strong
sales for the quarter, I'll focus on a couple of other key line items. First, gross margin decreased versus
prior year, which is primarily due to foreign exchange and product mix.

Operating expenses were higher than last year particularly in MS&A due to higher launch and prelaunch
investments across therapeutic areas as well as foreign exchange, which were partially offset by our
realized synergies. Remember that at the same time period last year, our spend levels were lower than

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

normal due to the initial wave of COVID. Effective tax rate was 16.9%, primarily driven by our earnings
mix. And overall non-GAAP EPS increased significantly year-over-year, primarily driven by our strong top
line performance.

Now switching gears to the balance sheet and our capital allocation on Slide 16. Our liquidity position
remains strong with over $13 billion in cash and marketable securities and strong cash flow from
operations of $3.1 billion in the quarter. Our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged.

During the quarter, we continued to strengthen the balance sheet while renewing and diversifying our
portfolio through business development. As Giovanni mentioned, we executed 2 deals during the quarter
that both complement and diversify our oncology portfolio with Agenus and Eisei.

As it relates to continued debt reduction, a $4 billion tender offer and additional $1.5 billion in maturities
in the first half of the year demonstrate our commitment to strong investment-grade rating. As it relates
to our share repurchases, of the planned buyback of $3 billion to $4 billion this year, we have already
bought back $3 billion to date, and we'll remain opportunistic as the year progresses.

Now turning to our 2021 guidance on Slide 17. Following this quarter's performance, we are reaffirming
our top and bottom line non-GAAP guidance for the year, which reflects significant growth over last year.
From a full year revenue perspective, we continue to expect growth in the high single digits.

In terms of phasing for the remainder of the year, due to Eliquis' coverage gap and an unwinding of
Opdivo inventory that I noted earlier, we expect Q3 global revenues to be similar to Q2. However, we are
encouraged by the strength in the business and expect full year sales at the higher end of our guidance.
We have updated our gross margin assumption to 80% for the full year primarily due to product mix and
the impact of foreign exchange.

Moving to operating expenses. We are maintaining our full year guidance on MS&A of low single-digit
increase and on R&D of mid-single-digit increase. In terms of phasing for OpEx, we expect it to increase
quarter-over-quarter at a similar pace to the first half of the year.

Based on that and the strength of the business, we are reaffirming non-GAAP diluted EPS of $7.35
to $7.55 for 2021. This quarter, we remain pleased not just with our performance but also with the
considerable progress we've made in executing our launches and advancing our pipeline.

I'll now turn the call back over to Tim and Giovanni for Q&A.

Timothy Power
VP & Head of Investor Relations
Thanks, David. Catherine, could we go to our first question, please.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

We'll take the first question from Chris Schott at JPMorgan.

Christopher Thomas Schott
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I guess the first one for me was on Opdivo and maybe just a 2-parter here. First of all, good to see that
return to growth. But what are you seeing for Opdivo in terms of the COVID impact? I know you've talked
in the past about some lingering kind of headwinds, but just want to get the latest. As we moved through
June, July, is that business still depressed? Or are we starting to see a more normalized environment?

And then the second one on Opdivo was just a little bit more color on the rollout in gastric in terms
of where we stand today in terms of penetration rates. And then my final question was just on the
competitive environment for mavacamten in light of some of the recent competitor data. I just want to see
-- kind of more broadly speaking, has there been any change in view or confidence in that asset at all?

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Chris. Let me ask Chris Boerner to answer your question about Opdivo, and then Samit will
make some comments on the profile of mavacamten.

Christopher S. Boerner
Executive VP & Chief Commercialization Officer

Sure. Thanks for the question, Chris. So let me start with the COVID impact. We have seen a recovery
in the I-O market really coming out of Q1 and into Q2. And I would say that is a recovery on multiple
parameters. First, we've seen new patient claims, while they still lag pre-COVID levels, they've certainly
improved quarter-over-quarter. I-O demand continues to recover versus the pre-COVID levels and in fact,
grew about 5% quarter-over-quarter.

And importantly, we've seen an increase in in-person engagement. Oncology still lags other therapeutic
areas, but increasingly, our field teams are able to engage live with our customers. And that's going to be
really important given the competitive nature of a number of these markets like first-line lung cancer. So
I would say, in general, COVID continues to be dynamic really across markets, and certainly, that's true in
oncology. But I would say there's been a general improvement as we exited Q1 and into Q2.

As for how things are going in gastric cancer, I would say the gastric launch continues to go really very
well. As you know, we have multiple indications now in gastric cancer. And I would say that in general, the
first-line metastatic launch is going quite well. Our share is roughly 35%. That's being led really by the
gastric segment that we see really good utilization of Opdivo plus chemo in both GEJ and EAC as well.

And we're seeing use across all CPS levels. As you would expect, the majority is in the greater than 10%,
but we are seeing strong uptake in less than 10% as well. And I would say execution has been very good,
and in fact, we have the #1 share of voice. And we continue to build new trials, which is important at this
stage in the launch. So overall, very happy with the performance in gastric.

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer of Global Drug Development

Thanks, Chris. And Chris, I'll just take on the mavacamten question that you asked. And I guess the
question is emerging from the REDWOOD data that we recently shared through a press release. And while
it's truly an apples-to-oranges comparison, if we were to indulge in that, I would say that we don't see a
differentiation as might have been perceived.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

And the reason for that is, if you look at it from an efficacy perspective, the measures were at a different
time point, first of all, 10 weeks versus a 30-week trial for EXPLORER. Secondly, the differences -- or the
primary endpoints that were measured were at rest and with Valsalva maneuver in the REDWOOD trial
versus doing exercise. So if you were to compare those apples to apples, there is no differentiation that
we see.

From a safety perspective as well, when we talk about decreasing the ejection fraction, if you start with a
higher ejection fraction, of course, you will not see as big of a decrease below 50%, which was the case in
the REDWOOD trial. We had patients enrolled in our EXPLORER study with a lower ejection fraction of 55%
or lower. And therefore, when we compare apples to apples again, in fact, if anything, we could turn out to
be better.

At the end of it all, I would say we need to wait to see the data in the Phase III trial for the competitor
molecule. We already have our Phase III data. We've already submitted and look forward to bringing it to
patients with a PDUFA date in January.

Operator

We'll now take the next question of Geoff Meacham of Bank of America.

Geoffrey Christopher Meacham
BofA Securities, Research Division

Congrats on the quarter. I just had a few. On the cell therapy launches, you guys had a good quarter out
of the gate. So I wanted to ask you what the drivers of the next few quarters are. Is it signing up more
accounts? Is it establishing better reimbursement? And maybe just help us with kind of if you had any
manufacturing bottlenecks. I know you guys have talked about that previously.

And then on deucravacitinib, maybe just help us with kind of how you're thinking about what success looks
like in ulcerative colitis. And also, any additional thoughts that you've had? I know there's been a lot of
discussion about potential labeling and differentiation versus JAK. And maybe as you've had time to digest
the recent data, can you just give some updated thoughts on that?

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Geoff. So let's start with cell therapy. Let me just say first, really exciting. And the launch is off
to a great start. It really demonstrates that our decision to invest in this technology and the differentiated
nature of our 2 products is paying off. There is a lot of excitement. Let me ask Chris to give you more
details, and then Samit will give you his perspective on deucravacitinib. Chris?

Christopher S. Boerner
Executive VP & Chief Commercialization Officer

Yes. So I would just reiterate what Giovanni just said. The commercial and medical launches for both
products continues to be very strong. We've seen good execution across the teams.

Importantly, for both Abecma and Breyanzi, the profiles for these products are resonating well with
customers, in the case of Abecma as a first-in-class BCMA-targeted cell therapy and for Breyanzi as a
best-in-class. One of the things we've seen across both products is there's significant unmet need. That's
particularly true in the case of Abecma just given the fact that there are no other opportunities, in many
cases, for these patients, and as a result, we've seen very strong demand for both products.

What I would say for Breyanzi, the focus continues to be on ensuring that sites know how to manage
these patients well, continuing to sell the best-in-class profile that we have with Breyanzi. And we're
increasingly seeing interest in patients being referred to clinical trial sites. So we're managing that well
with Breyanzi.

For Abecma, I would say the focus there continues to be engaging with customers around manufacturing
capacity. As we had said previously, this is a space where, because of the significant unmet need and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

because we are the first BCMA-targeted cell therapy in the space, the demand for this product has
outstripped our current capacity to manufacture. What I would say is the sole focus that we have there is
on steadily increasing manufacturing capacity.

We have a very strong team that's in place focused on this. We're engaging obviously internally and
externally with third parties, including regulators, to increase the number of slots that we have available
for patients, and that's going to be the main focus on that product for the coming months.

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer of Global Drug Development

Thanks. And maybe I can take on the deucrava question. In terms of ulcerative colitis for deucrava, as you
know, with a TYK2 inhibitor, we know that downstream effect is the inhibition of IL-12 and IL-23 pathway.
These mechanisms are already proven to be effective in ulcerative colitis, so we are truly looking forward
to seeing the data at the end of the year from our Phase II study where we will get to see the induction
data comparing deucrava versus placebo.

So we know what success would look like because there is proven mechanisms out there. We know the
efficacy that we would be looking for in a Phase II study to initiate our Phase III program. And the good
news is we also have the Crohn's disease study ongoing, which will read out in next year. So a broad
program that we will be able to take forward to really get the Phase III data to impact the second half of
the decade following the Zeposia launch right now in that disease.

Operator

We'll now take the next question from Terence Flynn at Goldman Sachs.

Terence C. Flynn
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Congrats on the progress with the new products. Maybe 2 for me. Just one follow-up on Abecma. I was
wondering if you could give us any guidance in terms of number of patients you can currently serve from
your manufacturing facility that you have right now.

And then remind us of timing to bring on additional capacity as, again, I think you guys are building out
some further capacity there. So any update on timing?

And then a question for Samit on the Factor XIa program. I know we talked about this last month. You
have the data in-house. But any more perspective on how to think about starting up a trial in the AFib
setting? Or is that really contingent on seeing data from the second Phase II trial?

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thanks, Terence. Chris, do you want to start on Abecma?

Christopher S. Boerner
Executive VP & Chief Commercialization Officer

Sure. So as I said in the previous question, our focus continues to be to increase the available capacity
that we have for this product. As I think we've discussed previously, we had increased the number of slots
that were available for patients through August, and so we were able to increase to meet the demand in
August.

At the same time, we continue to see a shortage of vector. That is something that's been affecting multiple
cell therapy products, and so we're keeping an eye on that. And what I would say, Terence, is that the
situation on vector supply continues to be fairly dynamic.

And so with respect to when supply will ramp significantly, I would say that rather than put out a date that
would likely shift, I'll just say that this continues to be a top priority for us. Our sole focus continues to be
on increasing the supply to meet the near-term anticipated commercial demand. And then, obviously, we

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

have a longer-term focus on ensuring more stable long-term supply for vector that would be available to
support both of these products. But that's where the situation sits for Abecma.

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer of Global Drug Development

And Terence, for Milvexian, our factor XIa inhibitor, what I would say is that what we've seen thus far
from the total knee replacement study, we are very pleased with that. The trial showed exactly what
we anticipated it to show. And we do believe, along with our collaborator Janssen, that we do need this
second trial data as, collectively, the 2 trials will form the basis for the clinical development plan.

Remember, in the first study, in the TKR study, we only have about 2 weeks of dosing with a single
agent Factor XIa inhibitor, whereas in the second trial, in the secondary stroke prevention, we have the
background therapy of doublet anti-platelet therapy as well with up to 3 months of dosing. And so that
longevity will be important to understand the overall safety profile, and that will obviously then be able to
go into Phase III program, not only just AF but we are thinking of other indications as well.

Operator

We'll now take the next question of Andrew Baum at Citi.

Andrew Simon Baum
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

A couple of questions. First, we don't hear so much about your earlier generation of immuno-oncology
programs before the transaction. There's been a number of papers out on the importance of Treg depletion
and ADCC as a part of CTLA-4 mechanism. And I know you have your A2-postulated molecule in a fairly
large trial. Could you update us on when we might expect to see some results and just your general level
of enthusiasm on that approach for validated target?

And then second, in light of the Aduhelm approval and particularly the biomarker, how is this thinking
influencing your assets in neurodegenerative disease? Obviously, you've been investing historically in that
space. Is this a catalyst for Bristol to reenter that segment?

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thanks, Andrew. Let me make just a couple of very high-level comments, and then Samit will take both
of your questions. So first of all, with respect to I-O, I think we're really excited about the opportunity to
launch our third I-O agent potentially soon, which is relatlimab in metastatic melanoma. And that really
shows how we are progressing and extending, in fact, the strength of our I-O franchise.

With respect to the CNS, again, Samit will address your question in more detail. From my perspective,
what I'd like to say is this is a research area that we committed to, in fact, as part of the Celgene research
strategy a few years ago. We are really excited to have a number of early programs that are continuing to
advance that's primarily driven by a really interesting set of external partnerships.

So let me ask Samit to give you more detail on both of those topics.

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer of Global Drug Development

Andrew, I think from a CTLA-4 perspective, as you know, we have 3 molecules in development in the back
of CTLA-4 probody non-fucosylated and fucosylated molecules. The trials are ongoing, as you've said, very
well, and we are actually looking forward to see the data towards the end of the year as well as in early
part of next year. That will certainly pave the way for new trials looking at combinations with our pipeline,
with Opdivo as well as other molecules that you just heard from Giovanni. We have relatlimab and then
new additions to our pipeline with TIGIT as well as with the ADC that we recently acquired. Those clinical
development plans are being formulated, and appropriate indications are yet to be chosen based on the
activity that we will see from these trials.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

To your second question on the recent approval on Alzheimer's disease and then how to see that data and
what to do with that, we do believe, as Giovanni said, that our focus on neurology and neurodegenerative
disease has continued to be there, and we'll continue actually to increase from there onwards. The way
we look at that data is now that the threshold has been set from a regulatory perspective -- it was hard
to gauge before what endpoints to really shoot for and what was the threshold. Now that we know what
the threshold is, it is now probably going to be better or easier to develop studies because there is a
regulatory path forward. As you recall, we recently had announced our collaboration with Prothena and
looking forward to make our way into the clinical studies with that TAU inhibitor with a differentiated
mechanism that we'll be able to take forward. More to follow in the future.

Operator

We'll now take the next question from Seamus Fernandez of Guggenheim.

Seamus Christopher Fernandez
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Great. So first, on Abecma, just wanted to get a better sense of where capacity could potentially go to
and if there's any visibility on the vector dynamics and perhaps when that might release. Is that entirely
reflective of -- is that more reflective of the situation in terms of vector manufacturing and capabilities
at Bluebird? Or is it a global market dynamic associated with the sort of use of nucleic acid targeted
therapies? Just wanted to get a sense of what the impacts are there.

And then what would the hope for expansion of capacity capabilities be in 2022 relative to 2021? And do
you have any sense of timing improvement for the vectors as it relates to a Abecma?

Second question, just wanted to get a little bit of a better sense of the ongoing strategy, the number
of targets that you guys are pursuing. Specifically in multiple myeloma, you have a huge number of
programs ongoing there. Just wanted to have you guys talk a little bit about prioritization in that regard
and where you see the most opportunity for new products in that space, whether it be the CELMoDs
or bispecific, the T cell engager. Just wondering where we're going to see some acceleration in those
programs there.

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thanks, Seamus. So on Abecma, let me just say, to your question, the supply chain of -- globally, the
supply chain for vector is very dynamic. We don't look at this as a specific issue but rather a really
complex issue across the industry. I'll ask Chris to -- whether there's anything he wants to add.

And then we'll talk with Samit about our strategy in multiple myeloma. As I mentioned, excited to have
the iberdomide Phase II data in-house, which is a really important step forward for us. Chris, anything to
add on Abecma?

Christopher S. Boerner
Executive VP & Chief Commercialization Officer

Yes. The only thing I would add, Seamus, is there are sort of 2 dynamics at play with Abecma. One is
the significant demand that we're seeing in the marketplace, which is, I would say, a function of the fact
that there's significant unmet need, the profile of Abecma is very strong and the fact that you've seen a
bolus of patients who have been really reserved for these therapies and this therapy in particular when
it launched. So there's very strong demand, and so obviously, there's an internal focus on increasing our
ability to supply that demand, which has exceeded the supply that we anticipated having to deliver into
the marketplace.

The second thing I would say is this broader global issue around vector supply. That's something we've
been hearing from customers. That's impacting multiple cell therapy products. And obviously, as we think
about our strategy, not only through the end of this year but really as we get into next year, our focus is
going to be ensuring a more stable long-term supply of vector. And that's something we'll be happy to
update on as we have more details to provide you. Samit?
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer of Global Drug Development

Seamus, from a multiple myeloma perspective, we certainly remain the leaders in multiple myeloma
and want to continue to progress on that path. And we have a very strong pipeline, as you very well
mentioned. There are 3 pillars to the multiple myeloma strategy: number one, the CELMoDs. And we
intend to use these CELMoDs as the future backbones, replacing the IMiDs that are currently out there.

In that regard, the strategy is 2-pronged. One is a single agent entering in the late line of therapy. The
first data, we've seen with iberdomide already. And then next year, we'll see the data for CC-480, the
second CELMoD which is more potent.

And then progressing them further up the line in terms of combinations. You might see on clinicaltrials.gov
we've already announced and are initiating a trial in patients who have received 2 to 3 prior lines of
therapy as a combination of iberdomide with daratumumab and dexamethasone compared to VELCADE,
daratumumab and dexamethasone. And that strategy will continue as we go further up the line with the
CELMoDs.

The second pillar is the BCMA-targeted therapies, first of which is already approved, that is Abecma. And
the idea for Abecma will be to, again, move further up the line for eligible patients who can receive cell
therapies. KarMMA-3 is currently enrolling, looking at patients who have received 3 prior lines of therapy.
And then intention would be to go further up the line, again, for the right patient population.

Now not all patients can get cell therapy because of comorbidities or other reasons, and therefore, other
BCMA-directed therapies are going to be important. And that's where the T cell engagers and the ADC
come into play. But they are very early in development right now, in Phase I studies. And so more to
follow on that. Our prioritization -- our belief remains very strong that patients with multiple myeloma still
are not cured, and we will require combination therapies in the future with multiple targets and multiple
modalities and we'll progress accordingly.

Operator

We'll now take the next question from Tim Anderson at Wolfe Research.

Timothy Minton Anderson
Wolfe Research, LLC

Eliquis continues to do well. Of course, one thing that could derail would be an appeals court ruling
overturning the lower court. Can you just give us your expectation for a time line on an appeals court
ruling?

And then second question on just mavacamten. It feels like there's a kind of a back story on the
regulatory front why you guys got the standard review. Because at the time of that deal, you did
expect and you had it in your slides and we thought you'd get a second half 2021 launch. So a fair
amount of time has elapsed since you got the standard review, and I'm wondering if you can share what
concerns the agency may have. It seems like there may be some concerns about not having long enough
cardiovascular duration in terms of efficacy [ that might be important ] for a new filing.

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Yes. Thanks, Tim. Samit, do you want to start with the second question?

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer of Global Drug Development

Sure, absolutely. For mavacamten, Tim, we've already filed for mavacamten. The FDA has already
accepted the file. We have a PDUFA date. So those concerns, I think, are relieved. And our -- we are
really looking forward to bringing these exciting data as well as the medicine to patients with obstructive
hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. As you know, with mavacamten, we have other plans that are already

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

ongoing and in execution in other disease types as well. So we don't see it as a showstopper in any which
way and looking forward to really the readout on the regulatory side and also bringing it globally to other
parts of the world.

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Samit. And with respect to your first question, Tim, on the IP litigation for Eliquis, first of all,
as you know, we're very pleased with the decision that was made by the court in past summer, which
really confirms the strength of not only the composition of matter patent but also our formulation patent.
And as you mentioned, there is an appeal that has been filed, and the hearing is scheduled in September.
So we look forward to hearing the result of that process.

Operator

We'll now take the next question from Carter Gould at Barclays.

Carter Lewis Gould
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Congrats on the results so far. Maybe just first on Reblozyl. Can you talk about sort of the headwinds
you're still seeing from COVID? And also, as you think about ex U.S. kind of ramping over the second half
of the year, any color on expectations or additional countries you expect to launch in?

And then maybe coming back to iberdomide. Samit, you talked about the combination study that got
posted on clinicaltrials.gov. Can you just talk a little bit more around just sort of demonstrating clinical
meaningfulness in the setting where, obviously, you're going to have generic IMiDs in the not-too-distant
future? And you're still -- in the study, you're comparing against -- there's no IMiD in the comparison. So
just really kind of driving home that the importance of CELMoDs in this setting would be helpful.

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Yes. Thanks for the questions. There's really good dynamics on Reblozyl. Let me ask Chris to give you a
better perspective before we cover iberdomide with Samit.

Christopher S. Boerner
Executive VP & Chief Commercialization Officer

Yes. Thanks for the question, Carter. So with respect to COVID, I would say it's very similar to the answer
I gave previously on COVID. I think the dynamics in that market are still evolving. We've not yet seen
a full return to normal. But what I would say is, in the quarter, we also there saw an improvement both
with respect to new patients entering the clinic and being given access to therapy as well as, importantly,
again, our field team's ability to interact with customers. And that's going to be really important here
because you've got to continue to push on an urgency to treat these patients, many of whom have been
treated for a considerable time on ESAs. So those dynamics, we think, are very favorable and bode well
for continued growth opportunities for us as we go into the second half of the year.

And with respect to the ex-U.S. launches, I'd say it's still very early days, but what we've seen is very
good customer reception in early launch markets like Germany. The execution in those markets have
been good. As COVID continues to improve there and we're able to engage with customers more, we
see those dynamics continuing to improve over the course of the year. And then we have, of course,
additional launches as access is secured, most notably with Belgium, The Netherlands, France and Italy in
the coming months.

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer of Global Drug Development

Thanks, Chris. And for iberdomide, the way I look at it is there is a progression of how we move forward
and how we move up the line. If you recall, over the last couple of meetings at ASCO as well as ASH,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

we've been able to show the overall profile for iberdomide. Because of its tolerability, the combinability is
good. So we've been able to combine with dara. We've been able to combine with Kyprolis as well as with
VALCADE.

So this is just one of the first studies that we have launched in the Phase III setting in the randomized
trials. As you know, there's a Phase II study that is also ongoing, doing a head-to-head comparison of
Revlimid versus iberdomide in Europe through [ E&M ]. And we will get to see the data that will form the
basis of the future Phase III trial there. And there will be other studies that will be coming through where
you'll start to see the comparisons versus the IMiDs as well.

Operator

We'll now take the next question from Luisa Hector at Berenberg.

Luisa Caroline Hector
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG, Research Division

I wanted to come back to deucravacitinib. You talked about a potential launch in the second half of next
year. Is that a delay?

And I know previously, you've commented on your plans to build out your dermatology sales force towards
the end of this year. Is that still the plan? Or does that shift slightly into next year?

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thanks, Luisa. Let me say we're really excited getting ready for deucrava. There is no delay. But I'll ask
Samit to give you more perspective, and then Chris will talk about commercial preparation.

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer of Global Drug Development

Sure. Thanks, Giovanni. And Luisa, thanks for your question as well. There is one thing that we need to
remember, that this is an NDA, not an sNDA and certainly, 2 very large studies. This is a priority for the
company. We are certainly looking forward to launching in the second half of next year. And certainly, we
will share the acceptance of the file as the file is validated by the regulatory agencies. There is no other
way to say it, we are excited about the data with the efficacy and the safety that we've shared before.

Christopher S. Boerner
Executive VP & Chief Commercialization Officer

Yes. And what I would say in terms of the commercial and medical build-out is that's well underway.
We feel very good about where we are and the quality of the teams that we've been able to put in
place. Medical has been in place for a number of months, and I would say those teams have very deep
dermatology experience. We obviously have our key internal roles that have been filled and are in the
process of building out launch planning.

Our plan is and has been to build out the sales teams in the second half of this year. We feel very good
about where we are in that timing. And our anticipation is that we're going to be ready for launch
whenever the approval comes. And so really no change in how we're thinking about building out the
commercial teams.

Operator

We'll now take the next question from Steve Scala of Cowen.

Stephen Michael Scala
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

I have a few questions. Regarding the Factor XIa BTE total knee replacement Phase II data, Samit, you
said that the trial showed exactly what was expected. Can you remind us of what you expected? For
instance, did you expect 0 bleeds?

Second, has the FDA asked any questions on deucravacitinib CV risk? And if so, what was the nature of
those questions? And then lastly, do you expect an FDA panel for mavacamten?

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Steve. Let me ask Samit to address all 3 of your questions.

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer of Global Drug Development

Yes. So for Factor XIa, Steve, what -- when I say we got what we wanted, it was a multi-arm study where
we looked at single daily dose as well as BID, and it was a dose range. What we wanted from the study is
to give us an inkling on: number one, the safety profile that we were observing; as well as to see what is
the dose that we should take to Phase III. And that's what we intended from the study, and that's what we
got.

And plus, we wanted to see the therapeutic index, overall what dose range one can use in the future
programs. And that's what we got. Now of course, you'll hear more as the data are presented later this
year, but this is where we started off in the TKR study, and that's what we got.

On the deucrava study that you asked about, what -- the cardiovascular risk question, et cetera, from the
regulatory agencies, of course, we will not comment on our conversations with the regulatory agencies.
Having said that, you've seen the data. We've shown what -- the nonexistence of the cardiovascular risk in
the follow-up that we have for deucravacitinib, and we are very pleased with the profile that we currently
have, which is very differentiated.

On the mavacamten side, once again, not commenting on the regulatory strategies and regulatory
conversations. But we continue to look forward to the PDUFA date in January, and we are certainly very
excited with the data on that side as well.

Operator

We'll now take the next question from Matthew Harrison at Morgan Stanley.

Matthew Kelsey Harrison
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great. I guess 2 for me, following up on a couple of questions from before. On Factor XI, can you just
maybe put the secondary stroke trial into context? What is a good outcome from that study when we see
the results later this year? And then second, on the CELMoDs, especially now that you have some data in-
house, what do you see as the quickest sort of regulatory plan to get that to market?

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thanks, Matthew. Let me ask Samit to address both of your questions.

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer of Global Drug Development

Thank you, Matt. For Factor XIa, from the secondary stroke prevention, the aim of the trial is to be able to
see if Factor XIa can be combined with a background therapy of anti-platelet agents. And that's what we
are looking forward to. Because, as you recall, Factor Xa inhibitors that are out there have a higher risk of
bleeding when they are combined with anti-platelet therapy. So that's what a good outcome would look
like, if we can actually manage that risk profile that is there. And that will then pave the way for taking it

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

forward into indications that are to be discussed with our partners and of course, with the agencies in the
future.

For CELMoD, as Giovanni already shared with -- in his prepared remarks, we've seen the data from
the Phase II trial of iberdomide. We are looking forward to having those conversations with the health
agencies based on the overall response rate data and the overall profile that we have for iberdomide. And
then that will pave the way for seeing if we can bring the drug to market with these data or not. And we'll
share those as we know more.

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Let me just say that with CELMoDs, we have been discussing the progress with this platform for some
time. And I think it's really good to be seeing now that we have 4 -- 5 of those agents in the clinic. And
the iberdomide data is really the beginning of looking at really important proof-of-concept data on a
number of assets. And I'm really pleased that this platform is progressing so well. I think it's going to be
really important for us going forward.

Operator

We'll take the next question from Matt Phipps at William Blair.

Matthew Christopher Phipps
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Another Factor Xa -- or XIa question. Do you have any thoughts on the recent antibody results in total
knee arthroplasty that were published in New England Journal of Medicine last week? Obviously saw a nice
VTE prevention but no real difference in bleeding rates, which might be expected given that was a smaller
size study.

And then I guess just any general thoughts on antibody versus small molecule approach? And then lastly,
can you just confirm if any additional clinical studies for deucra, whether it be a longer follow-up or any
healthy participant data with BDI or anything, is needed prior to submission?

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you. Samit?

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer of Global Drug Development

Let me start on the Factor XIa. I will hold myself from commenting on anybody else's studies. But
certainly, there is the specificity of the antibodies that we have to keep in mind. On the other hand, you
have to keep in mind the oral versus IV aspect of things and oral versus subcutaneous, which will be very
important in the future development and the patient burden as well as the health care system. So we'll
need to continue to monitor that. And then we'll compare the results when full results are available for our
program and then other programs as well as we take into account Phase III development.

For deucravacitinib, as we have previously talked about, we are looking forward to the approval in the
second half of next year. So we are not waiting for additional studies from that perspective unless, of
course, they become a part of the conversations with the health agencies.

Operator

We'll now take the next question from Dane Leone at Raymond James.

Dane Vincent Leone
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Appreciate the updates across the portfolio. Just one quick one, to wrap things up, on Factor XIa. How do
you see the program evolving? Obviously, you seem -- you sound encouraged by the results you have in-
house that will be presented later on TKR. But are you going to take additional compounds into the clinic?
You recently published a paper on 724296 that looked promising. Just thinking about your competitors and
the multipronged approach they're taking versus how you see that program expanding over time.

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer of Global Drug Development

Thank you for the question. For Factor XIa, we are pleased with the profile that we have thus far for Factor
XIa that is in the clinic already, the Milvexian molecule. We do have a backup, but that is progressing,
as one would always have a backup plan, at its own pace. We are not accelerating that. We are looking
forward to seeing the data for the secondary stroke prevention study early next year, and that would then
pave the way for a Phase III program. Nothing more to add from that perspective at this time.

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Samit, and thank you all for joining us today. As we've discussed throughout the call, we had
a very successful quarter. We delivered strong results consistent with our strategy by continuing to grow
revenue, execute on new launches and advance our pipeline.

I'm proud of what our team have accomplished so far this year, including the attainment of several
important milestones. And I'm really encouraged by what we are doing for patients. I believe we're very
well positioned for the future.

I'd like to thank everybody for participating in the call. And of course, our team is available to answer any
additional questions you may have. Thank you, and have a good day.

Operator
That concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

