Bristol-Myers Squibb Company NYSE:BMY
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, May 07, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.45

1.72

Revenue  (mm)

10051.02

10781.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-07-2020 1:29 PM GMT

18.62

7.26

1.56

6.10

7.39

10416.13

41677.91

45203.36

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

1.06

1.07

1.16

1.45

1.18

1.17

1.22

1.72

SURPRISE

11.32 %

9.35 %

5.17 %

18.62 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Christopher S. Boerner
Executive VP & Chief
Commercialization Officer

David V. Elkins
Executive VP & CFO

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Nadim Ahmed
Executive VP & President of
Hematology

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical
Officer of Global Drug
Development

Timothy Power
VP & Head of Investor Relations

ANALYSTS

Seamus Christopher Fernandez
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Stephen Michael Scala
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Terence C. Flynn
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Andrew Simon Baum
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Timothy Minton Anderson
Wolfe Research, LLC

Christopher Thomas Schott
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

David Reed Risinger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Geoffrey Christopher Meacham
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Matthew Christopher Phipps
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the Bristol-Myers Squibb 2020 First Quarter Results Conference Call. Today's
conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Power, Vice
President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Timothy Power
VP & Head of Investor Relations

Thanks, Chloe, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us this morning for our first quarter 2020
earnings call. Joining me this morning with prepared remarks are Giovanni Caforio, our Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer; and David Elkins, our Chief Financial Officer. Also participating in today's call
for the Q&A session are Chris Boerner, our Chief Commercialization Officer; Nadim Ahmed, President,
Hematology; and Samit Hirawat, our Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Drug Development. As
you'll note, we've posted slides at bms.com that you can use to follow along with for David and Giovanni's
remarks.

But before we get started, I'll read our forward-looking statements. During this call, we'll make statements
about the company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual
results may differ materially from those indicated by those forward-looking statements as a result
of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's SEC filings. These forward-
looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing
our estimates as of any future date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking
statements even if our estimates change. We'll also focus our comments on our non-GAAP financial
measures, which are adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of those non-GAAP
financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available at bms.com.

With that, I'll hand it over to Giovanni.

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. I hope that you and your families are healthy and
managing safely through these unprecedented times. The COVID-19 pandemic is profoundly impacting our
lives, families and communities. Over the past months, our company has focused on how we can help in
the global fight against the virus and effectively continue to supply of our medicines to patients globally,
while placing the highest priority on the health and safety of our workforce. I am very proud of how our
teams around the world have risen to the challenge.

During this pandemic, it has been abundantly clear that the biopharma industry plays a critical role in the
prevention and treatment of diseases like COVID-19. Governments, healthcare providers and the public
have turned to us to identify and develop diagnostic tests, effective treatments and vaccines to prevent
the disease. Deep scientific knowledge, development expertise and manufacturing capabilities are what
will ultimately help us prevail, and I've been impressed by the collaboration and speed with which the
industry is responding.

On Slide 4, let me start with what Bristol-Myers Squibb is doing to support the COVID, the global
COVID-19 response efforts focused in 4 key areas: our science, our communities, our patients and our
people. On the R&D front, we have identified approximately 1,000 compounds in our discovery library
that we are making available to external researchers globally to screen for potential molecules to treat
COVID-19. We are evaluating certain medicines in our portfolio that could be included in near-term clinical
trial, with a focus on the inflammatory immune response associated with COVID-19.

We are also participating in cross-industry groups, designed to foster collaboration. This includes the
Gates Foundation COVID-19 Therapeutics Accelerator, the California Institute for Biomedical Research, the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

National Institutes of Health, among others. We have also focused our resources on how we can support
our communities. The Bristol-Myers Squibb Foundation has provided over 170 grants to human service
organizations and patient support groups in over 20 countries around the world in order to address gaps
in response to COVID-19. We are providing personal protective equipments to healthcare providers on
the front lines in China, Italy and to targeted community hospitals here in the U.S., and very importantly,
we have been focused on how to support our patients. We have expanded our existing patient support
programs to help eligible unemployed patients in the U.S. who have lost their health insurance due to the
pandemic by offering access to any branded Bristol-Myers Squibb medicine for free.

We are working with healthcare providers in new ways through effective virtual engagements to ensure
they have the support they need to treat their patients while minimizing in-person contact and the
potential spread of COVID-19. We adjusted our clinical trial operations where needed to ensure the safety
of patients, providers and our employees and to avoid stressing the overall healthcare system. All clinical
trial activities are planned to resume by the end of the year, where local country restrictions have been
lifted. Although the impact on clinical trial time lines is still being evaluated, fully recruited trials are at
lower risk of delays.

I'm incredibly proud of our teams across the globe. First, our essential workers continue to work at our
sites to ensure our medicines reach patients who depend on them. I'm proud of their dedication. Most of
our people are working from home to keep essential workers safe and to minimize the potential spread of
the virus. We are supporting our teams with increased flexibility to ensure they have the time they need
to care for those at home. Our employees who are licensed healthcare workers and wish to volunteer to
provide medical services to patients during the pandemic are supported with full salary and benefits.

Now turning to the quarter. We had excellent performance financially and from a pipeline perspective. Let
me start with the extraordinary pipeline execution in the first quarter on Slide 5. We have continued to
deliver very well on all key value drivers. Starting with approvals. In late March, ZEPOSIA was approved
in the U.S. for relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis with a best-in-class label, and we also received a
positive CHMP opinion recommending approval for ZEPOSIA in Europe. In April, we received FDA approval
for Reblozyl in MDS. This is the second indication for this medicine, and we are very encouraged by
the opportunity we have with this first and only EMA medicine to treat anemia. Additionally, we just
announced a CHMP positive opinion for Reblozyl for both beta thal and MDS in Europe.

With respect to submissions and filings, we received a priority review for liso-cel in third-line plus large
B-cell lymphoma in the U.S. Now with the PDUFA date extended to November 16. We completed our FDA
submission for ide-cel, which is an exciting next step in bringing the first CAR-T candidate to adult patients
with multiple myeloma. And we very recently announced that we received a priority review for CC-486 in
first-line AML maintenance. And with respect to lung cancer, we received a priority review in the U.S. and
CHMP validation in the EU for CheckMate-9LA for Opdivo plus Yervoy plus limited chemo in first-line lung
cancer. And we're looking forward to the PDUFA for CheckMate-227 next week.

Lastly, from a clinical research perspective, we recently reported positive top line results from 2 positive
pivotal Phase III studies in our IO pipeline. CheckMate-9ER, evaluating Opdivo in combination with
Cabometyx in first-line RCC and CheckMate-743, where Opdivo plus Yervoy demonstrated survival benefit
in first-line mesothelioma. We look forward to working with global health authorities to bring this new
combination regimens to patients who are waiting for new treatment options.

This has been a truly remarkable quarter. All of these exciting accomplishments would not have been
possible without the focus and dedication of our global teams.

Moving to Slide 6. We've had a very good quarter financially despite the emergence of the pandemic.
Our business is strong. In the first quarter, we delivered $10.8 billion in sales. Excluding COVID-related
buying patterns, this represents a pro forma underlying growth of 8% versus last year. Our performance
was strong across brands and geographies as a result of excellent commercial execution across the board.
David will provide more details in his remarks, including the shifts we're seeing in buying patterns for
some of our medicines.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Let me now provide more details on how we are managing the business in the current environment. Our
supply chain remains intact. We are continuing to manufacture API without disruption, and we have safety
stock of raw materials and finished products available. The pandemic has naturally caused some logistic
complications, and we are navigating this successfully.

Our integration work is proceeding well. We continue to build on the hard work from '19 that allowed us
to hit the ground running and operate with great efficiencies. We've seen an acceleration in the cultural
cohesion of our new company during the work-from-home period as the current environment has brought
us together in even greater ways. We are on track to deliver $2.5 billion in synergies by the end of '22.

Finally, as we see countries moving to Phase 2 of the pandemic and reopening parts of their economies,
our focus has shifted to recovery, and we are accelerating planning for restart of many of our operations.
We will do this gradually as conditions evolve while continuing to keep the safety and health of our
workforce, our patients and our communities as our highest priorities.

So looking forward, while industry-wide dynamics may create volatility in our business in the short term,
and there is significant uncertainty regarding the dynamics of the evolution of the pandemic, we are
executing well. We remain well positioned and I'm excited about the potential of the company.

With that, I'll hand it over to David to walk you through our financials for this quarter and how we are
thinking about our future. David?

David V. Elkins
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Giovanni. Hello, everyone, and thanks again for joining. I hope that you and your families are
staying safe and healthy while we operate virtually.

As Giovanni mentioned, I'm extremely pleased with the execution of our teams during these
unprecedented times. The benefits of our medicines and the strong commercial execution resulted in
exceptional performance in the first quarter.

Turning to Slide 8. We had strong top line performance in the quarter with global sales increasing double
digits, growing 13% versus prior year on a pro forma basis. We saw significant strengthening of the dollar
in the latter part of March, and though this had a minimal impact in the first quarter, it will be important
to keep this in mind as we think about the full year outlook. Additionally, important to note, sales were
favorably impacted due to COVID-19-related stocking by approximately $500 million. Excluding the
COVID-19 impact, underlying sales performance continued to be strong with 8% growth year-over-year.

Now let's turn to our key brand performance, starting with Eliquis on Slide 9. Eliquis had another strong
quarter, growing 37% year-over-year with sales of $2.6 billion globally, largely driven by strong underlying
demand. We also saw significant favorable impact from channel and patient level stocking due to
COVID-19 of approximately $350 million, which is expected to reverse over the remainder of the year.
Excluding COVID-19 impact, sales growth in the quarter would have been 19%.

As the COVID situation evolves, we'll continue to monitor the impact of customers and patients, including
new patient starts. Although we expect some variability quarter to quarter due to the pandemic, we
remain confident of Eliquis' growth and outlook, where there's continued momentum to grow considering
TRx share of 47% and new-to-brand share of approximately 57%. Looking forward, we continue to expect
significant growth driven by Eliquis' increasingly strong position as the #1 product in the expanding NOAC
class.

Now turning to Opdivo on Slide 10. U.S. demand trends are in line with our expectations. As previously
communicated, demand is down in the low single digits sequentially. We continue to see stabilization of
the second line IO eligibility pool of about 1/3 as well as strengthening of our position in the first-line RCC
market, which sets a good foundation for the potential future launch of CheckMate-9ER. Internationally,
we saw strong execution continued with sales growth of 12% year-over-year. Opdivo was minimally
impacted by COVID-19 in the first quarter with strong shares across all our indications. However, we are

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

aware that COVID-19 has impacted patient access to oncology clinics and infusion centers, which could
impact the volumes of infused products in the second quarter. We will continue to monitor these factors.

Importantly, as we look forward, we believe Opdivo is well positioned for a return to growth in 2021
with action dates in first-line lung for 227 next week and 9LA later this year as well as the upcoming
opportunity for CheckMate-9ER.

Now moving on to our in-line multiple myeloma portfolio on Slide 11. Revlimid and Pomalyst continue
to deliver strong double-digit growth of 14% and 29%, respectively year-over-year. This growth was
driven by increased share in treatment duration due to demand for Revlimid and Pomalyst-based triplet
therapies. The U.S. impact from COVID-19 was relatively minimal in the first quarter. Outside the U.S.,
we estimate a favorable 5 to -- sorry, 5 -- $50 million to $100 million COVID-related stocking, mainly for
Revlimid. Due to the oral administration of Revlimid and Pomalyst, allowing patients to take their therapy
at home and the potential for relapse in myeloma patients if treatment is stopped, we expect less of an
impact due to treatment disruption related to the pandemic. We are continuing to monitor new patient
starts as well as U.S. changes to buying patterns due to the FDA REMS program relaxation from 28-day
to 56-day scripts. Because these products are sold through specialty pharmacies, we do not see the same
level of stocking you would see with other chronic oral medications.

Now let's turn to the strength of the balance sheet and capital allocation on Slide 12. We ended the
quarter in a strong liquidity position with approximately $19 billion in cash and marketable securities
with our net debt coming down to $28 billion. We generated significant cash flow from operations in
the first quarter of nearly $4 billion. The strength of our balance sheet will allow us to execute on our
capital allocation priorities, which will continue to be our prioritization of deleveraging and achieving
less than 1.5x debt-to-EBITDA ratio by the end of 2023, investing in future innovation through business
development and our continued commitment to our dividend. As previously stated, at the close of the
Celgene transaction, we entered into a $7 billion ASR agreement, of which 80% retired quickly. The
remaining 20% will be completed by the end of the second quarter.

While we have a share repurchase authorization, our priority for share repurchase is offsetting stock-
based compensation and having completed the ASR, we don't plan any near-term share repurchases in
the current environment.

Now turning to guidance on Slide 13. We are affirming our 2020 adjusted EPS and updating our revenue
range, MS&A, R&D and OI&E line items. We now expect revenue to be between $40 billion and $42
billion, primarily driven by currency swings I just described. We expect MS&A to be between $6.5 billion
and $6.7 billion and R&D to be between $9.2 billion and $9.4 billion, reflecting reduced activity through
the COVID-19, combined with incremental operational efficiencies. In OI&E, we expect to have reduced
interest income driven by lower interest rates.

Now let me also provide you with some perspective on 2021. We are affirming our non-GAAP 2021 EPS
based on positive momentum in the business and the assumptions we have made about the impact
of COVID-19. As we mentioned in February, we don't plan to provide continual updates to our 2021
guidance. However, this quarter, in light of the exceptional circumstances associated with COVID-19,
we believe it's important to confirm that our view of 2021 is intact. Our guidance reflects what we know
today, and we will need to monitor how things evolve.

With that in mind, let me provide you with some color on our guidance framework on Slide 14. Our
assumption is that the peak impact of COVID-19 crisis on our business occurs in Q2 2020, with a return
to a more stable business environment in Q3 and minimal impact from Q4 2020 onwards. Key factors
assumed in our guidance include products that saw significant advanced buying at the end of Q1 will see
that inventory work down during the rest of the year, mostly in Q2 and, to a lesser extent, in Q3 and Q4;
a reduction in new brand prescriptions and physician-administered product demand during Q2, recovering
in Q3 and fully recovered in Q4; and planning to resume all clinical activities by year-end where local
and country restrictions have been lifted. These assumptions are based off holding FX and interest rates
constant as of mid-April 2020. Our guidance does not include changes to macroeconomic factors that
could affect not just our business but the entire industry. Of course, as we move forward, the factors
that are more industry-related and company-specific might have an impact on our current view, and we

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

will need to incorporate that in our future analysis. These include persistence of the strength of the U.S.
dollar, recovery of demand post Q2 2020 and the evolution of macroeconomic environment. Nevertheless,
the fundamentals of the business remain very strong, and we remain disciplined with respect to our
management of P&L.

Before we move on to Q&A, I want to reiterate how proud I am of our employees during the world crisis.
Our strong first quarter results and our guidance demonstrate resiliency and diversification of our portfolio,
and we continue to feel good about the long-term growth and financial flexibility of the business.

I'll now turn it over to Tim and Giovanni to manage the Q&A.

Timothy Power
VP & Head of Investor Relations
Thanks, David. Chloe, could we go to the first question, please?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

Absolutely. So the first question comes from Seamus Fernandez from Guggenheim.

Seamus Christopher Fernandez
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

So one of the products that we've argued as being missed in the Celgene acquisition is CC-486. I was
hoping that the team could talk a little bit about the commercial prospects for 486 and kind of the
durability of this asset as you think about it. And then incremental to that, just wondering if you could
update us on any data that would be coming outside of ASCO. I believe the EHA abstracts are hitting,
frankly, on the same day as the late-breakers will come out on the -- either on the 28th or the 29th. So
just hoping to get an update on the rest of the pipeline coming at EHA.

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Seamus. Thank you very much. This is Giovanni. So we're very pleased with the priority
review designation for CC-486. I'll ask Nadim to give you a perspective on the commercial opportunity
there, and then Samit can follow up on your questions regarding data in ASCO and beyond. Thanks.

Nadim Ahmed
Executive VP & President of Hematology

Great. Thanks for the question, Seamus. We remain very excited about CC-486. I think it's important
to provide some context. So with AML, it's a very poor prognosis disease, even in the newly diagnosed
setting, where you look at 5-year survival rates of around 15% to 25%, depending on the age of patients.
And even saying that, most patients do have a complete response, but 80% of those patients will relapse
within 18 months. So we're very excited about the fact that CC-486 has delivered a 10-month survival
benefit in that setting. So I think that's really important.

And as we think about the opportunity, it's about 33,000 patients overall. And then if you think about the
relapse rates, you can start to think about the EPI related to the disease. So the fact that we've added
10-month survival benefit, we've doubled the relapse-free survival benefit, I think we're very excited
about the commercial potential, not only in terms of impacting those patients' outcomes, but also the
opportunity now to establish a maintenance treatment paradigm in AML, which other drugs have tried, and
we haven't seen survival benefit, avoiding the maintenance setting. So I think, from our perspective, now
having clarity on the PDUFA date, the launch team preparations are going very well indeed, and we remain
very excited about the opportunity with CC-486.

And in terms of durability, we feel very good about the position we have, our intellectual property around
CC-486. So we're very excited about the opportunity for patients and for the business with CC-486. Maybe
I'll turn it over to Samit now.

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer of Global Drug Development

Thank you, Nadim, and thanks, Seamus, for the question. Let me first say what we are looking at when
we look at ASCO. As you've seen the titles that have come out, we are certainly looking forward to the
very exciting data from 9LA in non-small lung cancer, looking at Opdivo plus Yervoy in limited amount of
chemotherapy, along with an update -- with a 3-year update for CheckMate-227.

In addition to that, from a hematology perspective, more specifically, we're looking forward to the first
presentation of data from the KarMMa trial for ide-cel in multiple myeloma. In addition to the Orva-cel
data update that will be provided. And very importantly, continuing with the multiple myeloma team,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

looking at presentation of the data for CC-480. That's the CEL MoD, which is going to be very, very
important and exciting.

You asked about EHA. EHA will be more of encore presentations following up from ASCO. In addition to
that, we're certainly looking at the data sets in terms of the outpatient use of liso-cel as well at EHA. So
these are going to be important data sets at ASCO, which we will obviously continue to talk about as we
go forward and then follow up if there is anything more to say about EHA thereafter. Thank you.

Operator

The next question comes from Terence Flynn from Goldman Sachs.

Terence C. Flynn
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Great. Maybe this is for Chris. You obviously have a number of ongoing or upcoming launches. And
just wondering how you're adapting the commercial strategy here with the possibility that the current
environment persists longer than maybe we'd expect. And are you confident that you can achieve your
target sales goals for a lot of these new product launches? And then a follow-up question just on liso-cel
BLA submission. I was wondering if you can give any more specifics about the FDA request.

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Terence. Let me just start, I'll ask Chris then to comment on your question and Nadim and also
then Samit can follow up on liso-cel. We're taking a very clear approach with launches. And obviously, the
#1 priority is the health and safety of our employees, of the healthcare professionals. So we don't want
to disrupt sort of healthcare systems right now. And so we've taken the position to really maximize early
on our remote capabilities in terms of engaging with our customers in order to respect to the challenges
of the pandemic. Having said that, while we have global principles, those principles apply differently to
different parts of the world, and they also apply differently to different brands because the launch of the
new indication for an existing well-established brand is clearly a different strategy versus a totally new
medicine. So Chris and Nadim can give you a couple of examples on how those principles we are applying
them to our launches and, obviously, the continued support of our portfolio.

Christopher S. Boerner
Executive VP & Chief Commercialization Officer

Yes. So maybe I'll start, Terence. Thanks for the question. So as Giovanni mentioned, we made the
decision a number of weeks ago to pull in-personal -- in-person engagement with customers. That said,
we have continued both on the medical and commercial side to engage with customers remotely. The good
news is that BMS has made significant investments in remote engagement capabilities over the last few
years. So the teams have a lot of experience, not just for the last couple of months but for many years in
leveraging this technology to engage with customers.

And as Giovanni mentioned, we've very much taken the point of view that every launch is going to be
viewed as independently, and we'll look at how we're going to engage with customers and how we're
going to think about those launches given the specifics. So for example, you'll recall that when ZEPOSIA
was approved in late March, we decided to postpone that launch. We did so because at the time, the
healthcare system was really just bracing for the impact of COVID, and within the MS community,
specifically, we were starting to see a pretty big impact on their ability to operate. Through March, for
example, we saw about a 25% decrease in new-to-brand scripts in MS. And we, frankly, didn't feel that
the conditions were appropriate to introduce a new medicine without having our commercial and medical
team to be able to effectively engage with customers. That said, in recent weeks, we've begun to see the
MS market begin to adapt to the current environment. Importantly, physicians are beginning to actively
initiate new therapies. They've begun switching patients on therapy. And as a result, we plan to launch
ZEPOSIA on June 1.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

In terms of preparation, the teams are very well prepared. We've hired a very experienced medical and
commercial team that's been fully in place, frankly, before launch, and we've gotten very good feedback
on the ZEPOSIA profile. So we're very excited about making that opportunity available. Obviously, initially,
that launch will heavily index. And this will be true for first-line lung cancer as well. It will heavily index
on remote engagements. Again, we have a lot of experience in leveraging that technology. And then as
conditions warrant, we'll be able to dial up in-personal promotion. And ultimately, as we always do, we'll
use a mix of both in-person and remote engagement to support those launches. And we have a lot of
confidence in the teams across the commercial organization and our ability to execute these launches.
Nadim, anything to add?

Nadim Ahmed
Executive VP & President of Hematology

Sure. Thanks, Chris. I mean I would just say a couple of things. One, we are very excited about the
opportunity to launch 4 first-in-class or best-in-class medicines in the U.S. just this year. And so the
launch preparations are going very, very well with the team. Of course, we'll continue to use our deep
relationships with hematology experts and hematologists and also our commercial infrastructure. So
between Reblozyl, liso-cel, ide-cel, CC-486, that's the potential for 4 launches in the U.S. this year.

And just to give you some flavor, what Chris was saying, we were able to very quickly, with Reblozyl, pivot
for the MDS launch from an in-lie situation, which we thought at the beginning of the year, to a virtual
launch. And we continue to hear good success stories about the ability to access physicians and customers
in general through virtual engagement. So we are very excited about the launches ahead of us. And as
Chris said, we've really pivoted to that digital environment and we're finding -- we're gaining good access.
So very excited about those launches.

And then I'll hand over to Samit for the other part of your question.

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer of Global Drug Development

Thank you, Nadim and thanks, Terence, for the question. As it relates to liso-cel, as you know, that we
have submitted the application, the comprehensive data sets at the end of last year. And the FDA accepted
the application for liso-cel and granted a priority review in February of this year. Now it is typical for
the FDA to request additional information as they continue their review process. And after the company
supplied the information in response to several requests that the FDA has made, FDA has decided with
the information they've received constitute a major amendment. And that's why the PDUFA date has been
extended by 3 months to the 16th of November now. And we are obviously committed to ensuring this
medicine is available to patients as soon as possible, and we continue to meet our CVR milestones.

Obviously, we're not going to comment on the specifics of our regulatory discussions, but let me just
remind that we remain very confident about the data for liso-cel for these patients with non-B cell
lymphoma as it is an unmet medical need, and we're truly looking forward to the approval of this therapy
towards the end of the year.

Operator

The next question comes from Geoffrey Meacham from Bank of America.

Geoffrey Christopher Meacham
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I just had a couple -- as a follow-up for David. If the environment normalizes this year, you may see a
lower run rate for some of your launches. And so does this affect how you think about 2021 in terms of
revenue or cash flow? And are there opportunities for synergies to be realized on an accelerated basis?

And then, Giovanni, big picture on the beauty front, you talked about your Celgene focus even as you fully
integrate Celgene. So just curious whether the COVID-19 environment alter this view, either the priorities
on perhaps the size and scope of it?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Geoff. Let me ask David to start and give you a perspective on 2020 and '21. It's really what
has been reflected in our guidance, and I'll get to your second question immediately after.

David V. Elkins
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So thank you for the question. Particularly on guidance, as we're thinking about it, as we said, is
right now, we think the inventory data that came through is going to release out mainly in Q2 and for
the remainder of the year. As far what we're watching closely is the new patient starts in anticipation
that, that recovers in Q3 and back to normal in Q4 and as well as the infusion centers and the volumes
returning to normal, and that would continue into 2021.

What I would say is that the underlying performance of the business is very strong in the first quarter. And
as you heard about with the product launches, our confidence in those 4 product launches are coming this
year as well as the product launches next year. That gives us the confidence in reiterating our guidance for
both this year and next year, but we're going to keep a very close eye on the macroeconomic factors that
could wind up impacting the entire industry, as I talked about in my remarks.

As far as the synergies, we're continuing to review those synergies, both internally as well as with our
Board. We are really pleased with the progress we've been making on the synergy front. And the progress
with our third-party vendors has done very well. And as far as getting the organization in place, the vast
majority of our placements of the organization are done. And as far as site selection is concerned, bringing
our sites together and that's moving along as planned as well. So we remain confident in delivering the
synergy targets that we have.

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, David. So just -- and going back to your question, Geoff. So let me just say, first of all, we are
very happy with the progress we've made with the integration of the company and, at the same time, the
strength of execution in the company. So on one side, our business continues to perform really well. As
you've seen, we've made great progress with the pipeline against all key value drivers. We're executing
well. We've made progress. I would say we are progressing really well with synergies as well, and we have
tremendous flexibility from a P&L perspective and from a financials perspective.

So going forward, we will continue to be very disciplined in terms of how we think about resource
allocation and expenses given evolutions related to the COVID pandemic. Now given our strong position,
as David mentioned earlier, we've not really changed our capital allocation strategy. Business development
remains the central pillar of our strategy. We are very focused on continuing to bring the new assets and
innovation into the company. I expect that to continue to be the case, and it's very possible, in fact, that
there are more opportunities available to us going forward. And we are definitely focused on business
development as we've always been, so thank you.

Operator

The next question comes from Chris Schott from JPMorgan.

Christopher Thomas Schott
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. Just 2 for me. The first one, in light of the 9ER study, can you talk about the RCC market and the
opportunity you see for Opdivo-Yervoy versus IO-TKI combinations over time and how you see Bristol
positioning these 2 different frontline offerings you're going to have as you think about how you're going
to position them relative to one another?

My second question was on COVID and drug pricing. I think you mentioned some of these kind of
macroeconomic factors, but when you think about high unemployment as well as growing budget deficits

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

from government payers, how do you see that flowing through as we think about net pricing looking out
later this year and into 2021? Is it -- a core of the question, do you think it's likely that we're going to see
some sort of incremental impact to pricing from what's occurring with COVID right now?

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Chris. Let me start, I'll give you my perspective on pricing, and then I'll ask Chris to comment
on 9ER and RCC, it's exciting there.

So first of all, I think a lot of -- first of all, I would say, Chris, the issue of drug pricing is one where we've
been in dialogue now for a period of time, and we, as an industry and as a company, continue to think
that there is a real need to be strategic and think about reforming some of the elements of the pricing
system in the U.S. that are creating affordability issues for patients. As you know, we believe there is a
real opportunity through rebate reform and other measures that are market-based to address the issue of
drug pricing in terms of patient affordability, which is the real issue.

Now with respect to your question, first, it's early days and it is early to say, and it's difficult to speculate
on the future. Of course, the focus of many, and I think that was at the center of your question, is what
happens in an environment where unemployment is higher and there is a significant impact to the
commercial markets. So one way to think about it, if you look at our business, where 60% of our business,
approximately in the U.S., in the U.S. -- so of that 60%, about 25% of our business is in the commercial
space. And when you look at the dynamics that may play out in the commercial space, I think a lot
depends on what happens to patients that may be unemployed and potentially lose coverage. So some of
those patients will move to a spouse's insurance plan. Some of those patients may take up COBRA. And
obviously, any strategy or policy that makes that more affordable would be -- even more affordable would
be beneficial for patients. Some of those patients will be eligible for Medicare. If they're over 65, there
may be some shift to government programs like the exchanges or Medicaid, and hopefully, no patients or
very few patients loses coverage. So these are all of the dynamics that we're going to be working through.
And of course, a lot depends on the shape of the recovery and how long unemployment lasts. But I think
these are sort of the macro factors that we'll be looking at together. So with that, I'll ask Chris to give you
his perspective about the RCC market and the excitement with 9ER.

Christopher S. Boerner
Executive VP & Chief Commercialization Officer

Yes. Thanks for the question, Chris. We're very excited about the data that we saw with 9ER. Maybe in
answering your question, I'll start with just kind of an update on where we are with Opdivo plus Yervoy
today in first-line renal. If you go back year, one of the things that we said when we first started to see the
IO-TKI data was that we anticipated that Opdivo plus Yervoy would remain a standard of care in first line,
and that's precisely what's happened. And we think that's been driven primarily by the impressive long-
term benefits that you've seen with Opdivo plus Yervoy.

We just saw the 42-month OS update at ASCO GU. That OS was about 56% in the ITT population, and
that's driven continued strong performance of Opdivo plus Yervoy first line. Market share right now is
between 30% and 35% overall. It's on the upper end of that range when you look at the labeled indication
that we have in intermediate and poor. We do get some non-promoted use in the favorable population,
which is off-label for us, of about 15% Opdivo plus Yervoy use there. And we've also seen that the
majority of the use that existing IO plus TKI therapies have gotten in first-line renal has largely be at the
expense of TKI monotherapy. So Opdivo plus Yervoy has held up really well, and in fact, we've seen a bit
of an uptick in Opdivo plus Yervoy over the last number of months. 9ER, very exciting data. We're very
happy to see both the OS and the PFS data that we saw there. Also very encouraged by the safety profile
for 9ER.

In terms of how we're thinking about positioning it, still very early days and we're working through
the data. But we think these data compete very well against existing IO-TKI therapies. As a result, we
think there's an opportunity to drive share from existing IO-TKI therapies. We also think that there's an

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

opportunity to drive share from TKI monotherapy. In spite of advances in first line renal, TKI monotherapy,
is still about 20% to 25% of share, mostly in the favorable population.

And with respect to favorables, we think there's an opportunity there for us as well since 9ER crossed
risk status and included that favorable population. And now once approved, we'll have access to that
population promotionally.

Importantly and the last thing I would say is that once approved, 9ER really does give us the opportunity
to offer patients multiple IO modalities here. We'll have -- we'll be the only company, frankly, to have dual
IO but also what we believe will be a best-in-class IO-TKI offering. So very excited about the opportunity
that 9ER affords us to help patients and provide another modality to those patients. And I think that
there's a nice opportunity.

Operator

The next question comes from Andrew Baum from Citi.

Andrew Simon Baum
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Some questions for Samit, please. In terms of the pending 9LA data at ASCO, what is the follow-up of
that data for both OSM for PFS? My question is, are physicians going to come out of that presentation and
rethink their strategy for first-line non-small cell lung on the back of that data. Is there enough follow-up
there?

Second, in terms of the 9ER trial, could you talk to cabozantinib? I remember that when you ran the Phase
II, there was a question about toxicity and I think it should be used in low dose. So given it's a much more
promiscuous TTI, should we assume a favorable or comparable tox profile? Anything you could share there
would be interesting.

And then finally on TIGIT, or TIGIT. Roche is pushing forward very aggressively with their TIGIT
antagonist. Merck, clearly, is interested and active with theirs. Your program seems not to have been very
much. Is that a function of resource allocation? Or is it a function of what you're seeing with this particular
molecule?

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Andrew. So Samit, I believe all 3 elements of the questions are for you.

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer of Global Drug Development

Thank you, Andrew, always -- as always, very thoughtful questions and certainly thought provoking.

From a 9LA perspective, certainly, we're looking forward to the first presentation of the data at ASCO,
although virtually, but certainly going to be very meaningful. As you recall, we had finished enrollment
towards the beginning of last year. So had the first readout of the data, the interim analysis has followed
the short. What we will be able to share is follow-on data from that perspective. It's very important, I
think, to realize from 9LA perspective, a few things that questions that we will be looking towards the data
to answer. One is, as you continue the follow on, and as you continue to follow up, what happens to that
OS curve? Does it start to flatten out? Number one.

Number two, what happens to that beginning part of the curve that we saw in CheckMate-227, where we
have the early progressors? And how a limited amount of chemotherapy can impact that? I think those are
the very important answers that we've been looking for as we look towards the presentation of the 9LA
data. We remain excited. I think both of them have to be considered together, the 227 data and the 9LA
data in overall management of a patient as we look towards non-small cell lung cancer management as we
go forward. So I think that dual IO inhibition becomes very important, along with that shortened duration

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

of chemotherapy for some patients we acquired. I will obviously ask, towards the end, when I finish, that
to Chris also to comment from commercial perspective, what that really means.

On the 9ER side, as you mentioned, CABOMETYX reviews of the dose of 40 milligrams, and certainly,
that is going to be important in terms of management of the safety profile, as we've already said, that
overall, what we have seen is generally quite manageable safety profile. As Chris also spoke about,
that this provides an opportunity for further use of Opdivo in all the risk categories in combination with
CABOMETYX. So certainly, a very exciting news where the trial has met all 3 endpoints or major endpoints
that we look at from an overall survival benefit as well as looking at PFS and this constraint in addition to a
very well-managed safety profile.

And I'll finish off on the TIGIT, and then I'll pass it on to Chris to comment further on both the 9LA as well
as 9ER. On the TIGIT perspective, we are looking forward to see the data that Roche will be presenting.
Certainly, a very complex mechanism, as you very well know. We have our molecule, which is in Phase I.
We continue to evaluate the safety and the overall dose profile for that agent. And certainly, there's no
data to be shared yet. But we will certainly learn from what Roche is going to present, and then we'll see if
we need to manage differently. Chris, you want to add things?

Christopher S. Boerner
Executive VP & Chief Commercialization Officer

Sure. I think that Samit hit on most of the points around 9LA. What I would say from a commercial
standpoint is, obviously, we've had a lot of discussions with physicians over the last few months about 227
and 9LA. And it's important what Samit said that positions, and we really do think that 227 and 9LA really
need to be thought about together. 227, you'll recall that what we showed was about 50% of responders
were still responding at 2 years, and we saw this nice flattening of the OS curve. You'll see how that data
matures at ASCO in a few weeks. But then the way physicians are thinking about 9LA is very much as
complementary to 227 in that they offer the benefit of Opdivo plus Yervoy to patients who don't need
chemotherapy, that's 227; and for those patients who potentially do need chemotherapy, and that's where
9LA came in -- comes into play. And I think Samit hit on some of the key things that you want to pay
attention to when that data are presented at ASCO in a few weeks.

Two other things that I would just keep in mind with respect to Opdivo plus Yervoy in lung. First are about
half of the lung cancer treaters have used Opdivo plus Yervoy, either in melanoma or renal. So they're
familiar with the benefit that we see with that regimen there. And those physicians account for about 2/3
of total lung cancer patients.

And then the second thing, not a trivial thing, is that we have a very experienced team with a track record
of being able to establish Opdivo plus Yervoy as a standard of care in both of the tumors in which we've
been approved with that regimen, and they're incredibly excited and prepared to launch Opdivo plus
Yervoy in first-line lung cancer. And we're really looking forward to the PDUFA date for 227 next week.

Operator

The next question comes from Tim Anderson from Wolfe Research.

Timothy Minton Anderson
Wolfe Research, LLC

A couple of questions, please. Quite a few number of years ago, Bristol narrowed its footprint in emerging
markets intentionally to kind of focus on, I think, what it felt was geographies where it had more scale and
presence. But with Celgene folded in, you're a much bigger organization, and it kind of makes me wonder
what the plan is with emerging markets going forward. I don't even see emerging markets or China
mentioned in the press release or in the slide deck. But as we've seen across the industry, geographies
like China are very important, especially in the area of oncology. That makes me wonder if there's kind of
an untapped revenue stream here and what's the solution if you think there is indeed a problem that you
don't have a big enough footprint now given the size of the company.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

And second question is on LAG-3. If I understand that you have pivotal LAG-3 plus Opdivo combination
data coming up around year-end in first-line melanoma. That's a program that doesn't seem to get talked
about very much. Investor expectations are low. My question is, should those expectations be low. Do you
view this as a high-risk program?

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Tim. Let me just answer your first question, and then I'll ask Samit to give you his perspective
on the ongoing LAG-3 program. I think your point is really important. It is a very good question. You are
right, that given our focus on oncology and all of the work that we have done over the last few years,
we have been focused primarily on, I would say, the developed world. I must say, we have a meaningful
presence in developing countries. And when we've seen -- when we look at the development of our
oncology business, in particular, we have had significant success actually outside of the U.S. and Europe
and major markets, including Central and Eastern Europe and some of the key markets in Latin America.
And as you know, recently, with the approval of Opdivo in China. So it is also accurate that now we have
a broader portfolio and more opportunities to establish a larger presence outside of the sort of Tier 1 top
markets and I'm actually really confident we have the right capabilities there, and we have a strong base
to continue to invest internationally. There is a real opportunity, but there is also already a presence of
the BMS portfolio that has been successful there. So we'll continue to invest across different geographies
and there is an opportunity with a broader portfolio to have an even broader approach with respect to the
footprint. Samit?

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer of Global Drug Development

Thank you, Giovanni. I'll take on the LAG-3 question. So I think first of all, a lot has happened in terms
of the drug development part in patients with melanoma. And certainly, BMS played a -- BMS has played
a big role in getting the IO therapies there, with both Opdivo and Yervoy. LAG-3 is a new mechanism
that we are excited about. From the early Phase I data we have seen and also from a biomarker data
perspective, looking at the T-cell exhaustion and how to get the immune system going again. And from
that perspective, this is going to be a very important study. The trial is currently enrolling and we're
certainly seeing from the investigators perspective, they remain excited, and they continue to enroll
patients in the trial. It is on track from an enrollment perspective. We continue to collect the data. We're
looking towards the readout towards the end of the year.

And in parallel, we continue to plan life cycle management studies in terms of looking at additional
indications that you will hear about as we roll them out towards the end of the year, early next year as
well.

Operator

The next question comes from Matt Phipps from William Blair.

Matthew Christopher Phipps
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

First, given the current environment and potential trouble accessing infusion clinics, is there any reason to
accelerate the development of a subcutaneous nivolumab? I know the trial has been going on there since
2018, looking at that.

And secondly, for the TYK2 small molecule, just want to confirm if the psoriasis trials are on track to
complete for mid-year or this summer and all the physician assessments will be completed. And then, a
lot of formulation work ongoing according to clinicaltrials.gov and just wondering if any of that will impact
potential filings in the near term if the trials are successful.

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Thank you, Matt. So Samit, I think there is 2 questions on subcu, Opdivo and then the status of the TYK2
program?

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer of Global Drug Development

Absolutely. Thank you. So the only thing I can say about the subcu nivo, that we are currently evaluating
that. It is ongoing. I think the acceleration will depend on the outcomes of the first Phase I study that we
look towards the dosing and the tolerability and safety, which should be available sometime soon. And
then based on that, we will continue to progress further, looking into the further development and bringing
it to the patients.

For your second question around TYK2, as you recall, the Phase II data was certainly very, very promising.
Phase III trials, both 046, 047 completed enrollment. So at this time, we are looking at a follow-up of
these patients, collection of the data and screening activities so that we can approach the database lock.
There is no reason to believe that there will be any delays. We're looking towards the end of the year for
readout of the first study, 046 and first quarter of next year for 047 for the psoriasis program. So those 2
are the updates for TYK2 and subcu nivo. Back to you, Tim.

Timothy Power
VP & Head of Investor Relations

Thanks, Samit. And I know we're starting to run close to the end of our normal time, but I think it's
maybe time to squeeze in 2 more questions, Chloe. Could we go to the next one?

Operator

The next question comes from Steve Scala from Cowen.

Stephen Michael Scala
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Your comments on the liso-cel PDUFA extension reflected no real concern whatsoever and it's 1 of the 4
new launches you called out for this year. It seems you are completely comfortable with the FDA meeting
the regulatory time line. I just want to make sure that, that's the impression you wish to convey to us.
And then secondly, it was stated that the COVID-19 could lead to inventory destock and a drop in patient
visits to infusion centers in the second quarter as well as beyond that. I'm just curious. What was the
decline in these metrics during the month of April?

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Sure. Thank you, Steve. So I think we've already made comments on liso-cel. But I'll ask Samit, if there's
anything he wants to add. And then David can give you a perspective about different market dynamics
and how we see them impacting the business for the rest of the year.

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer of Global Drug Development

Thank you, Giovanni, and thanks, Steve, for the question. For liso-cel, what have said, that we remain
confident in the data. We remain confident in the data that we submitted to the FDA. It is very normal
for the FDA to, as they review the file, to ask questions. Certainly, we are looking towards the approval
date now in November. During the review process, there may be many more questions that come
to us, but that's a very normal process. So I think that's the way to look at it. Obviously, we cannot
comment specifically on types of questions or what it relates to from a regulatory point of view. We remain
confident, and we are looking forward to bringing this treatment to patients as soon as possible towards
the end of this year.

David V. Elkins
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Yes. And just on the question around the stocking that we saw. So as we entered the pandemic
situation in February and March, and what we saw was across the -- across the board we saw safety
stocks increasing, so we saw wholesalers, making sure they had increased inventory. We also saw that
pharmacies had extra safety stock, and then we even saw with patients getting longer scripts, as we
talked about, Revlimid was an example growing -- doubling the number of days that they could get.

What we're -- are starting to see is some of that destocking come out. And we anticipate, as I said earlier,
that the majority of that will come out in Q2. So of the $500 million that we talked about, a majority of
that will come out in Q2, and then we'll see it coming out -- the remainder of that coming out in Q3 and
Q4 is what we're anticipating. As far as what we're seeing on the new patient starts, it's early days, what
we're seeing there. But we could see some of those newer access declining about 10% to 20% depending
upon. And we'll be watching that very closely in the second quarter, and we'll update you on that. And
then on the infusion center, similar that we're seeing in that 10% to 20% range as well, fewer patients.
But again, that's something that we're going to keep an eye on in the second quarter as well.

Chris, I don't know if there's anything that you wanted to add to that.

Christopher S. Boerner
Executive VP & Chief Commercialization Officer

I think you've managed to hit on the key points. The only other thing I would say is that the drop that
we've seen in patient volume, and particularly in new patient starts, has varied, really, across therapeutic
areas. So in the CV space, it's been sort of on the order of 20% to 25% across the OAC class, a lesser
extent in oncology in the tumors that we are in. It's been on the order of 5% to 20%. And as David
mentioned, that has led to some choppiness, for example, in Opdivo sales in April, which we think is
attributable to the new patients -- to the drop in new patient starts. That said, we would expect that, as
David had mentioned, that would -- the biggest impact for that would be in the second quarter that would
begin to normalize and be back to more normal levels by the third quarter -- by the fourth quarter, and
that's what we'll be continuing to monitor.

Operator

The next question comes from Dave Risinger from Morgan Stanley.

David Reed Risinger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So congrats on the results and the prospects. I have 2 questions. First, could you just comment on the
ozanimod opportunity in ulcerative colitis and the expected timing of Phase III top line results? And then I
missed part of the call earlier, so I don't know if you discussed it, but could you also comment on Opdivo
adjuvant trial readouts to watch? And maybe you could focus us on the biggest incremental commercial
opportunities with respect to those adjuvant trials.

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, David. So Samit and Chris can address both of your questions.

Christopher S. Boerner
Executive VP & Chief Commercialization Officer

Samit, if you want to start with the data on IBD and then I'll pick up on the commercial opportunity and
talk about adjuvant.

Samit Hirawat
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer of Global Drug Development

Sure, absolutely. And then certainly from the data that we're looking forward to for ozanimod as opposed
in ulcerative colitis, we're still on track. As you know, the trial had already completed enrollment. And

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

we're looking towards the third quarter of this year for the top line readout. Let me give it back to you for
adjuvant time lines and the impact, Chris?

Christopher S. Boerner
Executive VP & Chief Commercialization Officer

So just on the commercial opportunity in IBD, what I would say to build on what Samit started with
around the data is that with both ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease, as you may know, these are
chronic conditions. They require multiple treatments to manage. And in both of those disease areas, there
really is a need for more efficacious drugs with a manageable safety profile.

In terms of how we think we could play in that space with ozanimod, in the pre-biologics space, I think
there's a need for safe, convenient options with efficacy that's on the order of what you see with biologics.
That's especially true in Crohn's disease, which lacks any sort of a well-established first-line treatment.
And then in the post biologic space, there's really a need for safe options with a different MOA for patients
as they develop immunogenicity to biologics.

And as Samit alluded to, the data are still relatively young. And ultimately, the opportunity that we're
going to have is going to be data dependent there. With respect to the adjuvant opportunity, as we've
talked about routinely, we're excited about the adjuvant opportunity. It's a space where IO should work,
given you have an intact immune system. The data that we've seen so far, both in adjuvant melanoma
with Opdivo and Yervoy and some of the early data that we've seen with Opdivo in the neoadjuvant
setting where we saw about a 45% pathological response rate look very encouraging. And we think it's
the opportunity to have the biggest impact on patients. In terms of those commercial opportunities we've
been watching out for, remember, the way to think about it commercially is not only the patients who are
treated today, but much like what we saw with the introduction of IO in adjuvant melanoma. You really
have an opportunity to improve the treatment rate. So you need to look at both patients who are treated
today but also what's the treatment rate. So the ones to keep an eye on would be lung. Lung is an area
where, in the U.S., there are about 10,000 patients treated today, but the treatment rate in adjuvant lung
is only about 40%. Similarly, we're excited about the opportunities in renal cell and esophageal. Those are
also potentially large opportunities. Renal, in particular, the treatment rate in adjuvant is only about 15%.
And then obviously, we have ongoing programs in adjuvant melanoma as well.

Other programs that are of interest would be gastric, bladder. And the nice thing about the portfolio of
adjuvant programs we have is that we've got multiple approaches, and we're also looking at traditional
adjuvant as well as neoadjuvant and periadjuvant. So really excited about the opportunity.

Giovanni Caforio
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you. Thanks, Chris. So thanks, everyone, for participating in the call. This was a very strong
quarter. I'm very proud of our execution and the resilience of our organization. I look forward to what we
will continue to achieve together.

In closing, it is clear that the pandemic is impacting our lives. It's also shed a light on the potential we
have as an industry and as a company to transform the lives of patients through science. We're focused
on doing our part in continuing to deliver medicines that our patients are depending on. Thanks, everyone,
and our team will continue to be available to answer the rest of your questions. Have a good day. Thank
you.

Operator
This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

