Brown & Brown, Inc. NYSE:BRO
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, January 26, 2021 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.29

0.32

10.34

0.54

1.66

1.67

0.60

1.82

623.34

642.10

3.01

745.74

2595.09

2613.40

0.71

2860.00

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-26-2021 12:07 AM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.46

0.28

0.43

0.29

0.51

0.34

0.52

0.32

10.87 %

21.43 %

20.93 %

10.34 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
BROWN & BROWN, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

J. Powell Brown
CEO, President & Director

R. Andrew Watts
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

ANALYSTS

Charles Gregory Peters
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Charles Gregory Peters
CIMB Research

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Mark Douglas Hughes
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Michael David Zaremski
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Philip Michael Stefano
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Yaron Joseph Kinar
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

BROWN & BROWN, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the Brown & Brown, Inc. Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. Today's call is being
recorded.

Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including information contained in the
slide presentation posted in connection with this call and including answers given in response to your
questions, may relate to future results and events, or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such
statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the
company's anticipated financial results for the fourth quarter and are intended to fall within the safe
harbor provisions of the securities law.

Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ
materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements
made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include the company's determination as it finalizes
its financial results for the fourth quarter that its financial results differ from the current preliminary
unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday.

Other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified and those risks and
uncertainties identified from time to time in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the company's business and
prospects as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide
presentation posted in connection with call and in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission.

We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as
a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In addition, there are certain non-GAAP financial
measures used in this conference call. A reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measures to the most
comparable GAAP financial measure can be found in the company's earnings press release or in the
investor presentation for this call on the company's website at www.bbinsurance.com by clicking on
Investor Relations and then Calendar of Events.

With that said, I will now turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You
may begin.

J. Powell Brown
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Holly. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter 2020
earnings call. I'd like to take a few minutes to make some high-level comments about our business and
how we performed last year.

We came into 2020 with great momentum, and this continued into the first quarter, delivering 5.6%
organic growth. Then COVID-19 hit the U.S. economy and things changed dramatically. While there was
significant uncertainty, we knew we had a great team that is resilient, responsive and innovative, with
a focus on providing solutions to our customers. In addition, we were able to move -- we were able to
quickly transition over 10,000 teammates to a remote working environment in less than a week so they
could pivot and effectively serve our customers.

As you may remember, we didn't grow as quickly in the second quarter due to the impact of the pandemic
on our new business and the recording of revenue adjustments for general liability policies while we still
expanded our margins. Then in the third quarter, we delivered outstanding results with strong organic
growth and margin expansion. The results of the fourth quarter were similar to the third quarter as we
finished the year strong and with good momentum going into '21.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

BROWN & BROWN, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Based on what we were seeing, if you'd asked me if it was likely that we would deliver full year results
with good organic growth and meaningful margin expansion, I would have said it was possible, but
unlikely that if you would ask me that in, let's say, April.

We are very pleased with our results for 2020. We are able to deliver these results through the hard work
of our teammates and their dedication to our customers. 2020 was a testament to our laser focus on
delivering innovative risk solutions. We also thought the M&A landscape would cool off for several quarters
until there was some sort of economic stability. The slowdown only occurred for about 1 quarter, and the
industry-wide activity has now rebounded to pre COVID-19 levels. Even with the uncertainty this year,
we're very pleased to have completed 25 acquisitions and $197 million of acquired annual revenue.

I'd like to highlight 2 strategic acquisitions, CoverHound that we completed in the fourth quarter and
O’Leary Insurances that we announced in the fourth quarter and closed on the 14th of January. Regarding
CoverHound, this acquisition will help us in many ways. First, it will help us further our investment in
technology, drive our innovation agenda and improve our carrier connectivity. Second, it enables us to
more effectively and efficiently provide quotes and bond coverage for our National Programs segment.

Third, it enables us to better serve smaller customers within our Retail segment. Ultimately, these items
are focused on enhancing the customer buying experience by delivering curated quotes that best meet the
needs of our customers. We believe these new capabilities are unique in the marketplace.

We started 2020 with the acquisition of Special Risk in British Columbia and finished the year with our
acquisition of O’Leary Insurances in Ireland. O’Leary was the largest independently owned retail brokers
serving the Irish marketplace. This acquisition strengthens our European operations, which we look
forward to further developing in the years ahead. Our new teammates and capabilities will deliver many
opportunities over the coming years.

We're extremely proud of our results in 2020 and the delivery of total shareholder returns in excess of
20%. And I'd like to thank all of our teammates for everything they did to make it a great year.

As you've seen in the press release, Tony Strianese is taking on the role of Chairman of our wholesale
segment, and Steve Boyd will become our President of Wholesale. Steve's background in National
Programs as an operator and in technology brings critical skills to the leadership team and wholesale as
we continue to grow this important business through innovative solutions. I'm excited that Tony and Steve
will be working together to further drive this growth in the future.

Now let's transition to the results of the quarter and the full year. I'm on Slide #3. We delivered strong
results, again, this quarter. Total revenue was $642 million, growing 10.9% in total and 4.7% organically.
I'll get into more detail in a few minutes about the performance of our segments.

Our EBITDAC margin was 27.1%, which is up 10 basis points from the fourth quarter of 2019. Please
remember that the fourth quarter of '19 included a gain on sale of business that benefited the prior year
margin by approximately 100 basis points. Our net income per share for the fourth quarter was $0.34,
increasing 25.9% on an as-reported basis.

On an adjusted basis, which excludes the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables, our net
income per share was $0.32, an increase of 14.3% over the prior year. Our team did an outstanding job
of continuing to profitably grow our revenue as well as manage our expenses in response to the dynamics
associated with COVID-19. During the quarter, we completed another 9 acquisitions with annual revenues
of approximately $80 million. We'd like to extend a warm welcome to all of our new teammates that joined
during the quarter.

For the year, we grew total revenues of 9.2% and delivered organic revenue growth of 3.8%. This was an
outstanding performance given the economic headwinds experienced for most of the year. We improved
our EBITDAC margin by 110 basis points to 31.1% compared to 2019 as we leverage the growth in
organic revenue and managed our expenses in response to the pandemic. Our net income per share for
the full year of '20 increased 20.7% to $1.69 from $1.40 in 2019. On an adjusted basis, which excludes
the change in acquisition earn-outs, net income per share increased 19.3%.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

BROWN & BROWN, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Lastly, we had another strong year of M&A activity, as I said earlier, closing 25 acquisitions with
approximately $197 million of annual revenue, adding many excellent businesses and teammates. Later in
the presentation, Andy will discuss our financial results in more detail.

I'm now on Slide 5. In prior calls, we talked about factors that would impact the economic recovery, which
included the elections, the approval of the vaccine and the timing of the rollout as well as how much
additional stimulus would be approved. The timing of the vaccine rollout and the approval of additional
stimulus will have the largest impact upon the recovery of the economy and will influence business
leaders' confidence about rehiring and investing in their businesses.

During the fourth quarter, we continue to see companies doing well and others struggling mightily. We've
seen improving new business, and our retention remains good. However, we continue to believe it will
be choppy -- a choppy recovery through at least the end of '21 and maybe into early '22. From a rate
standpoint, the fourth quarter was very similar to the third quarter. Most standard rates were up 3% to
7% with E&S rates up 10% to 25% as compared to the prior year. As we've talked about before, the main
driver of rate increases continues to be loss experience. Commercial auto rates remain up 10% or more
and workers' compensation rates are not declining as fast as they were in previous quarters, but they're
still negative. There has been a lot of talk over the past few quarters that workers' compensation rates are
turning positive. However, we're still not seeing this across the board yet.

From an E&S perspective, coastal property, both wind and quake, are up 15% to 25%. Professional
liability is generally up 10% to 25% depending on the coverage and the industry. We continue to see
outliers for these lines of coverage. Personal lines in California, Florida and the Gulf Coast states remain
under intense pressure as carriers are seeking to reduce their exposure due to fires, tropical activity
during 2020. We expect the reduction in personal lines capacity continue throughout '21.

Placing coverage for many lines, certain industries or customers with significant losses continues to be
challenging. This includes excess or umbrella coverage, where a carrier or carriers will seek a combination
of lower limit and higher premium rates. We don't expect this trend to materially change in '21.

Now on Slide #6. Let's discuss the performance of our 4 segments. Our Retail segment's organic revenue
growth grew by 1.5% for the fourth quarter. As we mentioned in our third quarter earnings call, we had
about 100 basis points of timing items that benefited the growth in the third quarter and negatively
impacted the growth in the fourth quarter. Our fourth quarter performance was driven by new business,
better customer retention and premium rate increases, but was impacted by lower exposure units
resulting from the pandemic. We view the performance for the fourth quarter been good, considering we
delivered 7% organic growth in the fourth quarter of last year and taking into consideration the timing
headwinds mentioned earlier.

Organic revenue growth for the full year was 2.4%, which we consider a good performance in light of a
tough economic environment. Our National Programs segment grew 14.1% organically, delivering another
stellar quarter. Our growth was driven by strong new business, retention and rate increases, Some of
the top-performing programs were our lender place, commercial and residential earthquake, wind and
personal property, just to name a few.

For the full year, our National Programs segment grew organically an impressive 12.3%, a huge thanks
to Chris Walker and all of the team in National Programs for delivering a great quarter and a great year.
Our Wholesale Brokerage segment grew 5.8% organically for the quarter. We realized strong new business
and continued rate increases from most lines of coverage. Brokerage was the fastest-growing, again, this
quarter, while we continue to experience headwinds in our Binding Authority and personal line businesses
due to the economy and carrier appetite we mentioned previously.

For the full year, our Wholesale Brokerage segment grew 5.5% organically, delivering another good
year. The organic revenue for our Services segment decreased 50 basis points for the fourth quarter,
representing good improvement from the last few quarters. The main drivers depressing growth continue
to be lower claims volume for our social security and Medicare Set Aside advocacy businesses. The decline
was substantially offset by revenue generated by processing claims for weather-related events that
occurred in the third and fourth quarters.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

BROWN & BROWN, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

For the full year, organic revenue decreased by 10.9%, driven by lower claims for our social security
advocacy business, certain terminated customer contracts and the impact of the pandemic. While not back
in positive territory, we believe the fourth quarter was a turning point, and we anticipate delivering modest
organic growth for 2021.

Now let me turn it over to Andy to discuss our financial performance in more detail.

R. Andrew Watts
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Great. Thank you, Powell. Good morning, everyone. Move on to Slide #7. Like previous quarters, we're
going to discuss our GAAP results, certain non-GAAP financial highlights as well as our adjusted results,
excluding the impact of the change in acquisition earn-out payables.

For the fourth quarter, we delivered total revenue growth of 61 -- $63.1 million or 10.9%, and organic
revenue growth of 4.7%. Our EBITDAC increased by 11.3%, growing slightly faster than revenues as
we were able to leverage our expense base and further manage our expenses in response to COVID-19.
These both offset the headwinds associated with the gain on disposal recorded in the fourth quarter of
2019 and increased noncash stock-based compensation.

Our income before income taxes increased by 28.3%, outpacing EBITDAC growth. This was primarily
driven by the $15 million year-over-year decrease in the change in estimated acquisition earn-out
payables.

On the next slide, we'll discuss our results excluding this adjustment. Our net income increased by $20.8
million or 27.2%, and our diluted net income per share increased by 25.9% to $0.34. Our effective tax
rate for the fourth quarter was 25.7%, substantially in line with the 25% we realized in the fourth quarter
of 2019. Our weighted average number of shares increased slightly compared to the prior year, and our
dividends per share increased to $0.093 or 9.4% compared to the fourth quarter 2019.

Over on Slide #8. This slide presents our results after removing the change in estimated acquisition earn-
out payables for both years. We believe this presentation provides a more comparable year-on-year basis.
During the fourth quarter of 2020, the changing estimated acquisition earn-out payables was a credit of
$9.5 million as compared to a $5.5 million charge in the fourth quarter of 2019. The credit was primarily
driven by the reduction in estimated earn-out payables for an acquisition within the National Programs
segment. Excluding the change in acquisition earn-outs in the fourth quarter of both years, our income
before income tax grew $13.9 million or 12.9%. Our net income on an adjusted basis increased by $9.7
million or 12%, and our adjusted diluted net income per share was $0.32, an increase of 14.3%. Overall,
it was a great quarter.

We move over to Slide #9. This slide presents the key components of our revenue performance. For the
quarter, our total commissions and fees increased by 10.9%, and our contingent commissions and GSCs
were slightly down for the quarter. Our organic revenues, which excludes the net impact of M&A activity,
increased by 4.7% for the fourth quarter.

Over to Slide #10. Our Retail segment delivered total revenue growth of 7.2% driven by acquisition
activity and organic revenue growth of 1.5%. The timing discussed above negatively impacted our organic
revenue by 100 basis points for the quarter. EBITDAC grew 5.3% due to leveraging organic revenue
and cost savings achieved in response to the pandemic. This growth was slower than the growth in total
revenues, primarily due to a prior year gain on disposal that represented a negative year-over-year impact
of approximately 150 basis points. Our income for income tax margin increased 130 basis points and grew
faster than EBITDAC, due primarily to the change in estimated acquisition earn-outs.

We move on to Slide #11. Our National Programs segment increased total revenues by $25.3 million or
18.9%, and organic revenue by 14.1%. The increase in total revenue was driven by recent acquisitions
and strong organic growth across many programs. EBITDAC growth of 19% was in line with total revenue
growth. The leveraging of strong organic revenue and the management of variable cost was offset by
higher intercompany IT charges and lower contingent commissions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

BROWN & BROWN, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Income before income taxes increased by $20.3 million or 54%, growing faster than EBITDAC due to
decreased acquisition earn-out payables that was partially offset by higher intercompany interest expense.

Over to Slide #12. Our Wholesale Brokerage segment delivered total revenue growth of 19.2% and
organic revenue growth of 5.8%. Total revenue grew faster than organic revenue due to recent
acquisitions with contingent commissions substantially flat year-over-year. EBITDAC grew by 17.1% with
a margin decline of 40 basis points as compared to the prior year. While we delivered good organic growth
and reduced variable expenses in response to COVID-19, these were more than offset due to changes in
foreign exchange rates, and to a lesser extent, higher intercompany IT charges. Our income before income
taxes grew by 6.2%, which was lower than total revenue growth, primarily due to higher intercompany
interest expense.

Over to Slide #13. Total revenues and organic revenues for the Services segment, both declined by about
50 basis points, driven by the items Powell mentioned earlier. For the quarter, EBITDAC increased by 9.7%
due to increased weather-related claims and was partially offset by higher intercompany IT expenses.

Income before income taxes decreased 23.6% due to a credit of $2.5 million recorded in the fourth
quarter of 2019 for the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables that did not reoccur -- or occur
in 2020.

Over to Slide #14. This slide presents our GAAP results for the full year of 2020 and 2019. For 2020, we
delivered revenues of $2.6 billion, growing 9.2%; and earnings per share of $1.69, growing 20.7%. Our
EBITDAC increased by 13.5%, and our EBITDAC margin grew by 110 basis points. For the year, our share
count increased slightly as compared to the prior year, and our dividends paid during 2020 as compared to
2019 increased by 7.1%.

Over to Slide #15. This slide presents our results excluding the change in estimated acquisition and earn-
out payables for both years. For the full year of 2020, on an adjusted basis, our income before income
taxes grew 18.1%, which outpaced EBITDAC growth due to lower interest expense, and our adjusted net
income per share grew by 19.3%.

In addition to strong income performance metrics, we also had another strong year for cash conversion
due to the strength of our operating model and diversity of our businesses. We delivered $721.6 million
of cash flow from operations, representing a continued strong conversion rate of 27.6% as a percentage
of revenue. We also finished the year in a strong liquidity position, with $817 million of cash and cash
equivalents as well as $800 million of accessible capital on our revolver. With this capital and the cash we
will generate in 2021, we are in a good position to fund continued investments in our company.

We've got a few other comments regarding outlook for 2021. During the third quarter, we were asked the
question about our potential margins for 2021 in relation to the COVID-19 savings we had in 2020. And
now with the year completed and a bit more visibility in 2021, we expect EBITDAC margins could be flat
to up slightly considering our variable cost will more than likely increase as we're able to travel and see
customers face-to-face. As we've done in the past, our leaders will be focused on growing profitable.

Regarding contingents, we are anticipating them to be relatively flat or maybe down slightly in 2021. As it
pertains to taxes, we expect our effective tax rate for 2021 to be in the range of 23% to 24%. This does
not take into consideration any potential changes in the federal tax rates that are being discussed by the
new administration.

For interest expense, we're anticipating a $7 million and $9 million increase as compared to 2020, driven
by the new bonds we issued in September of 2020.

From a capital perspective, we are expecting our CapEx to decrease in 2021 to approximately $40 million
to $45 million as we have substantially completed the development of our new Daytona Beach campus.

With that, let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments.

J. Powell Brown
CEO, President & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

BROWN & BROWN, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Thanks, Andy, for a good report. In my opening comments, I mentioned there are still a few items that
need to be resolved over the coming quarters. We will watch closely the successful rollout of the vaccine
and additional stimulus to help those in need. Both of these items will influence the pace of economic
recovery over the coming quarters. From a rate perspective, we expect increases for the first 6 months of
'21 to be similar to those seen in '20. Ultimately, the rate of increases will be driven by losses sustained in
2020 from the record-setting number of tropical storms and the millions of acres that were burned. The
question remains for how much longer and at what pace do rates need to achieve their targeted returns?
We think the market is getting near an inflection point over the coming year for certain lines that will drive
some rate moderation.

The acquisition pace seems to be as active as ever and competition between private equity and long-term
strategics remains. We continue to believe the aggressive pricing for deals like PE will not abate anytime
soon. However, we're well positioned with our low leverage and the capital on our balance sheet as well as
access to additional capital to fund our M&A activity.

Our pipeline remains good, and we will keep our disciplined approach to M&A as it's proven to be very
successful. But as you know, we don't count anything until it's closed.

Finally, technology and innovation continue to be at the forefront regarding creation of new products and
enhancing the experience of our customers. We will continue to digitize our data, automate and prioritize
technology investments around the following: optimizing and enhancing our data and analytics program,
expanding our digital delivery capabilities around products and services, and engaging in initiatives
designed to drive greater efficiency and velocity through our underlying processes.

As we deliver on these goals, we will see new opportunities for growth that will serve our customers even
better. We had a great 2020 on many fronts and have good momentum heading into '21. I am extremely
proud of how our team has served our customers through extremely challenging times. We have a great
team and a highly diversified business. And both have performed very well in the past, and we expect they
will in the future. Ultimately, our financial performance is only possible through the combined efforts of our
nearly 11,000 teammates and our commitment to serve our customers.
With that, let me turn it back over to Holly for the Q&A session.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

BROWN & BROWN, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We will now take our first question from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo.

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

First, I wanted to just start on some of the comments you gave on your margins, right? So you said, just
kind of where you see the market today. It sounds like flat to maybe slight -- some slight improvement
in margins. Could you just -- is there a way to give us a sense on what kind of range do you assume for
organic as we think about whether margins might be flat or improve or like the variables, I guess, that will
determine the level of potential margin improvement you see in 2021?

J. Powell Brown
CEO, President & Director

Thank you for your question. I know that you've heard us say before that we don't give growth guidance.
As we know that we've said, we think our business is a low to mid single-digit -- organic growth business
in a steady state economy. But we wanted to clarify that because there's a lot of talk out there around
variable expenses, and how you capture or don't capture or whatever. And we -- the -- I think the
results this year are a testament to how our system works, which is, at every office, the leader that runs
those offices, she or he is responsible for that P&L. And by doing so, they control expenses that were
controllable or variable at the office level. And then as those individuals group are able to go back and
travel or serve our customers in a different capacity, we will incur those expenses again. And so it's not
as though we're going to be able to give you, meaning you, Elyse, or any other analyst, a specific number
because that's not the way it works. It works at the very local office level, and we didn't have any extra
stuff that we were paying before we sell on. So I'm sorry, I can't answer your first question because we
don't give specifics on organic growth guidance, but I just wanted to give you that kind of feedback on the
variable cost.

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. Maybe I'll ask it a little bit of a different way. Like if we look at retail rates, you guys
saw 1.5% organic in the fourth quarter, right? So that was 1 point of timing, which you guys have told us,
right, it's still 1.5% organic. And if we adjust for the gain on sale, right, there was -- I think you said like
90 basis points of margin improvement in that segment in the quarter. So what kind of that -- was there
something run off in the segment? I mean maybe it comes back to some of this variable comp as we just
think about retail and potential economic bounce back and what that means to that segment's margin was
other than just thinking through perhaps lower travel, was there anything else that might have been one-
off in that segment in the quarter?

R. Andrew Watts
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Elyse, it's Andy. Just for clarity, is your question, your -- are you asking you expect for it to be higher or
it's higher than you anticipated?

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Well, I'm just trying to get a sense as we think about forward, was there anything kind of one-off within
those numbers in the quarter other than just perhaps the continuation of just lower travel-related costs?

R. Andrew Watts
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

BROWN & BROWN, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Sure. yes. No, no material one-off items other than the pieces that we had called out inside of there. So
I think primarily around the variable cost and then the gain year-over-year. So we'll continue to manage
those as we go into 2021 just as we did during 2020. And we're always focused, as an organization, as
how do we grow our top line and grow the bottom line profitably and balance that. And so we did really
well during 2020, and we have confidence that all of our leaders will be able to do that in 2021.

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. Great. And then, Powell, you started off your prepared remarks by talking about some of your
recent transactions, O’Leary, right? Which you described just closed this month. And I believe you pointed
to developing your international presence in the years ahead. Your presence obviously has more been
specific, right, like the U.K. area. But can you give us a sense of what does that mean? And I guess, M&A
and size? And how do you think about potential international expansion?

J. Powell Brown
CEO, President & Director

Sure. So we're very pleased that the team in Ireland has joined, and I would tell you that O’Leary
Insurances is very similar to our organization maybe 20 years ago. It reminds me greatly of us, and how
they are involved in their communities and they serve their customers and their relationships with their
carriers. So as a general statement, and this is a very general statement, we, #1, obviously, like the Irish
marketplace; two, we like the fact that some places like Ireland or England or Canada has a rule of law.
And so you think about that and we think about places where people have built and grow good businesses
and we will continue to look in those areas.

Now please don't take that comment out of context, Elyse, that says we're now on international spending
binge. That is not the case. We evaluate every transaction in a very similar way, and it starts with a
cultural fit and does it make sense financially? And if those 2 things, if there's a cultural fit, we usually
think there's a way to make something work. And so vetting those and getting the right ones and doing
all that, it's just like doing it here in the United States, it's just 7,000 miles away or further. And so we will
continue to look at businesses in areas like that. We have looked over the years. And for whatever reason,
we haven't -- we bought the business at the beginning of the year in Vancouver, Canada. We've looked at
businesses in Canada before. And for whatever reason, it just didn't work in the past, and they were good
firms, it just didn't work out. And so I think that it's another opportunity for us, but I do not want anybody
on this call to think that this is some new flavor of the month or something. It's absolutely not that. And
we will continue to look for firms that fit our criteria and continue to tell the Brown & Brown story because
we're a forever company, and that's appealing to some people. And so we're really excited about it.

Operator

We will now move to our next question from Phil Stefano from Deutsche Bank.

Philip Michael Stefano
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Yes. Maybe just a follow-up to the International brokerage acquisition market. I know that it's a small
part of this story. It feels like at this point. But just given that was Elyse's last question. Powell, is there
anything that changed? And so it's 2 acquisitions were not to make a big deal of it. But you said that
you looked at this in the past and for whatever reason they didn't come through. Is there anything that
changed that kind of -- it feels like you've been able to click off a couple of wins here. Is the competition in
the U.S. higher and it allows you to maybe look more seriously at the international? Or anything from that
perspective?

J. Powell Brown
CEO, President & Director

No, there's nothing that's changed. The competitive landscape is equally as competitive overseas as it is
in the United States, be it in North America or in the British Isles, #1. #2, I think that there were lots of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

BROWN & BROWN, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

people, Phil, that we talked to over the years that are not ready to do something when we start to get to
know them, which, we believe, is a great time to get to know them because they get to know us and we
get to know them. And then over the years, they see how we act as a company, and we see how they act
as a company, and then there might be a fit down the road. So I would tell you, we always think that good
people attract other good people. People don't work for companies, they work with and for people. And so
having said that, that is absolutely the case in those 2 acquisitions. And we will continue to look in areas
that present exciting growth opportunities and expanding our capabilities and there's all kinds of things
that come out of it to the positive. And so -- but there's nothing that, like just all a sudden said, we're
going to pay more or we're going to accept this or -- nothing has changed in that regard.

Philip Michael Stefano
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. Perfect. And then I think, Powell, in the initial remarks, you had talked about expecting a choppy
recovery through 2021, maybe into 2022. When we think about new business has improved from third
quarter to fourth quarter, is the trend line for that choppiness continued improvement? Or is there
choppiness just around a flattish trend line in how we think about new business momentums?

J. Powell Brown
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I think it's choppy, like up and down and up and down. Here's the thing that, Phil, you can't fully put
your finger on. And so there are businesses that have -- as an example, they have furloughed people. But
by furloughing people, they're still on their employee benefit plan as an example. And now, let's say, that
company has brought back half of the people that were furloughed, but they terminated the other half. All
of a sudden, you actually have a reduction in exposure units in that example. And so it is not as though
we have clear line of sight on what every customer is going to do in that regard.

So remember, I think of new business as new, new business, a new customer to us and a new line, a new
-- just a new customer to us is new business. But you can have an existing customer where you write the
P&C and then pick up the benefits, or write the benefits then pick up the P&C. And I don't consider that a
new customer, it's a new line. But I think the important thing is, remember, we have always talked about
our business is a reflection of the middle and upper middle market economy. And so if you think about all
the customers that we touch and have the good fortune to work with and earn their business every day,
some of those customers are looking at their business differently today than they have in the past. That
could be positive or negative. They could be adding 15 people or they could be releasing 50. So the reason
we say the choppy part is, there's all kinds of variables outstanding, First question, are people going to
mandate that their employees get vaccines and come back to work? Well, based on I think the studies that
I've seen so far, about 75% of the companies out there that I'm aware of have said no to that, okay?

So how does that impact work going forward? What about people that have been hanging on by their
fingernails, and then, all of a sudden, they say, we're just going to be done, we're going to hang it up.
And I don't -- we don't see something, Phil, that indicates that. But I can tell you, we are paid to think in
advance around the corner, and we're trying to anticipate what could happen in the next 3 or 4 quarters.

R. Andrew Watts
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

And then, Phil, there is -- you also realistically probably see choppiness in the businesses. Think about
through the lens of a business owner and their level of confidence knowing what could happen over the
next quarter or 4 quarters and then how they invest in their business. And that could be anything from
kicking off a new capital project for a building, acquiring another organization, making some sort of an
expansion whatever the case maybe. Well, depending upon that level of confidence, they may decide
just to delay that by 90 days. And that's just not uncommon, and we saw some of that. From the second
quarter into the third quarter and the fourth quarter, where things just move around back and forth. And
that's really why we say it won't surprise us if there's choppiness because we just don't think that there is
a consistent level of confidence yet in the marketplace. And we just think that's going to take some time
to work out during '21.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

BROWN & BROWN, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Operator

We will now move to our next question from Mike Zaremski from Crédit Suisse.

Michael David Zaremski
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

A follow-up to the last question from Phil. And I appreciate the -- probably you explained kind of the
dynamics around some of the potential organic growth uncertainty and choppiness. The National Programs
segment has been strong for a while now. The dynamics you explained, does that pertain to National
Programs as well? Or should we be thinking there's some more kind of tailwinds that remain strong in that
specific segment?

J. Powell Brown
CEO, President & Director

I think National Programs is a little different than Retail in regards to they may have a limitation or run
into a limitation based on their ability to provide capacity if they -- because the demand outstrips the
supply. That is not the case today, but I'm saying that could be a -- that would be a different kind of,
my term, governor for organic growth for them going forward in a wind program or a quake program or
a something type of program. And so I'd say that because remember, we're underwriting on behalf of
the carrier. We've been delegated the underwriting authority. But there's 1 carrier or, in some instances,
multiple carriers. But in the case of Retail, you have -- we have access to the entire marketplace. So
virtually every carrier we have access to, so if 1 carrier, carrier A, doesn't want to do it, carrier B and C
still may consider it.

So we are very pleased with the growth of National Programs. We do think that there were and continue
to be some interesting dynamics in terms of significant rate increases on CAT-exposed business that would
drive some of that growth. And one of the things that we've said, Mike, is -- and we haven't seen it yet,
but we've talked to these people and some of these people that there are other providers of capital that
are either coming into the marketplace or are in the marketplace that, if, in fact, everything else stayed
constant, which probably won't be the case, but if they did in their new capacity, that's either going to
moderate the rate increases, or in some instances, it might even reduce the rates just slightly.

So I'm just thinking about, if you have a condo in Miami and the thing's gone up 15%, let's just make this
up, or more for the last 3 years. And then all of a sudden, somebody comes in and they give a flat renewal
to get it or even slightly down, maybe, you could see that. So you have this very unique time. We think
it's -- obviously, it presents a lot of opportunities and challenges all wrap up into one. But I would just tell
you that the growth that National Programs has enjoyed and delivered, in our opinion, is #1, spectacular;
but two, we don't give growth guidance, as you know, but I would say that the performance was even
higher than we anticipated for 2020. So I say that just to kind of give you a sense of it because it's a great
business and the market will turn 1 day and that growth rate will slow down some and things like that. But
yes.

R. Andrew Watts
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Mike, we talked about -- yes, mike, we talked about this on the third quarter earnings call. It is, one,
we're extremely, extremely pleased with organic in the fourth quarter. Definitely, overall, our expectations.
We would love to see National Programs post another 12%, 14%, 15% every quarter in 2021. And we
don't know if that is realistic. So we wouldn't want you to set your expectation in the double digits. That'd
be great if it happens, but there's a lot of different dynamics in the marketplace. So just want to make
sure you kind of moderate that as how you think about the growth, and we're very, very excited about our
capabilities in that space and how we can deliver.

Michael David Zaremski
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

BROWN & BROWN, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

That's helpful. Moving to the -- in the past, your 2 strategic deals recently, CoverHound and O’Leary, I'm
assuming there's not a major margin impact given, in the past, it's been very helpful that you've broken it
out in the deck or supplement?

R. Andrew Watts
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Yes. We -- Mike, we normally break out larger acquisitions we move fall into that category. Both of we do
have margins below the average for the organization, but we've taken that into consideration when we
gave the guidance of flat to up slightly for 2021.

Michael David Zaremski
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. Okay. Got it. I guess, lastly, you've done a good job in kind of talking and investing in technology
and innovation, digitization. Recently, you're still talking about it. Is that -- I guess -- you talked about
CapEx decreasing, but CapEx seems kind of like a old school world. But should we be thinking about kind
of the technology digitization investments being a more material percentage of of expenses, and that's
kind of one of the levers we should be kind of thinking about, which, if you do decide to invest more in the
coming years, that can kind of be somewhat of a governor on margins given how the market for -- given
organic growth is very healthy and maybe you take some of that healthy organic growth and invest a little
bit more in digitization efforts?

J. Powell Brown
CEO, President & Director

So, Mike, I'd like to address that. And what I would say is this. We are going to make the right
investments in the business, and you raised the issue of technology. So we're going to use that specifically
as we see fit going forward now and in the future. I don't want to give you the impression that, Okay, if
we're growing more, then we're going to invest more, or if we're growing less, we're going to invest less.
That isn't really the way we think about it. The way we think about it is, where do we want to go? How do
we want to get there? And then what do we need to do, buy, build, partner to get there? And then along
the journey, we're going to reassess and say, was our original hypothesis correct, is it validated, or are --
do we need to course correct midstream? And so, once again, I would tell you this. I think that -- and this
is a hard one because I know what you, as an analyst, are trying to do in terms of margin movement and
things like this. And we've been very consistent in saying where we thought the margin would be, where
the organic growth would be in steady state economies and even in kind of variable economies, which is
what we're in today. But again, and I said this, and I think it's important for everybody just to pause and
think about it. If you had asked Andy and myself in April, if we would have delivered 3.8% organic growth
and 110 basis points of improved margin, Andy and I, if we could have said it publicly, we would have
said, it's possible, but the probability is very small based on what we were seeing then. So I would take
you back to how you thought in April. And so it's not about just how we thought, it's how you thought.

And some people thought the world was coming to an end. And so what I would tell you is, we are --
couldn't be more proud of the way our team responded because it isn't easy, as you know. And so the
thing that this -- all this doesn't reflect is the numbers are a result of almost 11,000 teammates busting
their butts for their customers every day, and I know you know that, but I will tell you, there's a lot that
goes into it to deliver these numbers. And so I couldn't be happier under the circumstances. And we're
going to continue to invest in technology. And I think there are lots of opportunities in some of the things
that we're doing already, and there will be some that we haven't yet invested in. Andy?

R. Andrew Watts
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Yes. Mike, let me just see if we can just hit this head on. So there's no misconception out there. So if
there's a concern that with us talking about innovation and technology that we're going to make the big
investment to take the margins backwards, you can go ahead and leave that concern. In 2016, in the first
quarter, we talked about our investment program when we laid out a very clear path as to what we're
going to do with our margins on the way down and on the way up. And I think, hopefully, we've been
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

BROWN & BROWN, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

really, really clear on that. It's also in our investor deck. If we have a situation like that in the future,
we will talk to all of our investors and all of our analysts. What we're really saying is we think when
you've got appropriate spending side of the business, we will balance between, we'll call it, the BAU stuff
and innovation through the organization, but we do believe that innovation is very important in how we
can serve and engage with our customers and our carrier partners. We will continue to do that as an
organization. Not all of it will be CapEx, not all of it's going to be OpEx, right? There's going to be balances
back and forth because sometimes as part of that leasing or partnering that Powell talked about, that's
going to flow through OpEx. Some things will build ourselves. We can work through all those. And again,
we've incorporated that into all the guidance, at least, that we've given for 2021. If other opportunities
pop up during '21 that we need to change our view because we think it's something really good for our
business long term and delivers appropriate shareholder values, then we will absolutely talk to everybody
about it. But there's no looming big investment out there. So we just want to hit that one head on.

Michael David Zaremski
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. Yes. And I wasn't asking just acquiring the context of conservatives. Some companies have talked
about and probably COVID opening your eyes to being able to do business slightly differently using more
digitization. So very helpful response.

R. Andrew Watts
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Okay.

Operator

We will now move to our next question from Yaron Kinar from Goldman Sachs.

Yaron Joseph Kinar
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I guess my first question probably is a follow-on to Mike's last question. If I look at CoverHound, I think
one of the strategic rationales there, the bit you cited was that it does give you another leg up on the
technology and innovation side. So with that in mind, should we also expect to see the independent
organic IT spend that we kind of saw throughout 2020 continue in '21? Or do we -- should we see that
maybe slow down a bit because they're getting more of that through this acquisition?

J. Powell Brown
CEO, President & Director

Yaron, first of all, and this would be a comment for everybody. If you could either make sure you put the
microphone closer to your -- now for the speaker, and we're getting kind of a muffled kind of thing coming
through. So if I can just ask you to repeat, like the last 3 sentences there, which was, I heard about the
CoverHound and the investment, but I couldn't get the very end of that, which was really the crust of your
question, if you could repeat that, please?

Yaron Joseph Kinar
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Sure. Hopefully, this is better?

J. Powell Brown
CEO, President & Director

A little bit better. Yes, go ahead.

Yaron Joseph Kinar
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

BROWN & BROWN, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Okay. So my question was, was the CoverHound acquisition and the strategic value of it, one of the
strategic values being the technology angle and the innovation angle. Should we still expect to see the
organic IT spend that we saw in 2020 continue into '21? Or does that lever maybe get dialed back a bit
because you now have the inorganic digitalization and data technology coming in through the acquisition?

J. Powell Brown
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Thank you very much for the clarification, Yaron. I think that you have to expect the spend to be
similar going forward because we are very pleased with the CoverHound acquisition and the team and the
technology that comes with that acquisition. And we believe that there are multiple places that we will
be able to use that in our different divisions. However, we have contemplated that the tech spend across
the other platforms will continue, as stated, until and at which time, or I should say, if we determine that
the technology in CoverHound is transferable or expandable, maybe it better, into a capacity in one of the
divisions that we're not aware of just yet. That's how we'd answer that.

Yaron Joseph Kinar
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Okay. And does CoverHound gives you an ability to access markets that were not available to you in the
past? Or is it just a matter of accessing the markets that you've already played in, but in a more efficient
way?

J. Powell Brown
CEO, President & Director

Yes. The markets that they do business with are markets we already do business with, Yaron. But it is in --
conceivably in some areas where we may not have worked with them before.

Yaron Joseph Kinar
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Okay. Understood. And then final quick one. Free cash flow, I think, grew mid-single digits this year, where
EPS and earnings growth was well in the double digits. So I was just curious if you could talk about what
maybe some of the headwinds were this year specifically?

R. Andrew Watts
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

One of the things to keep in mind on the cash flows, we do get movements up and down based upon what
happens with the fiduciary assets. And so as those kind of -- as our fiduciary assets -- again, keep in mind
on those that the premium that flows through the organization for all of the billing. So that can move up
and down. If you look at last year, we grew free cash flow significantly faster than EBITDAC as well as the
earnings per share. So I think last year, we were at, on a free cash flow, close to about 15%. I think this
year, we're about at 7%, 6%. So you will see some movement up and down inside of there. It's the reason
why we focus a lot on the cash flow from operations on the conversion ratio. We were just shy of 28% this
year. We were just a little over 28% last year. So it's going to kind of hover in that range. But we're really,
really pleased with the cash and the way that we were able to convert our revenues, again, in 2020.

Operator

We will now move to our next question from Greg Peters from Raymond James.

Charles Gregory Peters
CIMB Research

Can you guys hear me okay?

J. Powell Brown
CEO, President & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

BROWN & BROWN, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Yes.

R. Andrew Watts
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Yes.

Charles Gregory Peters
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Excellent. Throughout your prepared comments, you talked about changes in earn-out payables. It hit 3 of
the 4 segments and called out I think a chunk in the National Programs, but it seemed to really affect your
reported results in all 3 segments and for -- on a consolidated basis in a way that maybe hasn't happened
before.

So can you give us some color what's going on there? And maybe, segment by segment, is there
something that you're missing on these payouts that we need to think about going forward?

R. Andrew Watts
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

So just to go back, we had quite a few movements this year, both up and down. If you remember back,
at the end of the first quarter, we had taken down a number of the earn-outs because when we were
looking at the potential projections based upon what we were all staring down at the end of March on the
economy, we said, well, we're clearly not going to make those numbers, and so we reduce those. Then
we get to the end of the second quarter, and the outlook looks completely different. And then by the third
quarter, it looks different, again. We took them all back up. And so you are going to see unusual swings
on a full year. Actually, we didn't really have a lot of movement. You can see around. And that's part of
this, the unknown about this economy because what we have to be able to do is incorporate the best
information that we have at the time of doing the calculations as to what we think is going to occur over
the remaining earn-out period. And that's what we tried to do this year. I would say, if you go back and
look over time, our actual adjustments on a full year basis are actually pretty normal considering the size
of the earn-outs that we have as well as the purchase price. So we think, overall, we do a pretty good job.
This year is probably a little bit of a different one just because of the economy that we're in right now.

Charles Gregory Peters
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Yes. Can you just -- on -- as a follow-up to the earn-out, can you give us some update perspective about
how the earn-outs are performing with some of your other larger deals that you've closed in recent years,
like the Hays acquisition, for example?

R. Andrew Watts
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

We would say they're -- they've all performed pretty well, Greg. And I guess maybe a way to look through
that is what has been the net charge or credit back into the P&L? And to our earlier comment, it's really
not been material over the years as a percentage of the overall. And so what we try to do is establish
that initial earn-out to a level that, we believe, is reasonable, again, for everything that we know at the
time of doing the transactions. Ultimately, we would love to see all of our sellers and our new teammates
completely max out their earn-outs. We would love to see that.

And the reason why is because that means that the business is performing well. Many of them do, some
of them don't get all the way there, but we're very, very pleased with our success rate on our acquisitions,
how well they perform versus original expectations and, ultimately, over the years after they've become
part of the team.

Charles Gregory Peters
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

BROWN & BROWN, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Great. Got it. In the comments on the wholesale, you called out the personal lines business having
headwinds. Trying to understand exactly what were the headwinds in the personal lines business?
Considering that it seems like many of the personal lines companies have done, at least on the auto side,
have done pretty well.

J. Powell Brown
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Yes. So some of them have done well in certain areas and a lot of them are taking gas. And what I
mean by that is, if you write business in California, they've been burning for the last 3 years, as you know.
And if you are in some of the coastal areas, there are some losses that occurred, Greg, as you know, here
in our fine state, 1 and 2 and 3 years ago that are developing, further developing with the involvement
of public adjusters and things like that. So I would tell you to that, particularly in certain segments of the
personal lines market, there -- it's been tough. And so that's the area that typically would come to the
E&S market and then the E&S carriers experience -- it could be in our book or it could be in the overall
experience, leads them to potentially pull back in certain areas or the reinsurance costs have gone up or
both. So this is not something that is unique to Brown & Brown or Brown & Brown Wholesale. It's kind of
unique in the industry across the board.

Charles Gregory Peters
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Got it. And then the final question or 2 questions around the balance sheet. If I look at the cash and cash
equivalents at year-end '20, a substantial increase compared to where you were at year-end 2019. And
that would clearly beg the question around capital allocation certainly seems to be more -- holding more
cash at this point than your need. So at this point in time, is this ASR share repurchase on the table? And
then embedded in the balance sheet, I did notice that there was a nice jump up in accounts payable. I
assume that flowed through and helped your cash flow. But maybe you can walk us what's going on with
those 2 items, and your view on capital management? That's my last question.

R. Andrew Watts
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Okay. Perfect. Let's tackle cash first. So, Greg, if we go back to our earlier comments, the $700 million
issuance over 10.5-year bonds in September, that was the -- that was the primary driver of the cash
drilling up. And as we talked about during the previous call, the reason why we access the market back
at that point is we thought it was a very, very opportune time to go get very low cost of capital as an
organization. And as you know well, when you need it expensive, when you don't, it generally isn't. And
we thought we were just in a great position as an organization. The markets were extremely, extremely
receptive for us to issue bonds at just a little over 2.5 -- 2.25%. So we're very, very pleased with that.
That doesn't mean that we issued that because we've got big pending acquisitions and so we're going to
do a big buyback as an organization, not at all.

It's there. We talked about the fact that with that capital, the access what we'll generate, we feel really
good about how we can invest in our business. So we may have equipped some negative carry on interest,
but we think that's definitely worth that potential slight negative carry to have the access to that capital
that's out there. So that's just a thought on that front. The other piece on the cash and cash equivalents
is just keep in mind that not all of that is Brown & Brown cash. So historically, it's generally been about
a 50-50 split between our money and the fiduciary funds rolling through. That is much more weighted
towards Brown & Brown at the end of the year.

Really, I want to ask about...

Charles Gregory Peters
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Andy, can you just -- I just want to -- I don't want -- I can't pivot you. Just -- I thought the money that
wasn't yours would showed up in the restricted cash and investment category, not in the cash and cash
equivalent category?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

BROWN & BROWN, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

R. Andrew Watts
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Yes. So it shows up in two places, Greg. In states or carriers that require that we need to put customer
funds in specific accounts, then that money sits inside of the restricted cash and investments. And those
states that do not require it or carriers that just sits within Brown & Brown cash and cash equivalents.

Charles Gregory Peters
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Okay. I Just have 1 follow-up. Is there a minimum sort of threshold when you think about cash and cash
equivalents that you want the company to have on an any given year basis?

R. Andrew Watts
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

So we don't have significant working capital requirements inside the organization, Greg. But we normally
think keeping a 100, couple of hundred million dollars of real Brown & Brown cash is sufficient for the
organization based upon how much we deliver on a quarterly basis. And if we're looking at cash flow
projections every month, every quarter for the business, we know what capital allocations that are
out there. So we can work our way through all those actually pretty easily. And then if we ever have a
situation where we need capital in the quarter, that's why we have a revolver. So that we can draw on that
in the past, and then we can pay it back down. But we're very, very in tune with our cash.

Charles Gregory Peters
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

And then the accounts payable questions.

R. Andrew Watts
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Yes, the accounts payable, if you look at that, that's the shift in -- from -- if you look down on our other
liabilities, you can see that, they actually went up. But one of the items we've been in is we've got some
earn-outs that are coming due in the next 12 months. That's what shaping into accounts payable.

Charles Gregory Peters
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Got it. All right. Sorry to make you for the answers.

R. Andrew Watts
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

It's not a source of working capital in the quarter.

Charles Gregory Peters
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Say it again, Andy?

R. Andrew Watts
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

It is not a source of working capital in your question, Greg. It was just a movement, which was otherwise.

Operator

We'll now take our last question from Mark Hughes from Truist.

Mark Douglas Hughes
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

BROWN & BROWN, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Just 1 quick one. Wondering, Powell, how much do you think the market may have changed permanently
in terms of the way insurance is sold? You think it will go back to the former method, the same spending
on P&E? Or is this going to be more durable? And if so, what impact on margin perhaps?

J. Powell Brown
CEO, President & Director

Right. And I think that's a really interesting question, and I think it will be dictated significantly by our
customers, which is we will see that and how that works in the future. Here's the way I describe it. If you
have a larger customer, as an example, and you typically had 3 people that went to see that customer.
And they go to see that customer twice a year, and then there's interaction throughout the year. The
scenario that I'd say is, due to 3 people go back in '21, or does 1 person go back and 2 or 3 or even 4
people join in via video conference so we leverage the collective capabilities of everybody. I tend to think
towards the latter instead of the former, but that's -- it's not my decision, it's, ultimately, the customer's
decision. That's #1. #2, I think that buying on the internet, so that's what I call it, where you see them
on the video screen and all that other stuff, that might work for like 1 year, but particularly in a rising rate
environment, customers need to see you, because people buy from people they like and they trust.

And at the end of the day, you don't get the full impact on a video screen, that's #2.

Now interestingly enough, that would lead me into the third point, which is more about acquisitions. And
so I want to make sure that everybody on the call knows that we meet with people to determine if their
culture and our cultures fit. So we're not buying businesses on the internet. That means we are not buying
businesses from people that we have never met except over a video conference. So I think all this video
conferencing stuff is great, but I'm tired of some of it because I think it's -- you miss so much. So having
said that, as it relates to the expenses, remember, I know what you're trying to do and some of the other
larger public brokers are talking about amounts that they're going to save and permanently save and
capture. I don't know what they were doing before, but we already know that we were efficient before. I
think that we're focused on how do we retain the business that we have and, quite honestly, write a bunch
of new business. So that may mean that we do some things a little differently in terms of solicitation or
prospecting or prequalifying using technology, which, in turn, makes us a little more efficient in closing.
It's yet to be determined, but I don't want to give you the impression that the margins are going to go
dramatically one way or the other because 1 of our customers only need to see 1 of us twice a year as
opposed to 3 of us. I think it's too early to tell. I would just say this, our teammates are anxious to be
able to go back and see their customers. They want to see them, and customers want to see us.

Do you have another question, Mark?

Mark Douglas Hughes
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

I don't. That's very helpful. Thank you. Appreciate it.

J. Powell Brown
CEO, President & Director

All right. Thank you all very much. Have a wonderful day, and we look forward to talking to you after the
first quarter. Goodbye.

R. Andrew Watts
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

BROWN & BROWN, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

