Caterpillar Inc. NYSE:CAT
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, January 29, 2021 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.49

2.12

42.28

1.69

5.46

6.56

20.15

7.65

11239.87

11235.00

(0.04 %)

11083.08

41748.56

41748.00

0.00

45849.43

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-27-2021 5:34 PM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

1.67

0.72

1.18

1.49

1.60

1.03

1.34

2.12

SURPRISE

(4.19 %)

43.06 %

13.56 %

42.28 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CATERPILLAR INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Jennifer K. Driscoll
Director of Investor Relations

ANALYSTS

Ann P. Duignan
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Jamie Lyn Cook
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Mircea Dobre
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Nicole Sheree DeBlase
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Noah Duke Kaye
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Robert Cameron Wertheimer
Melius Research LLC

Ross Paul Gilardi
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Stephen Edward Volkmann
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Timothy W. Thein
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Q4 2020 Caterpillar Earnings
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.
[Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Jennifer Driscoll. Thank you. Please
go ahead.

Jennifer K. Driscoll
Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, Jason. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Caterpillar's Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings
Call. Joining me this morning are Jim Umpleby, Chairman of the Board and CEO; Andrew Bonfield, Chief
Financial Officer; Kyle Epley, Vice President of the Global Finance Services Division; and Rob Rengel,
Senior IR Manager.

During our call, we'll be discussing the earnings news release that we issued earlier this morning. Our
slides from today, the news release and a video recap are all in the Investors section of caterpillar.com
under Events & Presentations.

The forward-looking statements we make today are subject to risks and uncertainties. We'll also make
assumptions that could cause our actual results to be different than the information we're sharing with
you on this call. Please refer to our recent SEC filings and the forward-looking statements reminder in the
news release for details on factors that individually or in aggregate could cause our actual results to vary
materially from our forecast. Caterpillar has a copyright of this call, and we prohibit use of any portion of it
without a prior written approval.

Today, we're reporting profit per share of $1.42 for the quarter and $5.46 for the year. We're showing
adjusted profit per share in addition to our U.S. GAAP results. Our adjusted profit per share of $2.12 for
the fourth quarter excluded remeasurement losses of $0.63 per share resulting from the settlement of
pension and other postretirement obligations. It also excluded restructuring expenses of $0.07 per share,
which Andrew will discuss.

For the full year, adjusted profit per share of $6.56 excluded $0.55 per share resulting from the
settlements of pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and $0.55 per share in restructuring
expenses.

We provide a GAAP reconciliation in the appendix to this morning's news release. You can also find
information on dealer inventory, backlog, services revenues and full year 2020 numbers in our slides.

Now with that, let's flip to Slide 3 and turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Jim Umpleby. Jim?

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Jennifer, and thanks, everyone, for joining the call. I'd like to start by thanking our global team
for their resilience and performance during 2020, a year of unprecedented challenges.

The Caterpillar team continued to provide the essential products and services that enabled our customers
to support society during the pandemic. In this difficult environment, we leveraged our strong safety
culture and had the best year on record for employee safety. Our employees' generous contributions
and volunteerism are also notable. We had a record level of support for worldwide relief efforts in 2020
through the Caterpillar Foundation.

Before turning over the call to Andrew for a detailed review of our results, I plan to briefly cover the
following topics this morning. I'll share my perspectives on Cat's fourth quarter results. I'll then provide

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

comments on our performance for the full year, followed by some high-level thoughts about 2021. I'll close
by highlighting several ways we're advancing our strategy.

Starting on Slide 4, I'll recap fourth quarter results versus 1 year ago. Sales and revenues of $11.2 billion
decreased 15%, about as we expected. Lower sales volume drove the decline reflecting lower end-user
demand and reductions in dealer inventory. Dealers decreased their inventories by $1.1 billion in the
fourth quarter of 2020, roughly $400 million more than we expected. For the full year, dealers reduced
their inventories by $2.9 billion. This positions us well to produce closer to demand in 2021, which was our
goal when we introduced our enhanced S&OP process.

Fourth quarter sales to users declined by 10% versus the previous year. Sales to users for both
construction and mining equipment were better than we expected. While fourth quarter 2020 operating
margins declined year-on-year, they improved by 230 basis points versus the third quarter. At 12.3%, they
were better than we expected, reflecting better operational performance. Restructuring expense was lower
than we expected as was the effective tax rate. Profit per share in the fourth quarter was $1.42. Adjusted
profit per share was $2.12.

Regarding our full year results on Slide 5, we said at the start of the pandemic, it would be challenging to
achieve the operating margin target we communicated during our 2019 Investor Day due to the impact of
COVID-19 on our operations and supply chain, as well as our intent to continue investing in new products
and services to drive long-term profitable growth. So we're pleased that our final operating margin for
2020 was within our targeted range. We finished 2020 with sales and revenues of $41.7 billion and an
adjusted operating profit margin of 11.8%.

Our ME&T free cash flow for the full year was $3.1 billion. While we did not achieve our target for ME&T
free cash flow of $4 billion to $8 billion, our free cash flow performance improved as the year progressed.
Our decision to hold higher Caterpillar inventory to mitigate potential supply chain disruptions and to
position ourselves for changes in market demand also impacted our free cash flow generation in 2020,
as Andrew will discuss shortly. We remain focused on returning substantially all ME&T free cash to
shareholders through the cycles, and we returned $3.4 billion or 110% of our free cash flow through
dividends and share repurchases in 2020.

Turning to Slide 6. I'll provide some comments on our end markets. Market conditions remain fluid due
to the pandemic. However, I'll provide some thoughts based on what we see today. In Construction
Industries, we see construction in North America benefiting from increased residential demand. We expect
a strong selling season in China, including demand for our new GX excavator line.

We expect continued recovery in the rest of Asia Pacific. The current shutdown in some regions of EAME
may constrain construction activity in Europe in the short term. However, we expect improved market
conditions due to favorable expansionary policies as well as benefits from higher commodity prices in
Africa, the Middle East and Eurasia. In Latin America, we see Brazil's construction sector supportive of
machine demand while weakness outside Brazil is expected to continue at least in the short term.

Turning to Resource Industries. The improvement in mining fundamentals is expected to continue. We
anticipate most mine sites to continue operating with limited disruptions and high levels of truck activity.
In addition, metal prices are supportive of reinvestment and quoting activity continues to be robust. The
number of parked trucks continued to decline. We continue to see strong interest in autonomy. Heavy
construction and quarry and aggregate markets remain uncertain. A U.S. infrastructure bill would likely
have a positive impact on these end markets.

Moving to Energy & Transportation, we expect typical seasonality. Although we are encouraged by recent
moves in oil prices, we expect oil and gas will continue to reflect conditions in that market. We expect
some improvement in power generation supported by data center activity. We expect growth in industrial
across all applications, and transportation should grow due to services and higher international rail activity
later in the year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

Overall, we expect our sales in 2021 to be stronger due to the lack of a dealer inventory reduction and
improving market conditions, as I've described. We also expect services revenues to increase during the
year.

Given the continuing uncertainty, we're not providing earnings guidance at this time. Andrew will provide
several assumptions for the first quarter in a moment, but we expect the first quarter to benefit from
stronger year-over-year sales to users and dealer restocking. We also expect modestly higher margins in
the first quarter of 2021 compared to the fourth quarter of 2020.

You may recall that during our third quarter earnings call, I said that I felt better today than I did a
quarter ago, and the same is true today for the reasons I explained earlier concerning our markets. In
addition, we're executing well against our strategy for long-term profitable growth.

We expect to achieve our Investor Day operating margin targets in 2021 despite the impact of reinstating
short-term incentive compensation. We also expect to meet our Investor Day free cash flow targets this
year. Given our intention to return substantially all of our ME&T free cash flow to shareholders as well
as our desire to be in the market on a regular basis, we expect to revisit our current pause in share
repurchases later this year.

We have paid higher annual dividends to shareholders for 27 consecutive years, and we're proud of our
status as a dividend aristocrat. As I mentioned on our last earnings call, all decisions concerning the
dividend are made by our Board of Directors, but we anticipate recommending an increase in the current
year.

We signed an agreement last quarter to acquire Weir's Oil & Gas business. We see a strong fit between
Weir and our current offerings. This strategic transaction enhances our ability to serve our existing
customer base while adding services revenue opportunities. We anticipate the acquisition will close very
soon.

Turning to Slide 7. We remain committed to our strategy, which we launched in 2017. We're focused on
operational excellence and continue to invest in services and expanded offerings during the pandemic. An
example of our continued investment in expanded offerings was our new GX line of excavators launched
in November in China, which has received a positive response from our customers. The GX series provides
the durability, safety and services that customers expect, plus 15% lower fuel consumption than the prior
models. It also offers 25% lower maintenance cost.

Our technology, along with our engineering know-how and global dealer network, has always played a
pivotal role in making our customers more successful with Caterpillar.

For the first time, we displayed some of our technology at the Consumer Electronics Show earlier this
month. We featured Cat MineStar, a suite of technology and solutions that powers our autonomous trucks.
With Cat MineStar, customers say their employees are safer, machines are more efficient and operations
are more consistent and productive. Customers have realized productivity increases of up to 30% with 0
reportable injuries. We believe our autonomous capabilities provide a competitive advantage in mining.

We were recently awarded research funding from the U.S. Department of Energy for 2 development
projects. The first project, which is expected to launch in the first quarter of this year, is a 3-year program
for a hydrogen fuel cell system for data center power. The second project is expected to launch in
mid-2021 and is a 3-year program related to a flexible natural gas and hydrogen combined heat and
power system.

Caterpillar announced 2020 sustainability goals in 2006, and we're proud of our progress. By 2019, we'd
reduced our greenhouse gas emissions by 54% from our 2006 baseline exceeding our goal of 50%, and
more than 35% of our electrical energy was obtained from renewables or alternative sources exceeding
our 2020 goal of 20%. We'll disclose our final 2020 goal attainment in May when we also plan to disclose
our new sustainability goals for the next horizon.

I'll also comment on services, which is an important element of our strategy. As you know, we have a
target of doubling our services revenue from 2012 to 2026. Our annual services revenue declined 13%

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

to $16 billion in 2020 versus the prior year. As we expected, services were less cyclical than original
equipment and rose as a percentage of sales, representing 41% of ME&T sales in 2020.

Year-over-year services declines reflected the reduction in machine hours related to the pandemic and
customer decisions to delay planned maintenance and rebuilds as they sought to conserve cash. However,
we did see an increase in customer value agreements, both in the number and the average length. With
over 1 million connected assets, we feel we have critical mass from a connectivity perspective, which will
leverage to increase services sales over time.

In the coming year, we expect to return to growth in services. We did see positive momentum from the
third to the fourth quarter of 2020. All 3 segments have detailed plans to increase services by making our
customers more successful.

In summary, we continue executing our strategy, improving operational excellence and investing in
expanded offerings and services to help our customers succeed. We continue to maintain a strong balance
sheet and intend to deliver higher margins and free cash flow through the cycles, as outlined during our
2019 Investor Day.

We're grateful for our team's accomplishments in 2020, including their high level of engagement. We have
a great team and we'll emerge from the pandemic as an even stronger company well positioned for long-
term profitable growth.

With that, I'll turn it over to Andrew.

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin by walking you through the fourth quarter results,
including sales to users, changes in dealer inventory and segment performance. Then I'll comment on the
balance sheet, before finishing with our key assumptions for the first quarter of 2021.

Starting with the fourth quarter on Slide 8. Versus last year, sales and revenues declined by 15% to
$11.2 billion. Operating profit decreased by 25% to $1.4 billion. Good cost control in the quarter partly
offset the impacts of lower volume. Fourth quarter 2020 profit per share was $1.42. That included pretax
remeasurement losses of $438 million or $0.63 per share, resulting from the settlements of pension and
other postretirement obligations. Last year's profit per share for the fourth quarter was $1.97. Fourth
quarter 2020 adjusted profit per share was $2.12 compared to $2.71 last year.

You will have seen from the release that the full year effective tax rate was approximately 28%, excluding
discrete items. This was lower than the 31% rate we'd anticipated and added $0.26 to profit per share.
We also had a $0.05 benefit from discrete tax items in the quarter. Excluding restructuring expense, adds
another $0.07 per share. The balance of the outperformance reflect a better-than-expected operating
results, which saw adjusted operating margins improve by 170 basis points versus the third quarter of
2020.

Since 2019, we have only reported adjusted profit per share in the fourth quarter when we had mark-to-
market impacts from our pension and other post-retirement benefit plans. This change happened because
restructuring expense have returned to base levels, which was between $100 million and $200 million per
annum. This was not considered material and did not warrant adjusting profit per share.

However, restructuring expenses risen to $350 million this year as we took additional actions to address
certain challenged products. We also expect restructuring expense in 2021 to be similar to or even greater
than the 2020 total as we continue to take the necessary actions to improve our cost competitiveness. So
we're now reporting adjusted profits per share excluding restructuring charges, and we'll report adjusted
profit per share each quarter in the coming year to exclude restructuring. We've also adjusted the prior
year numbers, so they're on a comparable basis. Our restructuring efforts in 2020 made good progress,
and we expect $150 million benefit in 2021 from these actions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

As shown on Slide 9, overall sales and revenues finished fairly close to what we anticipated in October as
stronger end-user demand was offset by further reductions in dealer inventory. The top line declined by
$1.9 billion to $11.2 billion, primarily due to lower volume and a larger year-on-year reduction in dealer
inventory.

As Jim mentioned, sales to users decreased by 10% for the fourth quarter. Sales to users for construction
industries declined by 1% versus the prior year. It was a mixed bag geographically as Asia Pacific rose by
16%, benefiting from stimulus spending in China. Latin America also improved up 11%. North America
was down 8%, a solid improvement from the third quarter trend.

Resource Industries, which tends to be lumpy, had a 3% decline for the quarter. Energy & Transportation
sales to users decreased by 25%. The largest driver of that decline was attributed to lower levels of
activity in oil and gas.

Between earning calls, we've been reporting rolling 3-month sales to users every month. Going forward,
we will report to sales to users only once per quarter when we discuss earnings so we can put them in the
proper context.

Machine orders improved in the fourth quarter as dealers began preparing for the spring selling season
and the Chinese New Year. Machine orders accelerated by the double-digit percentage terms from the
fourth -- third quarter to the fourth, in line with normal trends.

Dealers decreased inventories by $1.1 billion during the fourth quarter. That compares with a decrease of
$700 million in the fourth quarter of last year. Improving sales to users enabled dealers to reduce their
inventory by about $400 million more than we had anticipated in October. Dealers reduced inventory over
the course of 2020 by $2.9 billion. This change brought their inventory levels to the lower end of their
normal range for months of sales. As you know, dealers are independent businesses and make their own
decisions on inventory.

In the first quarter of 2020, we finished the rollout of our new S&OP process which we believe promoted
better alignment between us and our dealers through a volatile year. This dealer inventory reduction
positions us well for 2021.

Reported sales decreased versus the prior year in all 3 primary segments. Energy & Transportation
contributed the majority of the decrease in total sales, declining by 19%. This segment had weakness
in all 4 applications, led by oil and gas and transportation. Sales in Construction Industries declined by
10% due to lower sales volume associated with the reduction in end-user demand and changes in dealer
inventories. Sales in Resource Industries decreased by 9% due to lower end-user demand for equipment
and aftermarket parts.

I'll now move to Slide 10. Operating profit for the fourth quarter fell by 25% to $1.4 billion, mostly due
to volume declines. Similar to the trend we've seen throughout the year, lower manufacturing costs and
SG&A and R&D expense partially mitigated the decline in volume. We delivered an adjusted operating
margin of 12.8%. Restructuring expense for the quarter was flat at $58 million compared with $54 million
in the fourth quarter of 2019.

I'll discuss the individual segments results for the fourth quarter, starting on Slide 11 with Construction
Industries. For Construction Industries, sales decreased by 10% to $4.5 billion. Volume declines resulted
from changes in dealer inventories, led by North America, and lower end-user demand. We also saw
lower sales in China, in part due to lower dealer inventory, which included the impact of a later Chinese
New Year in 2021. However, sales to users were better than expected, and we're seeing momentum in
residential construction, although we're still seeing weakness in pipeline and road construction.

The segment's fourth quarter profit decreased by 4% to $630 million, driven by lower volume and higher
warranty expense. That was partially offset by favorable cost absorption and lower SG&A and R&D
expenses, including the absence of short-term incentive compensation. Margins remained resilient, rising
90 basis points versus 2019 to 14.0%. Versus the third quarter, margins were down slightly. This was a
smaller seasonal decline than we normally see, reflecting the improvement in the top line quarter-over-
quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

As shown on Slide 12, Resource Industries sales decreased by 9% in the fourth quarter to $2.2 billion. We
experienced lower engines demand for equipment and aftermarket parts, supporting heavy construction
and quarry and aggregates, and to a lesser extent, in mining. As anticipated, sales for Resource Industries
improved compared with the third quarter.

Despite lower sales in the fourth quarter, profit increased to $273 million compared with $261 million in
the fourth quarter of 2019. The segment's profit margin of 12.5% rose by 160 basis points compared
to 2019 on strong cost controls. Variable labor and burden efficiencies as well as material costs were
favorable despite the lower sales volume. SG&A and R&D expenses benefited from lower short-
term incentive compensation and other cost-reduction actions, and benefits were realized from prior
restructuring programs. Versus the third quarter, the operating improved by 330 basis points, mainly
reflecting the higher volume.

Turning to Slide 13. Fourth quarter sales of Energy & Transportation declined by 19% to $4.8 billion. The
decline included a 29% sales decrease in oil and gas, mainly due to lower demand in North America for
reciprocating engines using gas compression and well servicing. Sales were also lower for turbines and
turbine-related services. Power generation sales decreased by 9%. This decline was primarily due to lower
sales volume in small reciprocating engines, turbines and turbine-related services and engine aftermarket
parts.

Transportation and industrial sales decreased by 28% and 19%, respectively. Transportation declines
reflected lower locomotive deliveries and related service revenues primarily in North America, as well as
lower sales in marine. Profit for the segment decreased by 41% to $687 million due to lower sales volume.
That was partially offset by lower SG&A, R&D and period manufacturing costs.

The segment's operating margin declined to 14.3%, a 530 basis point decrease in comparison to a record
quarter a year ago. Versus the third quarter, the operating margin improvement was 250 basis points
reflecting the higher volume and favorable mix, partially offset by the timing of product development
expenses, which we mentioned in the third quarter call.

Moving to Slide 14 to wrap up the segment commentary. Financial Products revenue decreased by $103
million or 12% to $743 million. The decline was due to lower average financing rates across all regions
and lower average earning assets in North America. The latter reflected lower purchase receivables, which
resulted from volume declines.

Segment profit of $195 million declined by 7% year-over-year, mostly reflecting higher provision for credit
losses and lower earning assets. While used prices were flat to up in construction equipment, we also had
an unfavorable impact from returned or repossessed marine and mining products.

Our customers remain in good financial condition. Credit applications continued to rebound in the quarter,
up 6% compared to the third quarter and up 15% compared to a year ago. Cat Financials supported
customers during the year with a streamlined process for loan modifications, but modification activity
declined significantly and requests for second modifications remain very limited.

Past dues were 3.49%, up 35% year-over-year, but an improvement of 32 basis points from the third
quarter. As has been the case, Cat Financial will continue to work closely with customers as they manage
the impacts of COVID-19 on their business and cash flow, but we are pleased to see that our customers
remain in good financial health.

Now on Slide 15. Free cash flow from Machinery, Energy & Transportation was about $1.7 billion in the
quarter, a decrease of about $200 million versus the fourth quarter of 2019. The decrease reflected
changes in Caterpillar inventory as our inventories remained stable in the fourth quarter of 2020 compared
to a decrease in 2019. As we've mentioned previously, we continue to hold higher Caterpillar inventory,
primarily in components and other work in process to ensure that any potential disruptions to supply do
not affect our customers and to make sure we're able to respond quickly to improved demand.

However, free cash flow from ME&T did increase by $800 million versus the third quarter of this year. The
sequential improvement was largely due to the higher profit and favorable working capital. We generated
$3.1 billion of ME&T free cash flow in 2020. Although this was below our Investor Day range of $4 billion

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

to $8 billion, we expect to return to our Investor Day cash targets in 2021. We ended the fourth quarter
with $9.4 billion in enterprise cash and maintained a strong liquidity position.

You will recall that we issued $2 billion in debt last year partly to increase liquidity and partly anticipation
of $1.4 billion in scheduled maturities this year. Our credit ratings remain strong. We recently declared
our normal quarterly dividend of $1.03 per share, which translates to around $560 million. As Jim has
indicated, we're proud of our status as a dividend aristocrat. All decisions concerning the dividend are
made by our Board of Directors, but we anticipate recommending an increase in the current year.

Last year, including the quarterly dividend as well as share repurchases made early in the year, we
returned $3.4 billion to shareholders. Our intention at Investor Day was to return substantially all ME&T
free cash flow to shareholders through the cycles. And in 2020, we returned 110% of our ME&T free cash
flow to shareholders. In fact, over the past 3 years, on average, we've returned 106% and we've reduced
our quarterly average diluted shares outstanding by about 10% since the first quarter of 2018.

While share repurchases were paused in April due to uncertainties associated with COVID-19, we aim to
be in the market on a regular basis. Given what we're seeing in the business, we expect to revisit the
decision to pause our share repurchase program later this year. We also continue to maintain a strong
balance sheet, which we can use for compelling M&A opportunities such as our pending agreement to
purchase the Weir Group's Oil & Gas business.

Whilst we're not providing annual guidance, we do have a few thoughts on the first quarter. A summary
of our key assumptions is shown on Slide 16. In the first quarter, we expect stronger year-over-year sales
to users, due mainly to growth in Construction Industries. We anticipate ongoing strength in China and
benefits from the pickup in residential construction in North America, although nonresidential remained
subdued.

We expect Resource Industries, a lumpy business, to begin the year a little lower with a similar year-over-
year STU trend to what we saw in Q4. Energy & Transportation is also expected to have a negative start to
the year, although the trends are expected to improve versus the sharp drops in sales to users reported in
the third and fourth quarters of 2020. As a reminder, our sales to users were only impacted marginally in
the first quarter of 2020, so we expect stronger STU growth in the remainder of 2021.

We expect a normal seasonal dealer inventory build in anticipation of the spring selling season. Note that
the Chinese New Year is about 3 weeks later this year. So the inventory built for Asia Pacific has shifted
more to the first quarter of 2021 rather than occurring in the fourth quarter has happened between 2019
and 2020.

Our aim this year is to produce closer to end-user demand and we anticipate dealers will remain within
their normal range for sales -- months of sales in inventories. Again, we will benefit in 2021 from not
having the headwind of the dealer inventory reductions that took place in 2020.

With respect to operating margins, we expect a sequential improvement in the first quarter versus the
fourth, even with the impact of about $225 million from restoring short-term incentive compensation. On
a year-over-year basis, the benefit of higher volumes will almost entirely offset the impact of short-term
incentive compensation, which means we expect operating margins to be about flat versus Q1 2020.

As Jim mentioned in his comments, we do expect to deliver margins in the Investor Day range as the
benefits of operating leverage and the restructuring cost actions I mentioned earlier will offset the impact
of short-term incentive compensation and high expenses that were deferred into 2021.

Looking at margins by segment. In Construction Industries, stronger sales and leverage on higher volumes
are anticipated to drive the sequential margin expansion in the first quarter compared to the fourth
quarter despite the impact of short-term incentive compensation. Resource Industries is also anticipated
to have a higher-margin sequentially on higher sales and leverage, along with favorable mix.

However, from a margin perspective, Energy & Transportation is likely to have a weaker start to the year,
which is in line with typical seasonality. This excludes any impact from the Weir acquisition, which we
anticipate will close very soon, although we don't expect it to be material to our full year results.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

In addition, we assume a tax rate in the first quarter of about 26% to 28%, consistent with what we
project for the full year based on the current U.S. statutory tax rate. This is in line with the tax rate we
have reported in 2020. We'd expect normal CapEx at a pace that would translate to about $1 billion to
$1.2 billion for the year.

So finally, let's turn to Slide 17 and let me recap today's key points. We continue to execute our strategy
for profitable growth. We're investing in services and expanded offerings while improving operational
excellence. In the fourth quarter, trends in sales to users improved compared to the third quarter, dealer
inventories declined and we improved adjusted operating margins relative to Q3.

We expect to see improved margin sequentially and stronger volumes in the first quarter. We're grateful to
our employees for ensuring we provided the essential products and services that enable our customers to
support a world in need, and then most importantly for doing so safely.

With that, I'll hand it back to Jason to prepare for the Q&A session.

Jennifer K. Driscoll
Director of Investor Relations
And as we do that, we'll just say, to be clear, our goal for services is to double it from 2016 at $14 billion
to 2026 at $28 billion. Jason?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer from Melius Research.

Robert Cameron Wertheimer
Melius Research LLC

Given the decision not to reinstate the outlook, and obviously there's a lot of uncertainty, could you talk
about at least the key points of uncertainty, the upside and/or downside? I mean where are you seeing
where there may still be downside revenues, if there is some? Where are you seeing more upside risk
versus 2020 levels? Just a little bit of characterization of why you made the decision and where the points
of uncertainty are.

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

You bet. Rob, this is Jim. As we indicated in our prepared remarks, we do expect 2021 to be a better year
than 2020 for us. We expect higher sales. But just given the uncertainty around the pandemic, the rollout
of the vaccine, the resulting impact on the global economy, although we expect it to be a better year, it's
difficult for us to quantify how much better it will be just based on the pandemic.

And we mentioned several bright spots, whether we -- continued strength in China, continued strength in
residential activity in the United States, which drives our smaller construction business. We're generally --
continue to be bullish on mining, still some concerns around heavy construction and quarry and ag, which
impact Resource Industries. But again, it's -- it isn't so much a concern about downside as it is uncertainty
as to how much better things we'll get this year.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs.

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I'm wondering if you could talk about the first quarter margin outlook. It's nice to see the margin
expansion plan sequentially despite a 2-point headwind from incentive compensation, so that's better
cadence than normal seasonality. Can you just talk about how much of that is momentum in price cost
improvements versus other drivers? We were pleasantly surprised by that part of the outlook.

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Thanks, Jerry. It's Andrew. Yes, I mean, the big driver is really volume. As I've said, the fact that we
expect a more normal seasonable dealer buying pattern ahead of the spring selling season. And if you
recall last year, we only had about $100 million of dealer inventory increase in Q1. That is a big factor,
obviously, from a volume perspective. And given the operating leverage that we have in the business, that
enables us to more than offset the STIP increase.

We continue to monitor and control costs. We are in an environment where everybody is obviously focused
on making sure every dollar counts. And that will continue as we go forward. That is something which
will obviously continue until we start seeing stronger recoveries and obviously continue to make sure that
we're investing in the business, as Jim said, we continue to invest in services. We continue to invest in
new products. That's really critical for our long-term growth.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan from JPMorgan.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

Ann P. Duignan
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

As we contemplate our 2021 models, could you provide us more color in terms of your outlook by
subsegment in E&T? And in particular, you talked about oil and gas, but turbines -- in particular in turbine
services and then the other subsectors.

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Ann, we expect -- starting with your question about solar, we expect solar to have a relatively flat year
to 2020. We do believe their services will be up a bit. And again, there's still uncertainty out there. But
our current view is that solar will be about flat year-to-year. Yes, we expect power generation to have a
stronger year. And a lot of that is driven by data center activity.

We expect industrial engine activity to strengthen during the year. We do expect in rail to see continued
low levels of sales of new locomotives in North America, but we do expect stronger activity internationally
for sale of locomotives and also services as well. Marine, I would expect to remain at a relatively low level
in the first quarter compared with the fourth quarter of 2020.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of David Raso from Evercore ISI.

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

A bigger picture question. I mean many of the classic signs of Cat's prospects turning positive are there,
right, the low inventory, higher commodity prices. But when we think about the whole cycle, as you're
well aware, right, some investors questions Cat's longer-term growth prospects, and [ due to part ]
some people question the sustainability of the reflation trade, but really even more so they believe Cat's
business portfolio is poorly positioned for a world evolving their clean energy and carbon-neutral goals.

So Jim, can you provide your thoughts on those 2 issues, particularly the second issue of the portfolio
and how we should think of acquisitions, maybe help changing that investor view? I mean, especially
given your net debt to EBITDA and that's on a weak 2020 EBITDA, is only 0.4. And if you can tie into that,
with the percentage of aftermarket revenues you gave this morning, it does suggest your aftermarket
revenues have to grow at a 9.8% CAGR from 2020 to '26 to meet your revenue goal of $28 billion in 2026
for aftermarket. So if you can talk to those issues, it would be helpful as people think about the whole
cycle.

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

David, always good to hear from you. Starting with the question about our portfolio and the way we're
positioned. I feel quite good about the way we're positioned. You stop and think about the potential impact
on our Resource Industries' business over time, particularly in mining as the energy transition occurs,
thinking about the commodities that will be required both in terms of investments in infrastructure,
electric vehicles, again, I believe we're very well positioned in our eye to take advantage of that.

We also, as when you asked the question last quarter, I talked about the fact that we do intend to continue
to support our customers both during and after the transition. And so I believe we're well positioned to do
that. So again, we continue to work closely with our customers. We continue to invest in new products.

Again, last quarter, when you asked the question, we talked about some of the things that we're doing in
terms of investments with new products. And we have an all-electric switch locomotive. We've done things
to help make our oil and gas customers more sustainable, whether it be an engine that allows them to
substitute up to 85% natural gas -- substituting natural gas for diesel fuel for well servicing. We're doing
things in terms of allowing oil and gas customers to reduce flaring. So again, a whole variety of things that
we're doing and we're investing in to support our customers, both during and after the energy transition.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

In terms of your question about services, certainly, our goal is an ambitious goal, and we said that when
we introduced that goal, and we certainly recognize that it is ambitious, but we're very focused on this as
a business. We've been making investments over the last few years in our digital capabilities and our --
many of our processes in our models, and we're going to work hard to leverage those connected assets
and those investments that we've made to grow services going forward. And we think that represents just
an excellent opportunity for future profitable growth over the next few years.

Jennifer K. Driscoll
Director of Investor Relations

[Operator Instructions]

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook from Crédit Suisse.

Jamie Lyn Cook
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Jim or Andrew, I guess the question for you is on the margin side. You look at Resource and Construction,
your margins improved year-on-year despite sales declines. You look at your margins for the total year,
they were about 11%, which is above the low end of your targeted range. And taking into account, you
said you didn't think you'd be able to hit your targeted range when COVID first started. So clearly, it looks
like the margin performance of the business is doing better than you originally anticipated.

So can -- is there any way you can help us understand what's happening there? I'm just trying to figure
out if the margin targets that you laid out at the Analyst Day, if there's some upside there, if there's a
reason structurally why margins are performing better, in particular given some of the headwinds that we
faced this year with COVID, dealer inventory, et cetera.

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Jamie, thanks for your question. And certainly, we are very proud of our team and the fact that we were
able to achieve our Investor Day targets this year despite the fact that we continue to invest in services
and expanded offerings and new products and positioning ourselves for long-term profitable growth. As
we said in Investor Day, our measure of profitable growth is absolute OPEB dollars. And we believe that by
growing absolute OPEB dollars, that will drive long-term TSR.

So certainly, we're always looking across the business to find ways to improve our competitiveness, to
improve our footprint, to improve cost of our back office operations. So that's a never-ending journey that
we're on. But we really are growing -- attempting to grow long term absolute OPEB dollars as opposed
to just squeezing higher margins out. Again, margins will fluctuate over time. But again, keep in mind 2
things. One is we're very focused on meeting those Investor Day targets in terms of margins and free cash
flow. And we're also very focused on growing absolute OPEB dollars to grow long-term TSR.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi from Bank of America.

Ross Paul Gilardi
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Jim, yes, I was just wondering if you could just discuss the outlook for reinvestment in 2021 and the
next several years. I mean, you committed to the $4 billion to $8 billion in free cash through the cycle.
It sounds like your planning to raise the dividend and resume the buyback. But Cat spent about 60% of
depreciation on CapEx in 2020. You've underspent depreciation by a pretty wide measure. I think every
year going back to 2013, R&D spends down about $500 million from where it was at the trough of the last
cycle.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

Should we be expecting some catch-up years on CapEx and R&D in the next several years? And if not, why
not? And just with that, what are you baking in for R&D and CapEx in 2021?

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Yes. We're not going to disclose a discrete number for R&D and CapEx in 2021. But just to make some
general comments here, we certainly are very committed to continue to invest in our products. One of the
things that did impact R&D in 2020 was the lack of STIPs. So keep that in mind as well. That is part of the
calculation.

But we're very committed. And we talked about the GX product line. We talked about some of the other
investments that we're making in new products, and that's something that we will continue to do. We
talked about the fact that we recognize there is an energy transition occurring, and we are investing in
and we'll continue to invest in new technologies that allow us to support our customers moving forward.

In terms of CapEx, one of the things we worked very hard on is lean operations to get more production
out of existing bricks and mortar. So rather than build -- continue to build factories we may not need at
certain points in the cycle, we're really focused on manufacturing flexibility, working across that value
chain, reducing lead times, becoming more lean to try to meet those fluctuations in demand in a cost-
effective manner.

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. As we've said, I think we guided, in my notes, between $1 billion and $1.2 billion for CapEx this year,
which is at more -- 2021, which is at more normal level. Obviously, 2020 was disrupted a little bit as well.
Because obviously, the impact of COVID, some of the same projects that would normally have happened
have been deferred and delayed.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Tim Thein from Citigroup.

Timothy W. Thein
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Great. Maybe, Jim, if we could -- just go back to mining, if we could, in terms of -- you alluded to the
order activity and just the healthy level of discussions. Maybe just a little bit more in terms of what Denise
and team are hearing as you look at mining markets around the globe in terms of how we're thinking
about how the recovery and the interplay between whole goods versus parts? So maybe, again, just a
little bit more color in terms of your expectations for the mining piece within RI.

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Certainly. As I mentioned, we continue to be optimistic about at our mining business, the quotation
activity is strong. Certainly, base metal markets support additional activity. Number of parked mining
trucks has declined. And now keep in mind, of course, RI includes heavy construction and quarry and
ag, so there's some uncertainty there. And that business is relatively subdued. That could be helped by
stimulus programs. But at this point, that is relatively depressed. But again, in mining, we're quite bullish.

So again, as we look at our autonomous solution, we believe we have a competitive advantage there. And
we expect strong activity in new equipment. We expect strong activity in parts. Keep in mind, of course,
our business is quite lumpy. Both in RI and E&T, we'll see fluctuations quarter-to-quarter. But again, the
medium and long-term trend, we're quite bullish on. And again, I mentioned the energy transition, we're
very well positioned to take advantage of that in Resource Industries.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Nicole DeBlase from Deutsche Bank.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

Nicole Sheree DeBlase
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

So I guess I wanted to ask about the safety stock that you've built within CI and maybe within Resource
as well, if there's any there. How do you feel about that compared to what's going on in the market
with respect to raw materials, difficulty getting any supplies? Maybe characterize what you're seeing
with respect to COVID and how much of a concern that is as presumably demand really starts to ramp
throughout 2021.

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you. So as I mentioned, we did make a conscious decision, and we talked about this in previous
earnings calls, that we would hold some additional inventory to mitigate the potential disruptions of -- on
our supply chain of COVID, just given the uncertainty of the trajectory of the pandemic. And our decision
was not to hold finished goods inventory, but to hold that inventory in a lean way in components and
further up the value chain. So at this point, we haven't seen major issues in terms of supply disruptions.
So, so far so good on that count. So based on everything we see today, we're confident in our ability to
meet demand going forward.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Mig Dobre from Baird.

Mircea Dobre
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

I want to ask a question around restructuring into '21. You're excluding it now from earnings. It would
imply to me that you're expecting restructuring activity to potentially pick up maybe quite a bit. And
I guess I'm wondering what's left to do here? What are some of the portions of the business that you
believe needs to be more tweaking? And I'm wondering if you've got portions where you're outright trying
to either reduce capacity or take out footprint, maybe that goes back to David's question on your -- on
some of your businesses that maybe have some more structural concerns long term.

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Yes. So again, as I mentioned earlier, we are continually looking for ways to improve our competitiveness
and reduce our cost structure. That means evaluating not just our capacity but also our footprint and
where we are. We previously publicly announced the decision to close the Dortmund and Luenen and
Wuppertal operations to get -- to move closer to our customers and also to reduce costs.

So again, in my view, that needs to be something that we continually do. And it isn't just our factories in
brick-and-mortar, it's also looking at our back-office operations as well. And again, always finding ways to
improve our cost structure and be more competitive. So really, the restructuring that we put in, again, is
more reflective of our continuous journey to improve our competitiveness.

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

And Mig, just from the accounting perspective to refer to the fact why we're excluding it from adjusted
profit per share. As I said in my remarks, when we get to a base level, which is between $100 million and
$200 million, it is effectively at a level where it's not material and therefore it doesn't warrant us adjusting
profit per share for that. Given the size of the spend, the magnitude of the spend, $354 million, and as
we say we expect a similar level, maybe slightly higher in 2021, that does require us to be consistent with
where we've been in historic periods. And therefore, do exclude it.

I know it's a -- it causes you guys some challenge in because you have to go back and restate your
models. But unfortunately, it is one of those things which, from a disclosure perspective, is a good practice
for us to do. As regards what the spend is, obviously, some of the spend will be ongoing programs, as

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

Jim mentioned. But some of those programs actually do have -- or are multiyear program, they're not
just a single year, and so some of that spend does recur. So obviously, we're not doing a big restructuring
program. We're not announcing anything, which comes to your question about -- on some of the -- back
to the questions about are there more structural long-term concerns. This is just really about tweaking,
making sure we're doing the right thing to drive our cost base.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Noah Kaye from Oppenheimer.

Noah Duke Kaye
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Jim, back to mining, and this is really, I think, following up on CES and your presentations there. As
you see mining RFP activity coming back and customer engagement growing, can you talk about sort
of growth trends and potential share gains for autonomous offerings? And then clearly, with the marble
acquisition, you could leverage that to go from a very linear mining ecosystem to move to more dynamic
and predictable markets like construction and quarry and waste. So can you talk a little bit about that
dynamic as well? How you're seeing that playing out in the new quoting activity you're seeing and the
extent to which that's a share gain opportunity for you?

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Well, certainly. We do continue to see a strong pull for automation and autonomy by our mining
customers. And again, we believe it delivers tremendous value. We've had customers say publicly that
they are seeing productivity increases of 30% against their best man sites. Again, it's got a safety
component for them as well. That helps improve the utilization of their equipment, which is so important.

And we do feel strongly that we have a competitive advantage with our autonomous solution. And
generally, it requires a certain size in terms of a mine in terms of number of trucks for the capital
investment to make sense, but we're continually working on that as well. So there's a lot of opportunity
going forward in mining with autonomy.

And you make a very good point. Now we are starting to deploy some of those technologies. We have a
lot of programs in work to deploy a lot of that technology, whether it's autonomy, semi-autonomy, remote
control, many of those same kinds of technologies into Construction Industries. And it isn't one size fits all,
it happens over time. But again, we do believe there's applicability of many of those technologies to our
construction business over time. And that's something that we're working very hard on. And again, that's
part of our R&D plan.

Jennifer K. Driscoll
Director of Investor Relations

And we have time for one more question, please.

Operator

Your final question comes from the line of Steve Volkmann from Jefferies.

Stephen Edward Volkmann
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Great. My question is really about how to think about sort of working capital for 2021? Maybe it's an
Andrew question. But in the spirit of the S&OP that I think has changed a little bit how you manage all
this, I'm just curious if we should expect a normal working capital build with revenue increases or if
there's anything different to think about there?

Andrew R. J. Bonfield
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

Yes, Steve, thank you. And one of the things, obviously, you would normally have expected in a year
where there's a downturn to see a working capital inflow this year in 2020. Obviously, because of the
decision we took around inventories to make sure we held a little bit of extra inventory to buffer against
supply disruption and/or demanding changes, we have -- we will be in a situation in 2021, where we don't
expect a big build of inventory. So that helps our free cash flow, which gives us confidence that we'll be
able to deliver our free cash flow targets in 2021.

The other thing just to remember, on the working capital and cash flow basis, is obviously, last year, in
2020, we paid about $700 million of short-term incentive compensation. We will not have that in 2021.
So that will be, again, a strong boost to our cash position as we go through the year. But the one thing
I would say that to me, that has been really remarkable is to remind you again in a year of significant
turmoil where we've held sort of additional inventory, we have still been able to generate free cash flow
of $3.1 billion. This is a hugely cash-generative company and one which I think sometimes investors do
underappreciate.

Jennifer K. Driscoll
Director of Investor Relations

Okay. And we'll turn it back to Jim for our closing remarks.

D. James Umpleby
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Well, thanks, everyone, for your time this morning. We greatly appreciate your questions.

Caterpillar faced many challenges in 2020 and we're very proud of how our team responded. We met
the operating margin target that we communicated during our 2019 Investor Day, while, importantly,
continuing to invest in expanded offerings and services to secure our long-term future. And our team did
this while having the best year on record for employee safety. And as I mentioned earlier, we fully intend
to emerge in a pandemic as an even stronger company. Thank you again.

Jennifer K. Driscoll
Director of Investor Relations

Thanks, Jim. Thanks, everybody, who joined us today. We appreciate your time with us.

A replay of our call will be available online later this morning. We'll also post a transcript on our Investor
Relations website later today. Fourth quarter results video with our CFO and SEC filing with our sales to
users data and our quarterly highlights are already posted there. Click on investors.caterpillar.com and
then click on Financials to find those materials.

If you have any questions, please reach out to Rob or me. You can reach Rob at rengel_rob@cat.com, and
I'm at driscoll_jennifer@cat.com. The Investor Relations general phone number is (309) 675-4549.

We hope you enjoy the rest of your day and the weekend. And I will turn it back to Jason to conclude our
call.

Operator
That concludes today's conference call. Thank you, everyone, for joining. Have a wonderful day. You may
now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CATERPILLAR INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

