CF Industries Holdings, Inc. NYSE:CF
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, February 13, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.26

0.25

(3.85 %)

0.31

2.00

1.93

(3.50 %)

2.07

1029.39

1049.00

1.90

985.46

4615.90

4590.00

(0.56 %)

4435.22

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-13-2020 1:18 PM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.33

0.84

0.36

0.26

0.28

1.13

0.26

0.25

(12.12 %)

34.52 %

(27.78 %)

(3.85 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Bert A. Frost
Senior Vice President of Sales,
Market Development & Supply
Chain

Christopher D. Bohn
Senior VP & CFO

Martin A. Jarosick
Vice President of Investor
Relations

W. Anthony Will
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Andrew D. Wong
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Christopher S. Parkinson
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Christopher Willis; Exothermic
Global;Principal

Donald David Carson
Susquehanna Financial Group,
LLLP, Research Division

Jeffrey John Zekauskas
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Jeremy Noah Rosenberg
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Joel Jackson
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

John Ezekiel E. Roberts
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Jonas I. Oxgaard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Mark William Connelly
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Michael Leith Piken
Cleveland Research Company

P.J. Juvekar
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Steve Byrne
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Ziad Saada
Scotiabank Global Banking and
Markets, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the CF Industries Holdings Fourth Quarter and Full
Year 2019 Results and Conference Call. My name is Michelle. I'll be your coordinator for today. [Operator
Instructions]

I would now like to turn the presentation over to the host for today, Mr. Martin Jarosick, with CF Investor
Relations. Sir, please go ahead.

Martin A. Jarosick
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, and thanks for joining the CF Industries' full year and fourth quarter earnings conference
call. I'm Martin Jarosick, Vice President, Investor Relations for CF. With me today are Tony Will, CEO; Chris
Bohn, CFO; and Bert Frost, Senior Vice President of Sales, Market Development and Supply Chain.

CF Industries reported its full year and fourth quarter 2019 results yesterday afternoon. On this call,
we'll review the CF Industries results in detail, discuss our outlook and then host a question-and-answer
session.

Statements made on this call and in the presentation on our website that are not historical facts are
forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks,
uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may
differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statements. More detailed information about
factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the SEC, which are available
on our website. Also, you'll find the reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP measures in the press
release and presentation posted on our website.

Now let me introduce Tony Will, our President and CEO.

W. Anthony Will
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Martin, and good morning, everyone. Last night, we posted our financial results for the full year
2019, in which we generated adjusted EBITDA of $1.6 billion, a nearly 15% increase over 2018. We
efficiently converted our EBITDA into cash, generating over $900 million in free cash for the year.

As shown on Slides 6 and 7 of our materials, we are the most efficient converter of EBITDA into cash
in the industry. Additionally, we have the best free cash flow yield. These results reflect the impact of
lower year-over-year natural gas costs for the company, higher product price realizations and outstanding
execution by the CF team. We operated our plants extremely well all year and set a new quarterly
ammonia production record in the fourth quarter.

For the full year, we produced more than 10.2 million tons of ammonia and delivered sales volumes of
19.5 million product tons. Most impressively, we did all these safely. Our 12-month rolling recordable
incident rate at the end of 2019 was 0.48 incidents per 200,000 work hours. This is the lowest year-end
rate ever at CF. We are tremendously proud of this achievement, and I want to thank everyone at CF who
makes safety their top priority every day.

In 2019, we delivered a 1-year total shareholder return of 13%, which was well above each member
of our fertilizer peer group for the year, as you can see on Slides 9 and 10. We have outperformed our
peer group index over 1, 3, 5, 7 and 10 years for total shareholder returns, and we were the single
best-performing company overall but one of these time periods. We believe this consistent long-term
outperformance relative to our peers reflects the enduring structural and operational strengths of our
company.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Our structural advantages are clear. We provide a nutrient that is nondiscretionary and for which demand
continues to grow. We are among the lowest cost producers of nitrogen in the world due to our access to
low-cost and plentiful North American natural gas, and we operate in import-dependent regions.

We also have created operational advantages for our company by investing in our assets and our
people. We have the highest ammonia utilization rate in North America, and our production sites
have the flexibility to switch quickly between products to meet demand and maximize profits. We also
have outstanding logistics capabilities in North America's most extensive distribution network. These
advantages have enabled us to efficiently generate significant cash flow.

Since the beginning of 2017, we have deployed nearly $4 billion in cash to strengthen our balance sheet,
increase shareholder participation in our nitrogen business and return cash to shareholders. We believe we
are the best-positioned company in the industry to continue to build on this track record of creating long-
term shareholder value in the years ahead.

Looking forward to 2020, we remain focused on safe and reliable operations and disciplined management
of the company. As we've said before, we believe our operational performance will consistently deliver
sales volumes between 19 million and 20 million product tons each year, and we expect to do this with one
of the lowest controllable cost structures per product ton in our industry.

With that, let me turn it over to Bert, who will talk more about current market conditions and our outlook,
then Chris will cover our financial position before I offer some closing remarks. Bert?

Bert A. Frost
Senior Vice President of Sales, Market Development & Supply Chain

Thanks, Tony. Since the start of the second half of 2019, low global energy prices have supported higher
industry operating rates and increased nitrogen supply availability. This pressured global nitrogen prices
in the latter part of 2019 and into 2020. Global demand in the second half of 2019 was a bright spot,
highlighted by strong urea imports into India and Brazil.

India tendered for a record volume of urea during the year due to favorable growing conditions and flat
domestic production despite the start-up of new capacity. This demand, along with the effect of lower
energy prices and favorable exchange rates, brought additional Chinese urea exports to the market,
exceeding our expectations entering the year. Demand from India should remain strong in 2020, with the
next India urea tender expected in March or early April. We also expect urea imports and demand in Brazil
to increase over 2019, supported by the recent idling of a Petrobras ammonia-urea complex and additional
planted corn acres in that country.

Just like the rest of the world, North America saw a lower year-over-year nitrogen prices throughout the
fourth quarter. This has been reflected in North American nitrogen prices as we begin the year. Urea barge
values at New Orleans at the start of 2020 were $220 per ton compared to $275 per ton at the start of
2019. Barge prices have appreciated recently as the industry has begun to take stock of potential spring
demand. However, even with the increase, prices today are still lower year-over-year. Additionally, UAN
prices in North America are lower than at this point last year and priced at a discount to urea due to an
influx of imports as trade flows adjust to the impact of European Union tariffs.

We expect strong nitrogen demand in North America during the upcoming spring application season, which
we believe will support prices. Last year, we saw record prevent plant acres in the U.S. and a weak fall
ammonia season due to poor weather. Despite a challenging year, however, farm income has improved for
most farmers and input costs are at decade lows. This should result in an increase in planted corn acres
as a whole over 2019 as farmers see typical planting conditions. We believe this should favor demand for
nitrogen.

Crop futures continue to support an increase in the planting of nitrogen-consuming crops. We estimate
planted corn acres in the United States will be in the range of 92 million to 94 million acres. We also
expect positive demand for spring ammonia as well as upgraded products, which typically see greater
demand following poor fall ammonia seasons. We are well prepared for the active spring application
season we see ahead.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

While our expectations are for normal planting conditions, each spring brings new opportunities for CF to
leverage our extensive logistics and distribution capabilities. We are ready for whatever arises and look
forward to working with our customers for a successful spring application season.

With that, let me turn the call over to Chris.

Christopher D. Bohn
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, Bert. For the full year of 2019, the company reported net earnings attributable to common
stockholders of $493 million or $2.23 per diluted share. Our EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA were both
approximately $1.6 billion. Lower natural gas costs year-over-year were a substantial factor in our
financial performance in 2019. This was especially true in the second half when significantly lower natural
gas prices compared to 2018 supported our results despite lower product prices.

Looking ahead to 2020, we expect natural gas costs to continue to provide a tailwind, particularly in
the first half of the year. This should be -- this should partially offset the impact of lower year-over-year
product prices. Our full year net cash provided by operating activities was approximately $1.5 billion, and
free cash flow was $915 million.

In 2019, we continued to deploy capital in line with our long-standing priorities. We redeemed $750
million in debt, lowering our gross debt to $4 billion. We returned $265 million to shareholders through
dividends, and we repurchased 7.6 million shares for $337 million. As a result, cash and cash equivalents
on the balance sheet at the end of the year were $287 million. This is in line with our stated target of
$300 million to $500 million of cash on the balance sheet. Given our significantly reduced fixed charges
and our undrawn $750 million revolver, we believe this provides the liquidity we need to run the business
through this cycle.

Looking ahead to 2020, we will continue to pursue the balanced approach we have taken to manage
the company, prudently allocate capital and return to investment grade. This includes increasing
shareholder participation in our underlying business. Since the end of 2017, we have increased
shareholder participation by nearly 10% through growth initiatives and repurchasing nearly 8% of our
outstanding shares, as you can see on Slide 12. Given the current share price and our strong free cash
flow generation, we believe our shares are the most attractive investment in our industry.

Returning to investment grade also remains a priority. We entered the year with greatly improved credit
metrics and financial flexibility compared to just a couple of years ago. Since the beginning of 2017,
we have lowered our debt by $1.85 billion and have reduced our fixed charges by approximately $190
million on an annual basis. We are committed to redeeming the remaining $250 million of our 2021
senior secured notes on or before the maturity date. We believe this will further strengthen our case
for investment-grade. We will also achieve our goal of a strong and flexible balance sheet that is well
positioned for the future.

With that, Tony will provide some closing remarks before we open up the call to Q&A.

W. Anthony Will
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Chris. Before we move on to your questions, I want to thank everyone at CF for their great work
throughout 2019. Their focus on safety, operating reliability and delivering for our customers continues to
drive our success as a company.

As you've heard from Bert and Chris, lower global energy costs have pressured product prices in both Q4
of 2019 and Q1 of 2020 compared to the prior year periods, and we expect this trend to continue through
the first half of the year despite the expected increase in corn acres. The impact of lower year-over-year
product prices should be partially offset by lower gas costs, but our results are much more sensitive to
movements in product prices than they are to movements in gas costs, as you can see on Slide 13.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

So as we sit here today, in the early part of 2020, with most of the year still to play for and understanding
the highly volatile and sometimes unpredictable nature of global commodity prices, we would expect
that full year 2020 EBITDA would fall somewhere within the range of our 2018 and 2019 results, but
our focus is on free cash flow rather than EBITDA. And as a reminder, in both 2018 and in 2019, we
generated over $900 million in free cash flow. So given that, we would expect to continue executing
on our capital deployment priorities of regaining investment grade while continuing our share buyback
program, investing in the most attractive shares in the industry.

Longer term, our company remains among the best positioned in the world. Our structural advantages are
clear. We produce the only nondiscretionary nutrient, nitrogen. We have access to low-cost North American
natural gas, and we operate in import-dependent regions. We believe these advantages will continue to
drive strong free cash flow generation through the cycle and enable us to build on our track record of
creating superior long-term shareholder value compared to our competitors.
With that, operator, we will now open the call to your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Christopher Parkinson of Crédit Suisse.

Christopher S. Parkinson
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Regarding the UAN market, can you just talk about the evolution of global trade flows and how you see
them kind of moving in 2020, including out of the U.S. and then also the progress you've made in Latin
America regarding your market development efforts? And if you could hit on that as well as just the U.S.'s
net position from your perspective, it would be greatly appreciated.

Bert A. Frost
Senior Vice President of Sales, Market Development & Supply Chain

The UAN market has been growing. We believe that it is a very good product due to its flexibility and
adaptability and blendability, and we're seeing that growth taking place in South America, as you
mentioned. So the changes that have taken place to the global market are the recent UAN European Union
sanctions that came in place at the tail end of 2019.

Last year, we exported -- we continued to export into Europe. And this year, I don't think we will, and
that has really blocked a lot of the Russian or most of the Russian product as well as Trinidadian. We
don't believe that this is a fair nor just nor correct result, and we think that there'll be some issues and
contentions and disputes regarding what the decision was. But what that has caused is a disruption in the
flows. And so our position is that it takes a while for those flows to rebalance for different companies to
make different products and to develop different markets.

We've been focused on that end of the situation, developing different markets since we brought up the
production in 2000 -- or before we brought up the production in 2017. So we've been working in South
America as well as what we were shipping in Europe. And our growth markets have been Argentina, Brazil,
Colombia, Mexico, Chile, shipping to all those. And not much of that existed outside of Argentina 5 years
ago. And we project that, that will be a 1-million ton market in 2020 and growing every year from there
on out.

When you look at UAN as a balanced product to CF's portfolio -- well, we start with ammonia then we
make different subproducts. And so what we've been able to do because of the decisions we made in
construction -- constructing the new facilities was we had tremendous flexibility of maximizing urea or
UAN or subproducts like DEF and nitric acid, and we are utilizing those capabilities today and producing
less UAN. So you've seen a reflection of CF bringing less UAN into the market, rebalancing our customer
portfolio, pursuing more business on the East and West Coasts, developing some new terminals in interior
as well as what I just explained in South America.

So we're -- we feel like we're well prepared. You're going to see us continue to execute and focus on
growth and opportunities, and we believe that UAN is a very good product. And on a price differential,
where it's under urea today, we believe that, over time, we'll rebalance and be equal to or greater than
urea.

Operator

Our next question comes from Stephen Byrne of Bank of America.

Steve Byrne
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Yes. Just maybe continuing on this topic, Bert. When you look out at the spring demand in the U.S., you
look at, say, channel inventories, you look at the lineup of imports coming into the U.S. Do you see the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

potential that urea in the spring could get short? And conversely, do you expect UAN to remain long? And
how have your outlooks for these products affected your forward sales book for these products?

Bert A. Frost
Senior Vice President of Sales, Market Development & Supply Chain

And so I'm always optimistic, but I always play a defensive game, and that's preparing for eventualities
and not to put the company in a negative position. So it's a combination of what you just explained.
Channel inventories, we think, are adequate, especially for the first round as products starts moving to the
ground.

But when you look at what we've -- what has happened with ammonia, ammonia being the building block,
not only of producing the upgraded products, but to the farm community, ammonia has always been a
baseload for the I states as well as Nebraska and some of the outlying states. And that has generally been
about a 4-million ton product per year, moves through our terminals and the other providers' terminals.
We had a poor fall ammonia season, so that N needs to transition to spring. And so we're projecting to
have a healthy demand for ammonia, around that 4-million ton range; urea, around 11 million to 12
million tons; UAN, exceeding 15 million tons. And so for a global market, North America is 3/4 of UAN
demand today, right around that number.

And so looking at what has come in, we have received too much UAN into the market, and that's reflected
in pricing, especially on some of the coastal markets. And so what do we need to balance? Well, we've
added capacity and others have added domestic capacity. And so there's probably about a 2-million ton
requirement of UAN imports, and we're probably a little bit over that. And again, that's reflected in pricing.

Urea, we're importing 4 million to 5 million tons. And if you look at what's been brought in to date and
what's in the lineup, we still have substantial needs to meet, and we're preparing for that demand to
materialize with our interior storage and production and positioning product. And so we have a good order
book on, and we're going to continue to build on that order book and have product in place for that second
round and third round when people need just-in-time inventory. So our outlook is positive for the spring,
especially for the interior.

Operator

Our next question comes from John Roberts of UBS.

John Ezekiel E. Roberts
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Could we get your thoughts on the new Gulf Coast ammonia project and what that may mean for
reinvestment economics? Do you consider that kind of a one-off situation or the sign that we're -- we
might see some future expansion from the industry more broadly?

Bert A. Frost
Senior Vice President of Sales, Market Development & Supply Chain

Yes. My perspective is that if you're air products, this is a great project because they get to get better
utilization of their existing hydrogen production along the pipeline to get to expand their pipeline and build
a new SCR. And as long as you've got a credit-worthy offtaker, you can get very good returns on that kind
of business. So I can absolutely understand why your products wants to do it.

I think if you are the back-end of the ammonia process, it's less clear as to this project to actually makes
sense. And our understanding is the sponsors, who are the offtakers from air products, suggest that they
need a dramatic increase in ammonia pricing, kind of getting Tampa up north of $350 per ton in order to
make a reasonable rate of return on that kind of project. And today, Tampa isn't anywhere close to that
number.

So my hope is that they actually earn a great return on that project because that would suggest that the
rest of our business is coming along really well, but it's a bet on the come. And based on where global
energy prices are and the amount of ammonia production is in the world, it's hard to see that. But that's

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

certainly not a bet that I would be making today, and it's hard for me to believe that there's a lot of people
stepping up in line to double down on that.

Operator

Our next question comes from Don Carson of Susquehanna Financial.

Donald David Carson
Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division

Yes. Bert, just trying to get a sense of how much of the fall ammonia application season we missed and
what the implications are for additional demand this spring? How much do growers have to make up? How
much do you think they'll make up in ammonia versus urea or UAN?

Bert A. Frost
Senior Vice President of Sales, Market Development & Supply Chain

Yes. Looking at the fall of '19 compared to the fall of '18, in the fall of '18, we had a wonderful run in
Canada, in the northern tier, weaker in the southern tier. In '19, it was kind of weak everywhere. The
north never got started -- Canada, North Dakota, in that area, Minnesota, just due to cold wet and then
snow. And that was delayed in the south, but then we had a warming trend in December and got some
loads out in the southern Illinois area. So really, throughout most of the Midwest, Iowa is okay.

What we expect is that for a precise number. I would say, several hundred thousand tons need to move
into spring, and probably that will be made up with upgraded products. We're expecting a normal spring
for ammonia, which we didn't have in '19. And where product is priced today, urea is a little bit higher,
and UAN is a bit of a value right now as well as ammonia. So it's going to be interesting to see what
value plays, what tradition plays, what practices farmers will apply in 2019, and that's why our balanced
approach seems to work pretty well.

Operator

Our next question comes from Joel Jackson of BMO Capital Markets.

Joel Jackson
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

I had a question with some of your price realizations for urea and UAN. The last 4 or 5 quarters, you've
achieved really good price premiums to somewhat arbitrate NOLA benchmarks. In '17 and '18, you,
especially for UAN, what you're realizing versus the NOLA benchmark was kind of flipping up and down
between a premium and a discount. This goes back to maybe some of the numbers you would have seen a
few years ago. So I guess I wanted to ask, is there something going on that -- in terms of your book and
the market that -- and for an export dynamic that lets you now achieve sort of a better premium than --
sorry, good consistent premiums to these benchmarks? Or maybe help me understand the dynamic?

Bert A. Frost
Senior Vice President of Sales, Market Development & Supply Chain

Yes, Joel. I mean my flippant response would be the team. And -- but I actually want to give credit to
the team. We've -- over the years, have built an internal team of talent and diverse talent and with an
effort towards utilizing different skills and languages and experiences, and that takes time. And we've
put some people in some positions that have really done a great job. And I like the way our incentive
program works, where we, as a team, everybody works towards the same goal, which is the betterment of
CF Industries. So we're all rowing in the same direction. That really helps with focus on -- if urea or UAN,
those product leaders are more focused on what's better for CF. We have that conversation every day.

The other issue is the river. And there have been logistical issues, which we identified early or have been
able to capitalize on later because of our distribution system and unique logistical assets. And so it helps
to put the company in that position as we prepared it in the past. And then -- so what we're seeing is
we have differentiated production in Canada and Northern Iowa as well as the Donaldsonville, so that we

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

have arbitraged exports against imports. And when that is advantageous to the company, we've chosen to
export. So a combination of all those factors have put us in a good spot.

Operator

Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley.

Jeremy Noah Rosenberg
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Hey, guys, this is Jeremy Rosenberg on for Vincent. I just want to ask 1 on China. Just thinking about
all the headlines we've been seeing on the coronavirus. I want to get your thoughts on -- if that could
potentially weaken domestic urea demand in China and free up even more tons for export? I know I saw
your export expectations were brought up from 1 million to 3 million tons to 2 million to 3 million tons, but
just thoughts on coronavirus there?

Bert A. Frost
Senior Vice President of Sales, Market Development & Supply Chain

So the impact, as we see it, is unfolding. What was announced yesterday with the additional deaths and
disclosures is scary because it's probably spread farther, further and deeper than we're understanding. So
what is the impact of that? It's the ability to operate the demands today that are being made to please
show up to work from the Chinese government for your national duty is troubling when you're risking
potential injury to you or your family members.

So our take on the virus today -- its impact is on logistics and production. Will the mines open their short
coal today? And inventory levels from our reports are at low levels. And so the ability to move and to keep
that moving -- and then that extends into feed and just-in-time deliveries of feed for protein growth. And
so the potential as you unravel this thing, where does urea shipments-to-exports rank in the pantheon of
needs is probably not very high.

And so I think it's going to be not much urea comes out of the Hubei province, it's more phosphate. So
I think the first price differential will be on phosphates because of limited exports when China has been
the marginal producer in that area. But overall, we're predicting fewer exports out of China anyway, and
this will just further exacerbate that situation. And that's why we're more comfortable and confident with
the tightening of the market. China was the marginal producer and more tons did come out than we had
expected in 2019. We don't see that repeating in 2020.

W. Anthony Will
President, CEO & Director

Yes, I completely agree. I think, if anything, this is going to be a negative impact on supply from --
coming out of China as opposed to negatively impacting demand. Because on the demand side, people are
still going to eat. So -- and as Bert says, whether it's coalmines or urea plants, those are the places where
I think you're going to see a reduction in labor hours. So we would expect it to be kind of -- nothing like
this is ever a net positive. But from a humanity perspective, but relative to urea supply, it probably will
tighten it up.

Bert A. Frost
Senior Vice President of Sales, Market Development & Supply Chain

And I'd say we're positive in protein exports to China and then positive to feed grains and oil seeds from
the United States and Brazil. So it's going to be -- again, the thing has to unfold, but those are the areas
that I would see needs materializing from China.

Operator

Our next question comes from Mark Connelly of Stephens.

Mark William Connelly
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

We've seen some increases in freight rates in a number of markets. I'm curious if that's having any
impact, or if you expect it to have impact on where urea products are going, whether it's yours or
somebody else's?

Bert A. Frost
Senior Vice President of Sales, Market Development & Supply Chain

Yes. The IMO impact is being felt. And you're right, there were some increases. We saw more substantial
increases in the liquid rates coming out of NOLA as we looked at some exports to South America at the
turn of the year. And then that, we believe, will have further costs. So we think the net benefit, because
we're such a domestic producer, is increased costs for those coming to the United States. And so is that a
$10, $20? We've seen some substantial bids in the short term. Does that balance out longer term? But I
think it will add structural costs, and that would add to our cost curve for those bringing tons into NOLA or
the -- either West or East Coasts. So for us, it's a net positive.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jonas Oxgaard of Bernstein.

Jonas I. Oxgaard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Looks like natural gas prices in North America are now at borderline -- absurdly low levels. Is there any
thoughts about trying to lock in these kind of low rates long term? Or are you continuing to do spot?
What's the strategy?

Bert A. Frost
Senior Vice President of Sales, Market Development & Supply Chain

Yes. No, good question. Where gas is traded today is about $1.85. It's been as low as $1.76 at Henry Hub.
The basis way to CF, it's even lower. So it's a very nice place to be, and we're very thankful for being a
North American producer locking in North American gas.

But you're right. The question is, do you lock in? Or do you play it -- the daily or a combination thereof?
And that's what we have chosen to do is to play a combination. There's a time period during the year
where risk mitigation is the responsibility of the natural gas procurement team, and that's winter.
November, December, January, February, and sometimes into March, we have cold weather and high
demand, and you're pulling gas from the storage cavities that are placed throughout the United States.
Then sometimes basis blows out, like we've seen in these polar vortex years, where it could be $50 to
$100 over the spot price.

And so a combination of protecting the company is prudent, but a combination of realizing that there --
excess gas availability and limited places for it to go until pipelines get built out or increased demand in
power generation or LNG exports materialize. Net-net, we're at the positive end of that curve. And so
you've seen us achieve better realized values than the market has predicted, and that's because we played
a balanced game of how we acquire that gas for the company. I can't...

W. Anthony Will
President, CEO & Director

But I think, as we sit here today, Jonas, we're getting close to the end of winter, although it's snowing in
Chicago. But as you look at the number of cold days left, with -- it's been a mild winter. Storage levels
have increased. Gas production has -- continues to be very high. In our view, there's probably a price
pressure coming instead of this is the low point. And so we're -- we are very positive in terms of buying
daily or month ahead as opposed to taking long-term lock positions.

The other issue, though, is in terms of the forward curve, you can't lock 2 years out or 3 years out at
today's values because the curve starts increasing. And so that's why, as Bert said, there's a bit of a mixed
bag in terms of how you approach it. But structurally, we're very optimistic about low gas costs through
the balance of the year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Bert A. Frost
Senior Vice President of Sales, Market Development & Supply Chain

What I do like is the forward spread to Europe and to Asia on the NBP and JKM. If you look at that, we
expand out to a $2 to $3 spread just based on forwards for each of the markets. That's -- again, when
you throw in the previous question on freight rates, puts us at a very good cost position for the western
markets, being North America and South America, and positions us well for the future.

Operator

Our next question comes from P.J. Juvekar of Citi.

P.J. Juvekar
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

So you mentioned lower energy prices incented nitrogen production last year. As we start 2020, it seems
like energy prices are even lower. What does that mean for global production this year? And then I just
want to make sure I heard you right. I think, Bert, you said that you expect more imports of grains and
pork into China as a result of this virus outbreak. I just want to make sure I heard that right.

Bert A. Frost
Senior Vice President of Sales, Market Development & Supply Chain

So the question was speculation, and so the answer was, I think, a line of potential outcomes. And a
potential outcome clearly would be increased -- because the question was if urea production is unable to
produce at the rate that they need and then move that into the market as they're entering their spring
peak demand, which is about now, that would be a yield impact of corn, wheat and vegetables and fruits,
therefore, the need would be to augment or replace that value -- carbohydrate value and protein value
with imports. That's where I was going with the thinking.

Regarding your question on -- yes, increased N production happened as well as increased output and
exports in that export curve, but as a combination or a reflection of higher prices. As we enter 2019, the
NOLA price was $275. As we enter 2020, it was $220 for urea. The Chinese tons that came out and went
to India at 1 tender averaged $280 a ton metric FOB. The next tender was $260 a metric ton FOB.

So energy prices were lower and product prices were higher. And guess what happened? Over time,
product prices fell to a level that doesn't make it attractive enough, we believe, for some of those
extraneous or excess tons to make it in the market. Therefore, a correction takes place and a slowdown,
which we're seeing in production. China has run based on, let's say, 78 million tons of static capacity, has
run between 55% and 70%.

And that's how we get to our numbers of what was produced, exported and consumed internally. And that,
and some other questions, I think, with like Brazil, the Petrobras plant shutting down, and some others
that are experiencing higher gas values and an inability to bring in this low-value LNG, will correct the
market. And so I just think that's where we're going to be and where our expectations to trade at higher
values as we progress year-on-year.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Piken of Cleveland Research.

Michael Leith Piken
Cleveland Research Company

I just wanted to talk a little bit about your strategy on UAN here in the U.S. And I know you had the initial
summer fill program, and you had a recent fill program. Maybe you could talk to us about kind of how
that program sort of reached your expectations and how you sort of balanced the needs of some of your
customers and making sure they're not underwater versus the need to keep imports out? I know it's
always a tricky balance.

Bert A. Frost

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Senior Vice President of Sales, Market Development & Supply Chain

Yes. We are a North American participant. A large 90-plus percent of our volume is directed, focused
and attended to this market. And we do participate in the export market, and we've built some great
relationships. But we utilize that as arbitrage when the value is attractive or timing is attractive, for
example, when we're in a low-demand period in some of those places or in higher-demand periods.

So our UAN strategy is and has been focused on the United States. However, in previous years, before our
capacity expansion, there are areas due to logistical difficulties, we had -- we weren't able to reach. And
so we added capacity. We have rebalanced our system and then have worked with some of our logistics
providers to access some of those markets, and then started targeting places where we should participate.
And we're adding some tanks in California, converting some tanks in other areas that are already owned,
leasing some tanks in other areas where we think we should be participating.

And Cincinnati is a good example. We were not active in Cincinnati. Today, we're -- it's several hundred
thousand tons for CF, a very good market. We will continue to grow in areas like that, utilizing our
domestically produced tons where we're logistically favored, and then the remainder is what we'll export.
So we feel pretty good about that.

We work with our customers. We have extensive customer list from a few hundred tons per year to 1
million tons per year. And you're right, that conversation is we want our customers to make money. They
need to make money, and that's because the business that they're in is serving the farmer. We serve the
wholesaler, the retailer, the co-ops that serve those farmers.

And so that's a combination of conversation and understanding where they are and what farmer
economics are to make sure our products are appropriately priced and generally against imports. That
is our competitor. And the position -- and then our marginal ton in some of the coastal markets we're
competing directly with, Russian and Trinidadian production, we'll continue to do that.

Operator

Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs.

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Yes. Maybe continuing in UAN and in slightly different light. And Bert, Tony, I was hoping to get your
thoughts on the UAN cost curve, I mean, it's obviously a different focus. Trinidad, U.S., Russia are the
principal producers. With NOLA prices kind of where they are in the $110 to $120 range, are some of
those producers now underwater? I mean how do we think about capacity rationalization there that might
be getting forced at these price levels and/or, just on the other side, the demand response domestically of
UAN trading at such a big discount to urea? I'm just trying to think about how this price disparity kind of
closes over time.

W. Anthony Will
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean, I think -- Adam, I'll give you sort of my quick take, and then I'll throw it over to Bert for
the real answer. But my view on this one is the companies that are -- or the region that is probably the
most at risk from an economic standpoint, I think, is going to be Trinidad because most of the favorable
Caribbean gas-indexed contracts are kind of rolling off or have rolled off and the renegotiation with NGC
has happened at higher price levels. You've seen a couple of plants on the island actually close as a result
of not being competitive anymore. And given that Europe is no longer really a destination option for that
production, I think that puts a pretty big challenge on those plants.

Relative to Russian production and in the U.S., we're still fine. If you look at UAN, the margin structure is
still, well, superior to that of ammonia. And on a dollar per nutrient ton, it's still a very attractive product
for us to make relative to having excess ammonia. The -- I think anyone, though, that has an ability and
flexibility in their system to upgrade into different product types, like we do, into producing more urea,
urea liquor, DEF and nitric acid and not making UAN, that turns out to be a great margin opportunity for
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

us. And I think some of the Russian producers are making more AN and doing some other things with
upgraded products as well.

So our view is the -- over the longer term, I think you're right, given where values are today to a farmer,
you might see incremental growth in terms of switching toward UAN in the near term over the longer-term
because it is a more capital-intensive process to make UAN than it is urea. You've got to earn a fair rate of
return on that incremental capital, otherwise, people stop investing in it.

And so we would expect margins to kind of -- once you get through the trade flow rebalance to get back
to, as Bert said earlier, kind of net neutral between UAN and urea or even positive UAN. So I think this is
kind of like what we saw in '16 and '17, where the new capacity came on and it took 1 year or 2 to -- for
trade flows to rebalance and for us to really kind of get our sea legs under us. And the same thing is going
on right now globally with UAN in the European anti-dumping situation. Bert?

Bert A. Frost
Senior Vice President of Sales, Market Development & Supply Chain

Yes. No, I think it's good.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ben Isaacson of Scotiabank.

Ziad Saada
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

This is Ziad on for Ben. Just maybe dragging back to the inventories you were talking about earlier, I
believe you were describing them as like adequate inventory levels now and how the system kind of
demands about 4 million tons of ammonia. Could you talk maybe a little bit about what those inventory
levels are specific to that in light of the weak application season specific to ammonia, where farmers have
been consuming other end products to kind of make up for that?

W. Anthony Will
President, CEO & Director

Well, the ammonia system from an inventory standpoint is there's a cap on it because it's really sitting, for
the most part, with 3 major producers. Coke, Nutrien and CF are the ones that have the cryogenic storage
tanks or terminals in-market. And while there's some storage at plant locations, generally speaking, it's
not more than 50,000 or 100,000 tons.

And so the vast majority of the inventory sits with the 3 producers, and there's a limit in terms of what
that looks like. So in order to get the 4 million tons out, you actually need relatively -- given a weak fall,
you need to be able to resupply some of those tanks. So if you end up in a situation where weather is not
cooperating in terms of being able to dump the tank and then resupply it and get more than 1 turn in the
spring, it's going to push farmers toward upgraded products simply because you can't get the amount of
nutrients that you need to -- from the ammonia system.

That said, given the weak fall, we think the tank situation is relatively full and ready to go. So I think in
terms of whether you get to the 4 million tons is really dependent upon kind of how early the fields open
up to begin ammonia application and how long that lasts for. And if you have a situation like we had last
spring, you're not going to see anywhere close to 4 million tons go down.

Bert A. Frost
Senior Vice President of Sales, Market Development & Supply Chain

And when you look at the -- how that system is balanced, it's in a combination with your -- our and
others' industrial customers and those that have a ratable 360-day demand. And we supply that as well
as exports. So we've been exporting and then rebalancing the system through shipments to our terminals
or our plants, and that gives a benefit -- or we had the benefit of our logistical options. We have the
ammonia barges. We have the ammonia pipeline. We have our own railcars, and we lease or work with our

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

truck providers to move that product. So we feel very good about whatever will take place in the spring
that we'll be ready.

Operator

Our next question comes from Andrew Wong of RBC Capital Markets.

Andrew D. Wong
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

So with investor interest in ESG picking up a lot over the last couple of years, can you just maybe
highlight what CF can do or maybe has already done to raise its profile in that area?

W. Anthony Will
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean, I think from an ESG perspective, there's 4 or 5 plants here that we're focused on. The first is
that nitrogen is actually a product that is very beneficial to, from a global perspective, carbon emissions.
And the reason for that is, even though agriculture, sort of, it depends upon which agency you look at, is
estimated somewhere between 25% and 30% of -- responsible for 25% to 30% of aggregate greenhouse
gas emissions, the vast majority of that comes from land use. And so as you are cutting down carbon
sequestering for us in order to cultivate those acres, you're releasing a lot of carbon and you furthermore
don't have the mechanism to further sequester carbon going forward.

And so the use of nitrogen allows you to increase crop density and increase yield per acre, which means
that, in order to feed the world's population, you need less acres in use. And net-net, the world is a much
lower-carbon footprint by producing and using nitrogen than you are not producing nitrogen and cutting
down trees in order to feed the growing population. So that's #1, which is actually our product on a net
basis is beneficial instead of negative.

The second issue is, particularly with our new plants, we're among the lowest carbon-intensity producer
globally. And with our plants turning on, you've got Chinese coal-based plants that shut down and that,
again, is sort of good from a global perspective. So I think this is one of those questions you have to ask
writ large instead of very locally.

Now in addition to that, we're very focused on responsible use of the product and have invested heavily
in kind of the 4-hour plus program, which is teaching farmers best management practices to both reduce
nitrogen loss to the environment but also reduce volatilization in a way that creates nitrous oxide or other
emissions that are high from a carbon-intensity perspective.

And then finally, we are investing in our asset base in order to further reduce what our footprint looks like
on a sort of act locally kind of basis. And so I think if you look across all of those things that we're doing,
we have an exemplary, yes, ESG standpoint. And we're reporting on a comprehensive GRI basis from
a transparency and disclosure perspective. We're one of a very few number of companies that actually
reports on the GRI index on a comprehensive basis instead of just on a spot or line item basis. So we feel
very good about our ESG profile.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas of JPMorgan.

Jeffrey John Zekauskas
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Since the beginning of the year, the price of Brent has gone from, I don't know, $68 a barrel to $54. How
much of a difference do you think that makes to the global nitrogen fertilizer cost curve? And secondly,
in the fourth quarter of 2019, there were very large imports of urea into India. And how do you see India
urea imports in the first half of 2020 and for the year versus the year ago period?

W. Anthony Will
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Jeff, let me handle the first part of the question, and I'll throw it over to Bert to deal with India, which is,
as you think about Brent coming down, there's no doubt that anyone that's receiving oil indexed-based
LNG or gas is in a more favorable position today than they were a year ago.

That said, the real marginal production costs globally is still Chinese anthracite coal. And Brent price does
not really affect the Chinese anthracite coal price directly. And in fact, as Bert indicated, whether it's
coronavirus or other things going on, you've seen actual coal price strengthen a little bit. So the high end
of the cost curve has gone up or stayed flat relative to what looks like a bit of a windfall for some other
people in more third or early fourth quartile. So it's not really affecting global pricing today, the fact that
Brent has come down. Bert, you want to deal with the Indian situation?

Bert A. Frost
Senior Vice President of Sales, Market Development & Supply Chain

Sure. So with India surprised to the upside, importing close to 10 million tons, when you include the
OMIFCO tons, so almost a 30% increase over the previous year. Production stayed relatively flat, about
a 2% to 3% increase, and stocks are a little bit higher so a healthy consumption base, good monsoon
seasons and then good demand. Big country, and they've got to feed themselves.

And some exciting things are taking place in India with the Modi government regarding investments,
infrastructure and in terms of an educated population, a growing population. So when I look at -- we look
at, going forward, we expect another tender, probably in late March, early April and kind of running on
the same pattern, whether being equal of continued import and being the largest importing country in the
world.

There are 2 plants that are set to come onstream at the -- kind of this year, early next year. And generally,
those plants have been late. And then there have been issues with feedstock supplies, and so not sure
when that overall production will come on. But there are some old -- especially the naphtha-based plants,
are suspect. And so even with the increased production in 2019 -- or run rates, they have been fairly
stable in their production, really, over the last 5 to 8 years.

And so we see good things. And we've mentioned both India and Brazil in our prepared remarks on -- in
terms of growth, growth of demand and not necessarily too much of an increase in supply.

W. Anthony Will
President, CEO & Director

Yes, the one thing with respect to that is, despite new production coming on in India that -- Bert
mentioned this earlier, you saw aggregate production within India remain relatively flat. And so that
means, whether it's because of production problems that the older plants or just the fact that they're not
economic to run them relative to being importing, you haven't seen this negatively impact India's imports.
And so that, I think, is a very optimistic time around global S&D balance going forward.

Operator

Our next question comes from Chris Willis of Exothermic Global.

Christopher Willis; Exothermic Global;Principal

I was just curious with the length in the market, and I recognize there's a pretty big spring, potentially, in
the offing. Why wouldn't you just cut back some ammonia production, maybe idle some production in the
fall and idle -- throttle back a little bit in some of your derivative products just to tighten things up a bit
as we move into the spring? And I'm just wondering about the -- what was the rationale behind doing a
tender in the UAN market?

W. Anthony Will
President, CEO & Director

Chris, I'll handle the first one on the production side, and then I'll let Bert talk about our UAN programs.
We're among the lowest absolute cost producer globally. And so our assets should be the last ones to turn

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

off, not the first. And there is enough production out there on a global basis that, if we were to curtail, I
wouldn't expect that to move the market a bit because there's sufficient supply elsewhere in the world.

And so our business model is all around asset utilization. Our uptime and production efficiency and
onstream factor is among the highest in the world and, certainly, the highest in the U.S. And because
we're able to achieve those kind of levels, we basically get kind of the equivalent of an additional ammonia
plant worth of production compared to the asset utilization rates that our North American competitors are
able to achieve. So that's a huge competitive advantage when you think about the capital that goes into it.

And even at the low prices that we're seeing out there for ammonia, it's still a very attractive product from
a margin standpoint for us. And again, we're -- we would be kind of the last producer to shut down, not
the first. And on a full year basis, last year, we still generated 21% gross margin in our ammonia segment,
which is pretty remarkable that -- in a lot of businesses that talk about that being a depressing situation,
for an industrial business to achieve 21% gross margin for the full year is pretty outstanding result.

Bert A. Frost
Senior Vice President of Sales, Market Development & Supply Chain

Regarding to the UAN tender, we are always seeking ways to effectively communicate with our customers
different messages and treating our customers equally. And so there are times when some people are
willing and ready to buy and want to. And so announcing a tender where we have a specific period where
we're receiving quotes or offers, and we go through that then select what's attractive with kind of a
price point in mind, allows us to have a conversation directly with customers as small as several hundred
tons and up to several thousand or even larger than that. And so we've utilized that now for the second
time at different points, and it's, I think, a unique forum to have that conversation that sparks further
conversations.

This isn't a static market. Because we're a commodity that is used to make a commodity, but we're buying
it. But you have all these interactions as well as logistical interactions, and time and values are different
at different times. And that's why we want to interact as much as possible and have that dialogue to make
sure we're positioning our company correctly.

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, that is all the time we have for questions for today. I would like to turn the call
back to Martin Jarosick for closing remarks.

Martin A. Jarosick
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We look forward to your follow-up calls and seeing you at the
upcoming conferences.

Operator
This concludes today's presentation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

