C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. 

NasdaqGS:CHRW
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, January 27, 2021 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.98

1.08

10.20

1.00

3.61

3.72

3.05

4.27

4192.10

4549.45

8.52

4165.70

15841.04

16207.11

2.31

18029.91

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-27-2021 6:02 AM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.69

0.61

0.98

0.98

0.57

1.06

1.00

1.08

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

SURPRISE

(17.39 %)

73.77 %

2.04 %

10.20 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Charles S. Ives
Director of Investor Relations

Michael Paul Zechmeister
Chief Financial Officer

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO, President & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Fourth Quarter 2020 Conference
Call. [Operator Instructions] Following today's presentation, Chuck Ives will facilitate a review of
previously submitted questions. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded,
Wednesday, January 27, 2021.

I would now like to turn the conference over to Chuck Ives, Director of Investor Relations.

Charles S. Ives
Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, Donna, and good morning, everyone. On the call with me today is Bob Biesterfeld, our Chief
Executive Officer; and Mike Zechmeister, our Chief Financial Officer. Bob and Mike will provide a summary
of our 2020 fourth quarter results, and we will follow their comments with responses to the pre-submitted
questions that we received after our earnings release yesterday.

Before I turn it over to Bob, I want to update you on a couple of financial statement items that have been
renamed. Beginning with our 2020 fourth quarter results, we have renamed the term, net revenue, to
adjusted gross profit, with no change to the composition of what is included in the metric. We believe the
term, adjusted gross profit, is a better descriptor, given that this non-GAAP metric includes the netting
of significant expenses, such as the cost of purchase transportation and the cost of products sourced
for resale. A GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation is included in both our earnings release and our earnings
presentation.

We also renamed the term, operating margin, to adjusted operating margin, again, with no change to
the composition of what is included in this metric. Adjusted operating margin is calculated by dividing
income from operations by adjusted gross profit. Our earnings presentation slides are supplemental to our
earnings release and today's comments and can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website
at chrobinson.com.

I'd like to remind you that our remarks today may contain forward-looking statements. Slide 2 in today's
presentation lists factors that could cause our actual results to differ from management's expectations.

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Bob.

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Chuck, and good morning, everyone. Our fourth quarter was marked by solid performance
across our broad service portfolio, continued progress on repricing our truckload business to reflect the
changing market conditions and further advancements in our technology and transformation efforts that
are providing meaningful improvements to our business results.

Our Global Forwarding business sustained their strong execution in the fourth quarter. In our Ocean
business, the contracting number of carriers, with meaningful size, continue to value working with a global
freight forwarder with our scale and reputation. And ocean shippers are increasingly coming to Robinson to
meet their capacity needs as other providers fail to do so.

The air market continues to be impacted by reduced cargo capacity. Air charters have evolved into a
sustainable piece of our procurement strategy, and we, again, augmented our capacity in Q4 with charter
flights to support demand from both existing and new customers. As a result, our shipment sizes have
increased and our air tonnage is up year-over-year despite the number of air shipments decreasing.

Shippers continue to rely on Robinson's global supply chain expertise and our data and scale advantages
to ensure critical goods are moved as quickly and as inexpensively as possible. We've bolstered our

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

global forwarding procurement teams by hiring talent around the globe to focus on getting the capacity
and competitive pricing needed regionally in a very volatile market. This, combined with our balanced
portfolio of contractual and spot business, enabled us to optimize our adjusted gross profit per transaction,
resulting in a 40% year-over-year growth in our Q4 Global Forwarding adjusted gross profit.

There are several drivers of our recent growth in Global Forwarding that should continue to contribute
to our long-term growth. While we continue to grow in our historical transatlantic and transpacific lanes,
we've also added new customers in areas such as Europe, Oceania, Latin America and South Asia. This
geographical diversification is important in times of volatility across regional economies and trade policy
uncertainty.

Over the past 5 years, we've been building out our global leadership and commercial teams, bringing on
new talent to strengthen our customer relationships and ensuring that we have the necessary training and
development in place for that talent. We'll continue to build out our commercial and strategic sales teams
across regions to support emerging vertical strategies and creating sustained high-value revenue streams.

We've also created a more centralized global pricing framework, that, combined with an increased use of
data and analytics, is enabling us to deploy the right pricing strategies in a format that's more consistent
and easily consumed by our customers.

And lastly, our enterprise portfolio, that allows us to offer end-to-end solutions for our customers, is
unique to the logistics industry. We believe these strategies and competitive advantages will enable us to
create more value for our customers, win more business and sustain the market share gains that we've
achieved.

Turning now to our NAST business. The global pandemic has had an outsized impact on our small business
partners in 2020. A nearly 12% decline in our customer count during 2020 was driven almost exclusively
by small and emerging market customers. Likewise, a greater than 6% decline in our active carrier count
in 2020 occurred solely in the small carrier category, and we believe that this is reflecting carriers exiting
the marketplace.

Against this backdrop, we were very pleased to add 4,100 new carriers to our network during the fourth
quarter, which represented an 11.5% increase year-over-year. As we entered fourth quarter, the North
American Surface Transportation market was experiencing substantial capacity tightness. This was
evidenced by a routing guide depth in our Managed Services business that rose to 1.8 by the end of
third quarter, which was a level that we haven't seen since mid-2018. This capacity tightness continued
throughout the fourth quarter as well, with average routing guide depth remaining at 1.8 in each month
of fourth quarter, and contractual routing guides continuing to operate with first tender acceptance levels
that were well below normal.

By reevaluating our contractual truckload portfolio throughout the quarter, we reduced our percentage of
truckload volumes with negative margins. Our targeted and strategic approach included repricing some
business to reflect the rising cost environment, exiting other business that did not show a clear path
to acceptable profitability, and honoring contractual commitments while strengthening our long-term
relationships to our customers.

We captured more spot market opportunities in the fourth quarter, resulting in an approximate mix of 55%
contractual and 45% transactional volume versus a 70-30 mix in the year-ago period. This shift is not
atypical in a rising price and cost environment, and our efforts to automate how we tackle the spot market
opportunities has had a positive impact as well.

With double-digit growth in spot market shipments and very strong volume growth in our LTL business,
NAST overall volume grew 8.5% year-over-year, excluding Prime Distribution volume. This outpaced
industry volume growth in Q4 of approximately 4% as measured by the Cass Freight Index. And this
represented our eighth consecutive quarter of market share gains in NAST.

Due to continued tightness in capacity, the cost of purchase transportation continues to remain elevated.
In the overall market, we observed third-party benchmarks indicating that fourth quarter spot market
costs were up approximately 44% compared to Q4 of last year. Our average truckload linehaul cost per

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

mile paid to contract carriers, excluding fuel surcharges, increased 32.5% compared to the fourth quarter
of last year. And sequentially, our cost per mile increased 14% in Q4.

Our average line haul rate billed to our customers, excluding fuel surcharge, increased 29% compared to
the fourth quarter of last year. We made further progress in fourth quarter on repricing our contractual
truckload business to reflect the rising cost environment.

In the fourth quarter, average line haul rate per mile billed to our customers, excluding fuel surcharges,
increased 15% sequentially. Consequently, our fourth quarter truckload adjusted gross profit per load
improved approximately 20% sequentially, and also improved sequentially in each month of the fourth
quarter.

Having said this, we also saw instances of shippers implementing shorter bids or mini bids and some
shippers delaying their annual truckload bids. In cases where annual bids have been delayed, we've either
implemented short-term bridge pricing that was amenable to both parties in exchange for extending the
contract or we made decisions on how we manage acceptance of tendered volume.

On last quarter's call, I commented that about 150 of our top 700 truckload accounts, that represent
$1.3 billion in revenues, were scheduled to be repriced in the fourth quarter. However, about 1/3 of those
shippers that planned RFPs representing over $300 million in revenues have delayed their pricing events
until the first quarter of 2021. This resulted in us repricing approximately $1 billion of our business during
fourth quarter. We now estimate that we'll reprice around 145 of our top 700 truckload accounts that
represents approximately $1.6 billion of revenues in the first quarter.

Because of the efforts of our C.H. Robinson team members around the world, we were able to deliver solid
performance across our broad service portfolio, including year-over-year growth in adjusted gross profit in
our Managed Services, our Robinson Fresh and our European Surface Transportation businesses.

Our total company adjusted gross profit per business day improved sequentially in Q4 versus Q3 and grew
year-over-year in each month of the quarter. Continued progress on our strategic technology initiatives
and transformation efforts have resulted in meaningful productivity improvements within our business. A
couple of these key metrics are displayed on Slide 4 in our earnings presentation.

Excluding volume and headcount from our 2020 acquisition of Prime Distribution Services, our productivity
metrics continue to show a significant year-over-year improvement, as indicated by the 2,090 basis
point favorable spread between the year-over-year change in NAST volume and the change in full-time
equivalents in our NAST business.

As we've said in the past, This NAST productivity index is an important metric and a key output of our
technology investments and our transformation efforts. Another way to view our productivity is by looking
at shipments per person per day. And in the second half of 2020, we improved this metric by 26% over
the second half of 2019.

Our tech investments also continued to drive improvements in automation and the number of users on
our platforms. One example of this is a 30% increase in fully automated truckload bookings compared
to the fourth quarter of last year. During the fourth quarter, we had 35,000 unique carriers utilized our
Navisphere Carrier web portal. These carriers executed over 10 million load searches during the quarter.
And 70% of the time, these carriers were presented with an option to automatically book a load related to
their lane search.

We continue to engage with our carriers to build technology that meets their evolving needs. And to
that end, we've enabled 85% of our single-stop non-hazmat dry van freight in the U.S. to be booked
by carriers automatically without any human intervention. The percent of our North American truckload
freight available for automated booking will continue to increase during the first quarter as we had
temperature-controlled freight and other sub modes onto the platform.

With engagement of nearly 200 customers since the launch of our Procure IQ tool in September, we're
experiencing positive early returns. We're yielding more volume growth with customers that have taken

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

advantage of Procure IQ's ability to provide them with tailored recommendations for optimal procurement
and capacity strategies.

And lastly, through our commercial connectivity efforts, we continued to add TMS and ERP connections to
our platform, and we've enabled self-service access and direct digital connectivity to over 90,000 active
customers, with access to our truckload, less than truckload and intermodal services.

As a result of our ability to harness the benefits of our technology investments and our network
transformation, we're on track to achieve our target of removing $100 million of long-term costs by
the middle of 2021. And as we move into 2021, we continue to evaluate our global business operations
to ensure that we're managing our business in the most efficient manner, investing in technology to
unlock growth and efficiency and creating better outcomes for our customers and our carriers by utilizing
our unmatched combination of experience, our global suite of services and our scale and information
advantage.

I'll now turn the call to Mike to review the specifics of our fourth quarter financial performance.

Michael Paul Zechmeister
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Bob, and good morning, everyone. Our fourth quarter total revenues increased by 19.9%
compared to Q4 2019, driven primarily by higher pricing and higher volume across the majority of our
transportation service lines.

Total company adjusted gross profit increased 10.7% in the fourth quarter, primarily due to our Global
Forwarding business delivering a $51 million increase in adjusted gross profit, up 39.6% compared to Q4
of 2019.

As Chuck stated at the beginning of the call, we have renamed the term net revenue to adjusted gross
profit with no change to the composition for what is included in that metric. Within Global Forwarding, in
Q4, our Ocean business had the largest increase in adjusted gross profit, up $39 million or 53% versus Q4
of 2019, driven by higher pricing and higher volume.

On a monthly basis, compared to 2019, our total company adjusted gross profit per business day
was up 8% in October, up 7% in November and up 17% in December. Q4 personnel expenses totaled
$309.3 million, up 3.4% versus Q4 of 2019. Recall that Q4 last year included a reduction in incentive
compensation that aligned with the softer results. Average headcount in Q4 decreased 4.8% compared to
Q4 of 2019, including the Prime acquisition, which added 2 percentage points.

Looking forward, we expect our 2021 personnel expenses to be approximately $1.4 billion based on our
expectation of improved adjusted gross profit in 2021 and the higher incentive compensation aligned with
those results. 2021 personnel expense also includes the impact of our ongoing long-term and short-term
cost savings efforts, including the reinstatement of the company match on retirement contributions in the
U.S. and Canada as of January 1.

Q4 SG&A expenses of $124.5 million were down $18.6 million or 13% compared to Q4 of 2019, primarily
due to continued reductions in travel expenses. We expect our 2021 total SG&A expenses will be
approximately $0.5 billion, with travel expenses building in the back half of 2021 as the impact of the
pandemic subsides. 2021 SG&A is expected to include $85 million to $90 million of depreciation and
amortization, which is down from $102 million in 2020, primarily due to completing the amortization
related to a prior acquisition.

In 2020, we delivered approximately 2/3 of the $100 million per year of long-term or permanent cost
savings. As we indicated on our Q3 earnings call, we expect to deliver the remainder of that $100 million
in long-term savings by mid-2021. For 2021 and beyond, we will continue to deliver long-term cost
savings, primarily through process redesign and automation across the enterprise. One example is
the continued optimization of our real estate footprint across the network, as we expect flexible work
arrangements to become more prominent post-pandemic.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Total fourth quarter operating income was up 51.2% versus Q4 2019, and adjusted operating margin
increased by 870 basis points, primarily due to the increase in adjusted gross profit and our cost reduction
efforts. Fourth quarter interest and other expenses totaled $12 million, up $1.2 million compared to Q4
of 2019. Our Q4 weighted average interest rate was 4.2%, which was flat compared to the Q4 of 2019.
Our other expenses in Q4 also included a $1.1 million gain from currency revaluation compared to a $0.9
million loss in Q4 of 2019.

Our fourth quarter effective tax rate was 24.1% compared to 21.4% in Q4 of 2019. The Q4 rate increase
was primarily due to onetime items related to the tax provision in Mexico, which was favorable in the
fourth quarter of 2019 and unfavorable in the fourth quarter of 2020. We expect our 2021 effective tax
rate to be 20% to 22%, assuming no changes in the federal state or international tax laws.

As a reminder, our first quarter typically has a lower effective tax rate due to tax benefits related to the
delivery of our annual stock-based compensation in Q1. Net income totaled $147.8 million in the fourth
quarter, and diluted earnings per share was $1.08, up 47.9% versus Q4 of 2019.

Turning to cash flow. Q4 cash from operations was approximately $162.1 million compared to $211.6
million in Q4 of 2019. The $49 million decrease in operational cash flow was driven by $112 million
sequential increase in accounts receivable and contract assets compared to Q3. This 4.4% sequential
increase in accounts receivable and contract assets coincided with a 7.7% sequential increase in total
revenue, which was partially offset by a 3.1% sequential decrease in days sales outstanding.

Q4 capital expenditures totaled $13.7 million, bringing our full year 2020 capital spending to $54 million.
We expect our 2021 capital expenditures to be $55 million to $65 million. We continue to prioritize the
highest returning technology initiatives on a risk-adjusted basis, and we remain committed to our $1
billion investment in technology from 2019 to 2023.

We returned approximately $113 million of cash to shareholders in Q4, which consisted almost entirely
of share repurchases. We resumed our opportunistic share repurchase program in Q4 after pausing in Q2
and Q3 of 2020. The $0.51 quarterly dividend that we declared in the fourth quarter was paid on January
4, 2021, rather than in December, which deferred the tax obligation for our shareholders. Over the long
term, we remain committed to our quarterly dividend and opportunistic share repurchase program as
important levers to enhance shareholder value.

Now on to the balance sheet highlights. We finished Q4 with $244 million in cash and cash equivalents,
down $204 million compared to Q4 of 2019. Over the long term, we intend to carry only the cash needed
to fund operations. We also ended Q4 with $1.24 billion of liquidity, comprised of our cash balance and
$1 billion of committed funding under our credit facility, which matures in October of 2023. Given our
liquidity position, we chose not to renew our $250 million accounts receivable securitization agreement
that matured in December.

Our debt balance at quarter end was $1.09 billion, down $142 million versus Q4 last year and included no
variable rate debt and no borrowing on our credit facility. Our gross debt-to-EBITDA leverage at the end of
Q4 was 1.4x, which aligns with our intention to maintain an investment-grade credit rating.

Thank you for listening this morning. I'll turn the call back over to Bob now for his final comments.

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Mike. By all accounts, 2020 was the most unusual and challenging year, but we are emerging
stronger. We expect the trends in improving pricing within NAST to continue.

We're pleased with the growth in our Global Forwarding business, and we believe that we have a
sustainable competitive advantage. The digitization of our business will continue, and we are enabling
more and more of our volume to be transacted in a fully automated manner.

As shippers and carriers continue to increase their adoption of these new platform capabilities, we expect
to see continued productivity benefits as well as growth with both customers and carriers that prefer to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

operate in a truly frictionless environment. Due to several factors, including the shortages in the number
of drivers and available carrier capacity, freight markets remain tight, and we anticipate that this will
continue for much of 2021.

We're committed to creating better outcomes for our customers and our carriers by delivering industry-
leading technology that's built by and for our supply chain experts and by leveraging our global portfolio
of services and our unmatched combination of experience, scale and information advantage to meet their
ever-changing needs.

We're also firmly committed to the key interest of our investors, including profitable market share growth,
investing in technology to unlock both growth and efficiency, while being a responsible corporate citizen
and driving the transformation of C.H. Robinson so that we can continue to deliver industry-leading
margins and enhanced shareholder value.

I'm incredibly proud of the resiliency, the compassion and the dedication that the Robinson team members
around the world have displayed during these unprecedented times, and I thank them for continuing to
drive our company forward, despite the disruptions caused by COVID-19 and for helping our company to
emerge stronger.

That concludes our prepared comments. And with that, I'll turn it back to Donna, so we can answer the
pre-submitted questions.

Operator
Mr. Ives, the floor is yours for the question-and-answer session.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Question and Answer

Charles S. Ives
Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, Donna. First, I would like to thank the many analysts and investors for taking the time to
submit questions after our earnings release yesterday. For today's Q&A session, I will frame up the
question and then turn it over to Bob or Mike for a response.

Our first question is for Bob from Todd Fowler with KeyBanc. Chris Wetherbee from Citi; Jack Atkins from
Stephens; Tom Wadewitz from UBS; and Brandon Oglenski from Barclays, asked similar questions.

How should we think about North American truckload volume growth? Is this a focus for Robinson? Or can
productivity improvements offset more segment volumes driving increased profitability? What is the right
environment for Robinson to increase North American truckload volumes?

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Chuck, and thank you, gentlemen, for the question. So for the year, our truckload volumes in
NAST were basically flat. But our combined volumes, as I said earlier, between both truckload and LTL,
outpaced the rate of growth in the Cass Freight Index in each of the past 8 quarters.

As I've said publicly several times, 2 of our primary initiatives are focused on taking share across all of our
services, certainly inclusive of truckload and improving our operating margins across the business. And
growing profitable North American truckload volume remains a key focus for our team in NAST, and we
feel as confident ever that the strength in our value proposition across the spectrum of our customers that
we serve from the largest, most complex shippers in the world to thousands of main street businesses.
We've also got to be thoughtful about how these 2 goals around growing market share through volume
growth and improving operating margin can sometimes beat odds.

So with costs increasing in the third quarter at 16% versus last year and then increasing over 32% in
fourth quarter, against some contracts that were priced towards the tail end of 2019 in a very different
marketplace, we had to make some intentional decisions throughout the quarter on how we were going to
manage through that environment and evaluate where those critical customers were we needed to honor
commitments and where we're going to seek some pricing relief based on the marketplace and potentially
put some volume at risk.

And in some cases where we couldn't reach and mutually agreed to plans to move forward, we needed to
exit some business if there wasn't a clear path to profitability. I would also say to keep in mind that we
had about $300 million in business that we were expecting to reprice during the fourth quarter that was
subsequently pushed out to the first quarter of this year. In the cases where we agreed the short-term
committed pricing with those customers, the manner in which we calculate spot versus contract, actually
identified these shipments as a spot for the quarter. So we experienced strong growth in the spot market
this quarter, but it wasn't enough to offset some of the declines in our contract portfolio.

In terms of the conversation about productivity, we continue to see a large profitability unlock there. As
we said, the shipments per person per day were up 26% in the back half of the year, and our capabilities
to drive frictionless and automated transactions continue to expand. And our cost to execute a shipment in
that arena is down significantly on a year-over-year basis.

So regardless of where we are in the cycle, our focus continues to be on improving our shipments per
person per day, and lowering our cost basis per transaction through improvements in our process and
automation, while still seeking to gain share.

Charles S. Ives
Director of Investor Relations

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

The next question is from Jack Atkins with Stephens. Todd Fowler with KeyBanc; and Allison Landry from
Credit Suisse, asked similar questions.

Bob, from a bigger picture perspective, what inning do you think you are in, in terms of your digital
transformation? And what are some of the major projects you expect to undertake in 2021?

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO, President & Director

So I guess, in fairness to sports analogies, I used an innings analogy last quarter when talking about the
freight cycle. So maybe this quarter, given that the Super Bowl is right around the corner, I'll use a football
analogy.

When we initially talked about our $1 billion investment in tech, we time box that as 2019 through 2023.
So if you just think about that, we're a couple of years into a 5-year plan. So maybe not quite at half time,
but midway through the second quarter and push them towards the end zone.

Over the past several quarters, we've announced several strategic partnerships with companies like
Microsoft and Intel and most recently, SAS, with each of these partnerships bringing new capabilities to
life in our platform ecosystem. And we've delivered new products like Freightquote by C.H. Robinson and
Procure IQ, and have greatly extended the reach of our platform capabilities through our commercial
connectivity initiatives that connect Navisphere into an industry-leading number of ERP and TMS systems.

We've also established and launched our customer R&D incubator, which we call Robinson Labs. We have
delivered capabilities enabling automated pricing for our customers across truckload and LTL as well as
automated load booking for our customers and carriers and adoption continues to increase.

Our Navisphere Vision product continues to grow and add users as we had additional industry-leading
capabilities to that product that provides global visibility across all modes and all geographies to inventory
in motion and at rest.

In terms of our Navisphere Carrier platform, we're meeting carriers how and where they want to do
business. We're developing solutions to improve the business outcomes and the quality of life for owner/
operators, and this is increasingly being executed through our web and mobile platforms. And this is a
form that's clearly a priority investment for us.

We do believe that we're providing the best possible opportunities for carriers based on the scale and our
ability to optimize and provide personnel offerings for each carrier on our platform. And on the backside of
all these customer carrier-facing products and innovations, we also continue to invest in the scalability, the
stability and the security of our systems as we transition more fully to the Azure cloud.

So we're going to have several more announcements coming in the coming quarters that we're really
excited about, but I also want to be clear on our strategy that we're not building necessarily a silver
bullet or a big reveal in the background. This isn't going to be a big bang approach. We're taking an agile
approach to all of this, and we're continuing to look at prioritizing those projects on the road map that we
think have the highest return for our shareholders and the greatest value for our customers and carriers.

We also have to realize, too, that most of these technology changes that we're launching are accompanied
by changes to our operating model and the areas of focus for many of our people. So much of what we
talked about as it relates to our digital transformation and the public forum has surrounded NAST. But we
also know that opportunities exist across our portfolio, and work is underway across the board in each of
our business units.

In the couple of data points that we shared in the deck in our prepared comments today around the NAST
Productivity Index, the improvement in shipments per person per day and the fact that we had over 7
million load searches last quarter alone returning an opportunity for a carrier to automatically book a
truckload are all proof points that the road map is moving ahead and delivering strong results.

Part of what makes this a top question to answer is that while we time box that $1 billion investment from
2019 to 2023, we know that there's really no stop point for innovation. And so as part of our values of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

evolving constantly, we're going to continue to evolve. We're going to continue to innovate. And as soon as
we finish out these 4 years, we'll be on to getting prepared for that next investment in that next horizon.

Charles S. Ives
Director of Investor Relations

Our next question is for Mike from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer and Todd Fowler with KeyBanc.
Bascome Majors with Susquehanna asked a similar question.

Adjusted operating margin inflected positive and was up 870 basis points year-over-year to 32.3% in Q4
of 2020. Do you view the current margin level as sustainable or expandable in coming quarters? With mix
of business and productivity enhancements, can you provide an update to what you view as normalized
net operating margins for NAST? From a financial standpoint, besides headcount, where or how will these
surface and reported results?

Michael Paul Zechmeister
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks for the questions. I think it's important to note that our long-term operating margin targets, or
adjusted operating margin targets as we're now calling them, have not changed.

For the enterprise, while our long-term target for adjusted operating margin continues to be 30% or
better, continued productivity improvements will be a tailwind to help us offset some of the expected
headwinds that we talked about in 2021, like incentive compensation and the return of some of the short-
term cost savings from 2020.

For NAST, our long-term adjusted operating margin target continues to be 40%, with the ongoing
expectation to grow volume faster than headcount. So shipments per person per day is a good way for
you to see our productivity initiatives coming through in our results.

For Global Forwarding, our long-term target continues to be 30%. While we delivered 32.5% in Q4, which
exceeds our long-term target, we would suggest that mid-20s is a better way to think about it as the
margin normalizes over the near term.

Charles S. Ives
Director of Investor Relations

The next question for Bob comes from Chris Wetherbee of Citi.

Please speak to the strength in Ocean. Given congestions and overall robust demand, can this last through
more than the peak season?

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO, President & Director

So from where we sit today, there's nothing showing us that demand for Robinson services are necessarily
slowing down in the ocean space. I think it's well known that historically in the winter months, carriers
are typically instituting more blank sailings and removing double-digit percentages of capacity in order
to adjust to lower demand. And we're just not seeing that manifest itself this year, which tells us that
demand is there and things really aren't slowing down.

Our bookings are really strong as we look out for the next several weeks to come. And as we engage with
our clients, their forecasts are strong. And frankly, new customers are coming to us daily for space, and
that list of new customers is longer today than it's ever been.

I think our global scale continues to enable us to provide capacity solutions in the ocean space, especially
in our core trade lanes where others are not.

And again, I just -- I want to reinforce just the strength of the commercial activity in our forwarding
business and the amount of new sales and growth with existing customers has just been really, really
strong in the ocean space.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Charles S. Ives
Director of Investor Relations

The next question for Bob is from Jack Atkins with Stephens. Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer; Chris
Wetherbee with Citi; Brian Ossenbeck of JPMorgan; and Brandon Oglenski with Barclays, asked similar
questions.

After such a strong result in Global Forwarding in 2020, how should we think about your ability to hold on
to the gains you have seen over the past 12 months in adjusted gross profit per load in your airfreight and
ocean freight operations?

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO, President & Director

So eventually, that balance of supply and demand will come back into more normal cadences as both -- in
both air and ocean. And so as that happens, we do anticipate that our adjusted gross profit per shipment
could come down from some of the historical highs that we've experienced in different quarters in 2020.

We've evidenced some of that normalization already when we look back at the peaks of air freight in the
second quarter and how that's played out through the balance of this year. Again, it's critical to reinforce
so that we believe that we've taken several structural steps in our forwarding business, including our
global procurement strategy, the addition of more charters to our air freight mix, which is becoming a
more and more important part of our offering there, and the use of more advanced pricing analytics in
setting our pricing strategies that we believe are going to continue to improve results over our historical
revenue in past quarters, regardless of those market conditions in both air and ocean.

So our story in forwarding isn't really just a story of margin expansion. We've had great volume gains in
both air and ocean in terms of air tonnage and TEUs on the water driven by that commercial activity that I
just mentioned.

Charles S. Ives
Director of Investor Relations

The next question for Mike is from Jack Atkins with Stephens. Chris Wetherbee with Citi; Scott
Schneeberger from Oppenheimer; and Allison Landry with Credit Suisse, asked similar questions.

Given the strong productivity gains you are making in the business, how should we think about headcount
in 2021 versus the consolidated Q4 level of approximately 14,900? Can you hold it flat in a robust freight
year?

Michael Paul Zechmeister
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. With the solid momentum on productivity initiatives, we delivered the improvements in the
NAST productivity index and the shipments per person per day that you saw on the charts in our Q4
presentation.

So your question is a good one because we also expect robust freight in 2021. Taking into account
continued progress on productivity initiatives and covering the expected demands of the business, at
this point, we would expect average headcount for 2021 to be closer to or slightly higher than our Q4
ending headcount of 14,888. That said, our focus is on driving productivity per person. So we will manage
our staff opportunistically to drive overall value for the enterprise by flexing up or down appropriately to
capture opportunities for growth and deliver additional efficiencies.

Charles S. Ives
Director of Investor Relations

Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo asked the next question for Bob. Several other analysts asked similar
questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

How are you thinking about managing through the current cost environment, where you note in your
slides that costs are up 32.5%? If we remain at this elevated level, can pricing push higher than this
quarter's 29.5% increase to help offset this headwind? Or is this a phenomenon we should expect
throughout 2021?

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Allison. I'm going to try to answer this by putting this quarter into the context of what we've
seen broadly over the past decade. So if we think about actual customer rate and carrier cost per mile,
excluding fuel, so not rate of chains, but actual customer rate per mile and actual carrier rate per mile, Q4
represents the highest average rates that we've seen on record over the past decade.

Additionally, the year-over-year change in rates and the change in costs were the highest rate of change
that we've seen in both metrics over the past decade as well. So if we look back a bit, the previous peak in
terms of the rate of change in price and cost occurred back in the first quarter of 2018, around 24% and
25%, respectively.

And it wasn't until 2 quarters after that, where we, at C.H. Robinson, experienced the peak in terms of
actual price and actual cost per mile on a rate per mile basis. So if we compare the average truckload
price in fourth quarter of 2020 to the previous peak in customer pricing in Q3 of 2018, customer pricing
has only increased by an absolute value of 7% over that time period, peak to peak.

So when we make that same comparison on cost per mile, costs are up about 13%, again, making that
peak to peak comparison. So in terms of the rate of change, I certainly don't expect costs or customer
pricing to continue to increase at such a high rate that we experienced in the fourth quarter as we know
contracts are going to continue to reprice, spot market demand will soften because of that and the cycle
will play out as it largely normally does.

But in terms of actual price and actual cost per mile, on the customer side, a 7% increase over the time
horizon greater than a couple of years really isn't outside of the ordinary. And so we see pricing on the
customer side likely kind of maintaining and potentially gravitating higher throughout the course of the
year.

In terms of cost per mile, as more freight moves out of the spot market into the contracts, we would
expect to see some moderation in costs relative to what we saw in fourth quarter. So if we look within the
fourth quarter, we did see this start to play out, and that trend is now carrying into January.

So to go a little deeper. In October, the rate of change in price exceeded the rate of change in cost by
about 400 basis points. In November, that came down about 300 basis points. And in December, that rate
of change at cost and rate was basically moving at the same -- at equilibrium. And in January, we've seen
this inflect with the change in customer pricing being around 100 basis points above the change in carrier
cost.

On a sequential basis, both cost per mile and customer rate per mile are moderating some in January
when compared to December, but they're still up on a year-over-year basis.

It's probably also worth noting that in the fourth quarter, with such a robust peak season, it isn't
necessarily out of character for our cost to increase faster than price in that environment, given that we
purchased transportation largely in the spot market, while more than half of our customer pricing is tied to
contracts that typically extend out a year in length.

Charles S. Ives
Director of Investor Relations

The next question is for Bob from Jordan Alliger with Goldman Sachs. Matt Young with Morningstar; Bruce
Chan with Stifel; and Allison Landry from Credit Suisse, asked a similar question.

What are your thoughts on the air freight forwarding markets, specifically the capacity situation? And how
it relates to air cargo rates as we move into the tougher comparisons of Q2 of 2021?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO, President & Director

So there's no doubt that the second quarter of 2020 was the peak in terms of air cargo pricing and will
definitely represent a tough comparable for us. In the macro freight environment, though, there really
hasn't been much indication of adding meaningful capacity outside of charters in the foreseeable future.

And as we see additional lockdowns occurring in different countries, we're hearing more and more that it's
becoming difficult to staff some of these flights, which could add a constraint as well. We're expecting that
space will remain tight and demand will remain strong with the vaccine rollout and with all the supporting
products, PPE, et cetera, along with continued low inventory levels. So available capacity is likely to
continue to be an issue until such a point that passenger flights really start coming back to more normal
levels on international air travel.

Charles S. Ives
Director of Investor Relations

The next question comes from Jack Atkins with Stephens. Chris Wetherbee from Citi; and Todd Fowler
from KeyBanc, asked similar questions.

Mike, given all the puts and takes around expenses in 2020, and the return of temporary costs and
incentive compensation in 2021, could you provide us with some insight into how we should think about
personnel cost inflation per employee in 2021 versus a similar point in the last freight cycle in 2018?

Michael Paul Zechmeister
Chief Financial Officer

A good question. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we expect our 2021 personnel expenses to be
approximately $1.4 billion, which is based on our expectation of improved adjusted gross profit in 2021
and the higher incentive compensation aligned with those results.

Regarding the return of temporary cost savings from 2020, the most significant within personnel expense
would be the return of the company match on retirement contributions for employees in the U.S. and
Canada, which came back on January 1.

You mentioned 2018. I do think 2018 provides a meaningful point of comparison for personnel expense
expectations in 2021. As you recall, 2018 was a year of strong performance for Robinson, which led to
higher incentive costs, including bonuses, equity and commissions.

So given where we are in the freight cycle, it would be reasonable to think about 2021 in comparison to
2018. Specifically, if you look at total personnel cost per employee, in 2018, we were a little over $88,000
per employee. If you add 2% inflation per year to get from 2018 to 2021, it gives you a decent outlook
relative to our expectations for 2021. That outlook, combined with the staffing expectations that I talked
about earlier, gets you to our overall personnel expense expectations of $1.4 billion for 2021.

Charles S. Ives
Director of Investor Relations

The next question for Bob is from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays. Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan; and
Ravi Shanker with Morgan Stanley, asked similar questions.

Was the decline in truckload contractual mix to 55% a strategic decision or more the result of capitalizing
in the near term or record spot rates? Understanding that management is expecting a continuation of
market tightness for much of the year, when would be a good time in the cycle to seek higher contractual
mix exposure?

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO, President & Director

So there's a couple of questions there. I'd start with saying that it's -- the 55-45 mix is really a blend
of some intentional choices in managing the yield within our portfolio as well as just market-driven

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

factors. Simply, as more freight moves to the spot market, as routing guides fall -- fail in the industry
and repricing occurs with higher frequency, our mix tends to shift in that direction as well as you've seen
through time.

Our spot and contract mix over the past couple of quarters closely mirrors that of really third quarter of
'17 through maybe the third quarter of '18, call it, the past peak cycle, where our mix range from 50-50 to
60-40, leaning more heavily to contract.

And looking through the past several years, 50-50 was really the lowest percentage of contractual freight,
and that happened in fourth quarter of '17. And then we kind of max out, if you will, around 70% contract
in more balanced markets such as what we saw in the back half of 2019.

As we start to implement the pricing changes that occurred during fourth quarter as well as the business
that we intend to reprice in the first quarter, I would anticipate that, that mix starts to shift back closer to
the 60% range, meaning heavier towards contract in the next couple of quarters. I think that's kind of the
best way that I would think about it right now.

Charles S. Ives
Director of Investor Relations

The next question is for Bob from Brian Ossenbeck from JPMorgan.

What is the strategy to improve and deliver industry-leading margins in a cyclical business with secular
concerns regarding new competition? Could Robinson become more multimodal over time and build out
other service lines and geographies?

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Brian. So in just the past 2 years, we've experienced both our record high quarterly adjusted
gross profit per load and our record low quarterly adjusted gross profit per load that we've seen over the
past decade.

So to your point, there's definitely some volatility and some cyclicality that we need to control for
in our largest service line of truckload. And we're doing this through our efforts to lower our cost to
serve, through the digitization and the automation of the business that we've talked about, working
on appropriately balancing that portfolio between spot and contractual business, and by continuing to
redesign and reorganize our network to maximize our commercial effectiveness in order to both take share
and drive top line growth.

Our investments in technology, our broad and global suite of services and our development of innovative
new capabilities are going to continue to fuel that top line growth of our diversified business, which is we
see as one way to combat that cyclicality. I feel better, I can say confidently, I feel better today than I
have at any point in the past about the focus that we have on cost management within the organization.
And we'll deliver on that $100 million cost reduction in half the time we originally planned to. And we're
going to remain focused on finding additional opportunities to reduce our operating expenses as we move
forward.

In terms of diversification, clearly, this has been part of our strategy over the past several years. If
you look at our LTL business and the growth that, that has taken on, that is a critical part of our overall
business mix and the growth and returns have frankly been industry-leading.

Our investments in diversifying and expanding into our global forwarding network, adding talent enhancing
our capabilities has also helped to balance the overall portfolio. That's maybe never been more clear than
it was in the fourth quarter with the outperformance of our forwarding group. And it continues to provide
us a combined commercial value proposition that's resonating in the market.

Across the rest of the portfolio, our managed services business continues to grow freight under
management and provides a really unique solution blending both technology and supply chain expertise to
some of the largest and most complex customers in the world, and that creates a really sticky relationship

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

with a high rate of recurring revenue, and creates a lot of connectivity between Robinson and the client
over time. And the results in our Robinson Fresh business unit have stabilized and continued to improve
over the course of the last couple of years, and they're providing strong returns. And our Europe Surface
Trans business continues to take share well ahead of the marketplace in Europe.

So we feel like we've been on this path of diversification, Brian, for a while. Both, it makes sense from a
commercial standpoint, helps us to sell a really unique value proposition in the market and it's helping us
to kind of balance out the portfolio in terms of revenues and returns to our shareholders.

Charles S. Ives
Director of Investor Relations

The next question for Mike is from Chris Wetherbee with Citi.

How are you going to direct free cash flow in 2021? Where do buybacks fit in the hierarchy? How about
M&A? Any areas of interest?

Michael Paul Zechmeister
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks for the question, Chris. In terms of capital allocation, our top priority continues to be the close-
in investments primarily related to technology and process redesign that fuel growth and efficiency in our
core business. We are also committed to continuing our dividend without decline.

Next would be M&A, where we continue to maintain a strong pipeline of opportunities. To the extent that
we have capital available while maintaining an investment-grade credit rating, our share repurchase
program offers an excellent lever to return value to shareholders. We continue to see M&A as a lever that
can potentially help us expand our geographic presence, add or improve services, build scale or enhance
our technology platform. We'll continue to look for well-run businesses that also fit nicely in the Robinson
culture.

Charles S. Ives
Director of Investor Relations

The next question is from Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan.

Bob, how have Robinson's recent efforts to connect with multiple TMS and ERP platforms progressed
relative to expectations? Has it generated an increase in net new business activity? What does further
adoption of digital interfaces with customers mean for operating leverage in the future?

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Brian. Multiple questions there, and I'll try to tackle one at a time. Our progress in connecting
with TMS and ERPs has been on pace with our expectations. We've got long-standing relationships and
connections with these companies and connecting our real-time pricing engines through modern APIs
has been really successful and fast paced. And some of these connections are faster and smoother than
others, as you might expect.

To the question of how has it increased business activity. We are experiencing significant growth in our
quoting activity and tendered volume through these digital connections to our pricing services and other
functionality, like in-transit visibility and other operational and analytical insights.

The obvious benefit of these connections is the availability for quoting and committing 24/7, 365.
We're also able to respond to opportunities much faster in these forms than relying on older, more
manual processes. So we've seen significant productivity uplift on our transactional business, and we do
expect the share of our automated transactional business to continue to grow, which will yield positive
productivity impacts.

To your final question around the competitive landscape, it is quite active in all parts of our business,
including the space. And I'd say that our win percentage and our adjusted gross profit per shipment in
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

these automated pricing APIs are on par with our traditional transactional margins. But we're capturing
those adjusted gross profit dollars with a lower per unit cost to serve.

Charles S. Ives
Director of Investor Relations

The next question for Bob is from Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan.

How is Robinson becoming more ingrained in supply chains and driving visibility for customers? How many
shippers can take advantage of a program similar to the one you just announced with SAS?

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO, President & Director

Brian, in my 22 years with Robinson, our ambition to solve our customers' toughest problems has always
been central to our approach. As a result, we've got the opportunity to get involved in really exciting and
challenging arenas within the supply chain that extend well beyond just the pickup and drop-off in the
transportation of freight.

Our investments through these years have taken us deeper into new modes and services, develop deep
vertical expertise, expertise in geographies and industry segments with many unique characteristics and
supply chain attributes that we can bring to bear for our customers.

The SAS relationship is a great example of an opportunity to partner with another industry leader to
extend our collective value of new, unique and exciting ways to shippers and receivers. We're obviously in
the early stages of our work together, and the initial engagements are now underway.

We believe that this work together with SAS has the potential to unlock values in many areas of our
business and across our shared customer base. This collaboration is going to facilitate visibility to the
entire inventory life cycle in a way that no other companies can do, from planning to cash settlement, and
it's going to require the best of each of our company's technology and our expertise in order to ideate and
innovate together to bring real value to our customers.

Charles S. Ives
Director of Investor Relations

The next question for Mike is from Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan.

Working capital appears to have moved with revenue growth. Have there been any changes in days sales
outstanding or bad debt from any of your customers?

Michael Paul Zechmeister
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Brian. You are correct. In Q4, accounts receivable plus contract assets increased sequentially by
4.4% over Q3, while total revenues increased 7.7%, driven by higher pricing and volume. The result in Q4
was a sequential improvement in days sales outstanding of 1.7 days compared to Q3 when using ending
AR balances.

That said, over the past 2 quarters, DSO has been running a couple of days higher than last year, and I'll
talk about the ways we've been addressing that in a minute.

Our bad debt expense was notably higher in 2020 compared to 2019, driven primarily by increased
reserves as we monitor the impact of the pandemic on certain categories and customers. While our bad
debt expense in 2020 was approximately $6 million higher than our prior 3-year average, we did see a
reduction in bad debt expense of approximately $600,000 in Q4 compared to Q4 of 2019.

We continue to closely monitor our receivables by customer, by category and across a variety of key
metrics. We utilize internal and external credit and risk data to enhance our credit and collections results,
and we've tightened credit limits, enhanced electronic invoicing and maintained greater focus on higher
risk categories with additional safeguards, all of which led to sequential improvement in the Q4 results.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Charles S. Ives
Director of Investor Relations

The next question for Bob is from Brian Ossenbeck from JPMorgan.

You were almost at the 1-year mark for the Prime acquisition. How has that opportunity developed
compared to expectations? And has it driven any synergies across the Robinson portfolio or with
customers? What other industrial verticals or logistics capabilities are attractive at this point?

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO, President & Director

We are really happy with the acquisition of Prime. I mean, truly a great team with great leadership, and
we're really proud of the work that, that team did this year.

The Prime team exceeded their full year profitability expectations against some really challenging hurdles
throughout the year, driven by costs associated with increased costs in labor, safety protocols that we've
undertaken for our frontline workers and the rising cost of purchase transportation.

In terms of synergies, part of what really attracted us to Prime at the time of acquisition was the
opportunity to bring together their expertise in retail consolidation and warehousing with the Robinson
expertise in transportation and distribution. So we've got these several shared customers and the
combination of the 2 companies' capabilities made for an even stronger value proposition for our
customers and for the industries that we serve.

As some retailers over the course of the last year have evolved and tightened their supply chain
performance metrics, this has driven a lot of interest and demand from many new shippers that serve
these retailers. Achieving some of these new on-time and full or supply chain reliability requirements are
really difficult without a partner like Robinson that has the capabilities to bring to life between Robinson
and Prime, especially if you're not typically shipping in full truckload quantities.

So we're seeing several other retailers now piloting programs with us with opportunities for large national
rollouts, and we're seeing great opportunities to cross-sell forwarding and inland transportation services to
many of Prime's legacy customers.

From a cost perspective, there was some redundancy in several markets for both Robinson and Prime
maintained warehouse facilities, and we're in the process today of bringing those together under shared
facilities in order to capture some cost and efficiency synergies as we move to a common network. We also
see opportunities moving forward to leverage that network to augment our large format home delivery
network as well as providing other retail services.

Charles S. Ives
Director of Investor Relations

The next question is from Brian Ossenbeck from JPMorgan for Bob.

What is the strategic rationale behind launching the Robinson Fresh produce offering? Are there any start-
up costs you will incur? How have your retail and foodservice customers viewed the announcement?

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO, President & Director

As our role with our retail partners has evolved in Fresh over the last decade, our integrated supply chain
solutions have really expanded and penetrated right into the actual product itself. It's no longer about
selling just a product, it's really about providing the complex supply chain solutions that go with it.

So we felt like this was really the right time to consolidate our brand story and allow us to take advantage
of our 115-year history in the produce supply chain and really connect the dots between our services, our
products and the consumer growing demand for healthy and high-quality fresh produce.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

In terms of start-up costs, we're rolling the brand out over the first half of 2021 to align with the primary
growing seasons of the products that will market under the Robinson Fresh label in order to maximize
the use of existing packaging disruption, et cetera. So there really won't be any material costs due to the
brand launch.

Initial feedback in terms of our retail and food customers has been really positive, both from the look and
feel of the brand, the quality of the product and the packaging, but they're also supportive of the overall
strategic rationale for making the change.

Charles S. Ives
Director of Investor Relations

The last question is from Garrett Holland with RW Baird.

LTL volume was clearly very strong in Q4 of 2020. Talk about the expectations for the drivers of LTL freight
demand and your ability to continue gaining market share.

Robert C. Biesterfeld
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Thanks, Garrett. Our LTL service continues to deliver strong results, as you saw again in fourth
quarter, and we're really proud of our -- we're really proud of the unique service offering that we have in
the marketplace.

We really think that we've got probably the most comprehensive offering of LTL services in the industry
at scale, including our common carrier programs, our consolidation programs that I just talked about for
retail and other industries as well as our temperature controlled programs that cover the spectrum from
fresh products through frozen goods.

Our market share gains in 2020 have been fueled by some tailwinds that many companies felt, including
e-commerce and home delivery, but they've really been across the board.

As I mentioned earlier, the combination of Prime and Robinson in retail [ consol ] has proved to be a
winning formula in the marketplace. And we expect to continue to realize growth in LTL as we've built out
customized solutions across industry verticals and solutions for customers of all sizes from those Main
Street businesses that are engaged with our Freightquote by C.H. Robinson platform, to large enterprise
shippers that value our ability to consolidate capacity, optimize their network demands and leverage our
Navisphere order and planning capabilities to avoid costs and to improve service.

Charles S. Ives
Director of Investor Relations

That concludes the Q&A portion of today's earnings call. A replay of today's call will be available in the
Investor Relations section of our website at chrobinson.com at approximately 11:30 a.m. Eastern Time
today. If you have any additional questions, I can be reached by phone or e-mail.

Thank you again for participating in our fourth quarter 2020 conference call, and have a great day.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines or log off the
webcast at this time, and have a wonderful day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

C.H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

