CME Group Inc. NasdaqGS:CME
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, October 27, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.55

1.60

3.23

1.64

6.65

7.36

Revenue  (mm)

1145.70

1109.90

(3.12 %)

1196.28

4789.38

5112.31

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-27-2021 5:17 AM GMT

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.36

1.76

1.61

1.55

1.39

1.79

1.64

1.60

2.21 %

1.70 %

1.86 %

3.23 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
CME GROUP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Derek Sammann
Senior MD and Global Head of
Commodities & Options Products

John C. Peschier
Managing Director of Investor
Relations

John William Pietrowicz
Chief Financial Officer

Julie Winkler
Senior MD & Chief Commercial
Officer

Sean P. Tully
Senior MD and Global Head of
Financial & OTC Products

Sunil Cutinho
President of CME Clearing

Terrence A. Duffy
Chairman & CEO

ANALYSTS

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Christopher John Allen
Compass Point Research &
Trading, LLC, Research Division

Daniel Thomas Fannon
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Kenneth Brooks Worthington
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Kwun Sum Lau
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Kyle Kenneth Voigt
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Michael J. Cyprys
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CME GROUP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the CME Group Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being
recorded.

At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to John Peschier. Please go ahead, sir.

John C. Peschier
Managing Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, and good morning, everyone. I hope you're all doing well. I'm going to start with the safe
harbor language, then I'll turn it over to Terry and our team for brief remarks followed by your questions.

Statements made on this call and in the other reference documents on our website that are not historical
facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. They
involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and
results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statement. Detailed information
about factors that may affect our performance can be found in the filings with the SEC, which are on our
website.

Lastly, on the final page of the earnings release, you will see a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP
measures.

With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Terry.

Terrence A. Duffy
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, John, and thank you, all, for joining us this morning.

We released our executive summary, as John said, which provided extensive details on the third quarter
of 2021. I have John, Sean, Derek, Sunil, Julie Winkler on the call this morning, and we all look forward to
addressing any questions you have.

Before I begin, in addition to John, who will discuss the financial results, I'm going to have Sean and
Derek to make some comments. With all the recent news associated with interest rates and energy, I
thought it was important that they present this morning.

With that, we delivered solid volume during the third quarter of this year as we averaged 17.8 million
contracts per day, which was up 14% versus third quarter last year. We saw year-over-year strength in
our interest rates and energy businesses and saw significant options growth of 45% during Q3. Rates
average daily volume rose 53%, including 78% growth in Eurodollars and 41% growth in treasuries, as
the expectations of future rate hikes has increased.

We continue to launch innovative new products, tools and services to support customer needs, including
additions to our suite of micro-sized contracts that allow market users to customize their trading and
hedging as well as ESG-focused futures contracts that help manage climate-related risk.

In terms of specific products and services, we had 2 consecutive quarterly ADV records and SOFR futures
in Q2 and Q3 as the market continues to manage their interest rate risk ahead of key transition deadlines.
Bitcoin futures, ADV increased 170% compared with the third quarter last year. Ether futures are also off
to a good start since their launch in the first quarter this year. In September, we launched the derivatives
industry's first-ever sustainable clearing service to help market participants track and report on how their
hedging activities are advancing their sustainable goals.

Finally, Micro WTI and Micro Treasury yield contracts began trading in July and August, respectively. The
Micro WTI contract represents the most successful commodity product launch in our history with over 1

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CME GROUP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

million contracts traded within the first 20 days and a total of 4.3 million contracts traded since July 12
launch. Most importantly, this innovative new contract is attracting new customers to our energy market
as evidenced by the fact that almost 10,000 Micro WTI market participants have not traded any other
CME Group crude oil product in 2021. You'll hear more about this in a moment from both Derek and Sean,
respectively.

In the third quarter, non-U.S. ADV was up 13% to 5 million contracts per day. We saw 15% growth in
Europe, 8% growth in Asia, 32% growth in Latin America and 10% growth in the U.S.

Also during the quarter, we completed our joint venture with IHS Markit and, together, launched, OSTTRA,
a leading provider of progressive post-trade solutions for the global OTC market across interest rates,
equities, FX and credit asset classes.

Turning to Q4. We have had a strong start so far in October, averaging more than 20 million contracts,
which is an increase of 35% month-to-date compared to the same point in October last year. Interest
rates in energy are up double digits with rates up 90%.

With that, let me turn it over to Sean to give you more flavor as it relates to interest rates.

Sean P. Tully
Senior MD and Global Head of Financial & OTC Products

Thank you very much, Terry. As Terry said, the financials unit saw a number of significant developments in
the third quarter, particularly regarding SOFR, the overall rates market and our crypto business. Our silver
futures saw average daily volume grow to 124,000 contracts per day in the third quarter up over 180%
year-over-year, and our open interest grew to over 1 million contracts, up 140% year-over-year.

Additionally, in the month of October, we're seeing average daily volume of 227,000 SOFR futures
contracts and open interest of 1.2 million contracts. Over the last 60 days, our SOFR futures ADV made up
over 78% of the global SOFR futures volumes and our open interest represents approximately 95%.

Further, on July 29, the Alternative Reference Rate Committee of the Federal Reserve endorsed CME's
1-month, 3-month and 6-month term SOFR rates. And on September 19, CME began publishing a 12-
month term SOFR rate as well. Demand for access to our term SOFR rate is very high, as we have already
executed more than 100 term SOFR licenses to market participants, and we are currently working with an
additional 300 firms who are also interested in licensing.

Our fallbacks for Eurodollar futures and options have also been a very strong success since we finalized
our rule book back on March 29. SOFR-linked open interest includes SOFR futures as well as Eurodollar
futures and options that reference a LIBOR rate which will be set after June 30, 2023. Those contracts
have grown from 11.8 million open interest on March 29, to 16.3 million open interest as of October 25,
up 38%. Further, the average daily volume of our SOFR-linked futures and options in Q3 was 1.6 million
contracts, representing 52% of CME's total short-term interest rate ADV.

In addition, our long-held view regarding the rates market environment continues to gain veracity. Using
CME's FedWatch tool, we can see the market is now pricing in a 60% chance of tightening by June 2022,
up from just 17% just 1 month ago. Our FedWatch tool also now indicates an 87% chance of at least 2
Fed tightenings by the December 2022 FOMC meeting.

In Q3, the improving rates environment, as Terry said, led to a 53% growth in our interest rates ADV
versus third quarter of 2020. Nonetheless, rate volatility, while higher in the third quarter of 2021 than
it was in recent quarters, remained historically quite low. For example, in the eighth quarterly Eurodollar
futures, it achieved just the 37th percentile of volatility versus a history going back to 2007. And our 10-
year note futures achieved only a 25th percentile volatility rank, showing the current volatility even in Q3
was very low.

Regarding CME Group's crypto offering, first, let me say, the recent approval of ETFs based on CME Bitcoin
futures is not only an important milestone for our future contracts but also a positive development for the
broader Bitcoin ecosystem. This is a direct reflection of the strong growth and client demand for exposure

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CME GROUP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

to Bitcoin via CME's transparent, deeply liquid and regulated cryptocurrency futures contracts. The launch
of ETFs based on CME's Bitcoin futures is validation from the industry of what we've known for some time,
that CME Bitcoin futures are the leading source of bitcoin price discovery in the industry.

Two new Bitcoin ETFs were launched just last week and another this morning, both of which are based --
or all 3 of which are based on CME's Bitcoin futures. On the back of those launches, our Bitcoin futures,
October ADV has risen to over 12,000 contracts or over 60,000 equivalent Bitcoin worth a record $3.5
billion per day, up 57% over September. Additionally, average open interest in our Bitcoin futures has
grown to a record 17,433 contracts, up 70% versus September. Our Micro Bitcoin futures volume is also
up 33% month-over-month, and our average open interest is up 97% month-over-month.

With that, I'll turn it over to Derek.

Derek Sammann
Senior MD and Global Head of Commodities & Options Products

Thanks, Sean. As Terry mentioned at the top of the call, we have seen a strong return of activity in our
global energy business in the second half of this year with both crude oil and natural gas prices hitting
multiyear highs. Overall, this has helped our global energy business to deliver average daily volume
growth of 18% in the third quarter, led by energy options up 26% year-on-year. WTI futures reached
the $84 a barrel mark earlier this month for the first time since 2014, as OPEC maintained caution on
production increases and as U.S. shale steadily recovers from the 2020 decline. Prices were further
boosted from returning global demand as economies reopen.

In the U.S., gasoline consumption reached 10 million barrels a day in July, marking an all-time monthly
high. Activity in WTI crude oil futures saw a 26% jump in average daily volume in the third quarter to
990,000 contracts; the WTI options average daily volume jumping 45%, 129,000 contracts. This helped
us to deliver strong daily volume growth in our refined products portfolio as well with our gasoline product
volume of 20% to 196,000 contracts and our heating oil products daily trading volume up 10% to 154,000
contracts.

This has helped set the stage for the significant success that we've delivered with our Micro WTI futures
contract. Launched on July 12 of this year, as Terry mentioned, we surpassed 1 million contracts traded
in the first 20 trading days, and we've already traded more than 4.3 million contracts since launch. Most
importantly, this innovative new contract is attracting brand-new global customers to our energy market
as evidenced by the fact that almost 10,000 Micro WTI customers have not traded any other CME Group
crude oil product in 2021. These new customers come from 118 different countries and represent over
50% of our Micro WTI customer base. So this has been a significant source of new client acquisition for us.

At the same time, we have also seen the natural gas market experience the highest price level in over 13
years with U.S. Henry Hub futures hitting a high price of $6.45 earlier this month, more than tripling in
price from the COVID-driven March 2020 lows. The resulting increase in volatility has boosted our Henry
Hub futures business with September average daily volume of 496,000 contracts, up 11% year-on-year.
Henry Hub options were particularly strong in the third quarter with average daily volume up 18% to
124,000 contracts, achieving our best months of August and September ever.

Participation has been strong from our commercial customers, and we've seen our natural gas futures and
options open interest jump to 6.2 million contracts in September, which is the highest level we've seen
since January [ 2018 ].

So overall, we're seeing that the investments we're making in our product portfolio, our global client
development and our technology pay strong dividends as market volatility returns, as our customer base
manages their energy risk and CME Group's global benchmark products.

With that, I'll turn it over to John to discuss the financial results.

John William Pietrowicz
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CME GROUP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Thanks, Derek. During the third quarter, CME generated more than $1.1 billion in revenue with average
daily volume up 14% compared to the same period last year. Expenses were very carefully managed and,
on an adjusted basis, were $412 million for the quarter and $355 million, excluding license fees. CME had
an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.3%, which resulted in an adjusted diluted EPS of $1.60, up 16% from
the third quarter last year.

Capital expenditures for the quarter were approximately $33 million. CME paid out more than $300 million
of dividends during the third quarter, and cash at the end of the quarter was approximately $1.6 billion.

At the start of September, CME and IHS Markit launched OSTTRA, our post trade services joint venture.
As a result, CME will no longer be recording revenue and expenses associated with our post-trade
businesses but will be recording our share of the joint venture earnings in the equity and net earnings of
unconsolidated subsidiaries line out of our income statement.

For the month of September, CME would have recorded approximately $22 million in revenue and $11
million in expenses but instead recorded approximately $8 million in our share of the adjusted earnings of
the joint venture. When you take into consideration tax implications and providing support services for the
joint venture, there was essentially no impact to our overall earnings.

Turning to guidance. We now expect total adjusted operating expenses for 2021 excluding license fees and
reflecting the impact of our joint venture to come in at approximately $1.5 billion, down about $30 million
from our guidance at the start of the year. All other guidance remains unchanged.

Finally, we are very pleased to say we achieved our planned $200 million in cumulative run rate expense
synergies related to the NEX acquisition this quarter. Please refer to the last page of our executive
commentary for additional financial highlights and details.
We would like to now open the up the call for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CME GROUP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll go ahead and take our first question from Rich Repetto with Piper Sandler.

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Thanks for the macro update because there's certainly a lot of things going on. But on the Bitcoin futures
ETF, Terry, besides just industry validation, I think it was regulatory validation of both the CFTC and your
regulatory regime you have for the product as well. So I guess my question is, what kind of precautions
are you taking -- what I'm talking about is position limits basically to ensure that the role and -- is as
efficient as possible? And we know there's some volume being generated by these ETF manufacturers.

Terrence A. Duffy
Chairman & CEO

Rich, thank you. It's a great question. I appreciate you asking it. But the ETFs, as Sean stated in his
comments, I think are very exciting for -- to be based off of CME futures. I think that in and of itself lends
to the credibility of our product as a listed futures exchange and the regulation thereof.

To get more directly to your question around position limits associated with it, they are an important
component to any market when you have a highly regulated entity like CME. So the existing position
limits in our Bitcoin futures today, as you may or may not know, is 2,000 for spot. And then we have
accountability levels going back in the deferred months that are much larger than that. But the spot
month will go to 4,000 in November, and we feel very confident from a risk perspective that we are not
being reckless in any which way, shape or form, that this has been vetted to our entire team here and with
the agency.

So we've filed for those changes. We're confident that the product is mature enough now to increase the
size of the limit. So again, we'll be careful here, Rich. This product, we launched in 2017, not 1917. So this
is a newer product, a newer asset class, and we will be very, very cautious here. But again, we're excited
by the uptake and the credibility associated with power shares and some of the other ETFs that decided to
benchmark against our futures contract.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll go ahead and take our next question from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.

Daniel Thomas Fannon
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

I was hoping to get a little bit more color on expenses, John. So the implied guidance with the
adjustments, I assume some pickup in the fourth quarter. Could you maybe explain a little bit just in
terms of the ramp in the 4Q?

But then given all the moving parts as we think about next year, I know it's a bit early. Maybe give us
some framework to think about with the JV coming out, the synergies being realized and then the broader
kind of inflationary pressures we're hearing across kind of the employment and other kind of cost factors
to think about as we think about '22 and beyond.

John William Pietrowicz
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Thanks, Dan. Appreciate the question. So in terms of our expense guidance, we did reduce our
expense guidance after you adjust for the OSTTRA joint venture by an additional $15 million. So we're
about $30 million down from our original guidance at the start of the year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CME GROUP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

When you think about what we've done on the expense side, this entire CME team has done an excellent
job managing our costs. We continue to have that as a strong focus. And to put kind of our expense
management into perspective, after adjusting for the creation of OSTTRA, we're about $12 million down
from last year's adjusted expenses and almost $100 million down below 2019 levels.

When you look at our reduction of the $15 million, about half of that reduction reflects lower expected
travel and in-person events. As you recall, at the beginning of the year, we had about $20 million we put
in the back half of the year, assuming that we would be able to have additional travel. But as you can see,
there's still limitations on travel, especially international travel. We have been seeing additional pickup
in meetings, especially in Europe and London, in particular, but still, international travel is still a little bit
tough.

And the balance is really -- of our reduction in terms of our guidance is just excellent continued expense
controls by the entire team, including careful hiring and careful use of contingent labor.

When you take a look at 2020's fourth quarter and 2021's fourth quarter, yes, we do see a pickup in costs.
The fourth quarter is traditionally our highest expense quarter. Historically, marketing and advertising
spend tend to be highest in the fourth quarter along with higher project spending as we wind up the
current year and prepare for the next year. The spending this year reflects that same pattern, and we
anticipated a higher-than-normal proportion of spend when we built out our spending plans at the start of
the year.

We expect higher levels of spend in marketing and advertising, including targeting a portion of that spend
on our successful micro products and in anticipation of a more open operating environment in 2022. We're
also investing in system projects, including the migration of EBS and streaming services, which would lead
to more technology-related costs.

Also, our incentive compensation is anticipated to be higher in the fourth quarter of this year than the
fourth quarter of last year. So those are some of the items which are causing the fourth quarter this year
to be higher than the fourth quarter last year. But overall, for the entire year, some really impressive
expense controls by the entire organization.

So in terms of thinking about modeling for next year, we're going through the budgeting process now. So
it's really too early to provide guidance. We are hopeful for a more normalized environment, which would
be positive for our business.

When looking at 2022, there are a couple of things to keep in mind. We did postpone salary increases in
2021 for our staff, and we don't anticipate doing the same this year for 2021 -- I mean, sorry, for 2022.
Also in an open business environment, which is obviously extremely fluid, we would anticipate increased
travel, both regionally and globally, and more in-person events, which we would view as positive from a
business perspective. But again, in November, it's a little tough to see that in 2022 yet. So we'll provide
some additional guidance when we do our earnings in February.

We are starting to see some of that open up, like I mentioned before, in Europe. We'll continue to invest
in our systems and technology capabilities with an eye towards accelerating growth globally. It is our
intention that we will continue our excellent expense management as we build out our plans for next year.
So that should give you a little bit of a flavor in terms of 2022.

Operator

We'll go ahead and take our next question from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I wanted to dig into market data a little bit. It's been flattish over the last 3 quarters. I think there were
some pricing adjustments that should result in a slightly better near-term trends. So maybe kind of walk
us through sort of what's been going on behind the scenes in market data and how you're thinking about
growth in that business going forward.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CME GROUP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Julie Winkler
Senior MD & Chief Commercial Officer

Sure. Thanks for the question, Alex. The data business has really been quite stable, as you point out. So
this quarter coming in at 145 million, we were up 4% where we were in Q3 of 2020. So the number of
professional subscribers that we're seeing for our real-time business, which is the bulk of the revenue, has
been steady. And the price increase that we saw, $5 per user, has been realized. The big difference that
we saw between Q2 and Q3 results were really audit findings were down about $2 million, which, again, is
quite difficult to forecast and ones that is really just the timing of audits that we have underway with our
clients.

So Sean had mentioned, too, at the beginning of the call, right, a lot of the focus for the team, particularly
the data sales team has been on the term SOFR rate. We've got a tremendous amount of client
engagement going on there with 100 licenses already done within the last quarter and 300 more in
the queue. We are also continuing to see great uptake of those nondisplay policies and pricing that we
introduced at the beginning of the year as well as our derived business performing very strongly. And
lastly, just continue to see adoption of our cloud offering with Google on SmartStream. So I think the
growth is still there. It's just -- again, the real difference in Q3 was based on the audit.

Operator

We can go ahead and take our next question from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.

Kenneth Brooks Worthington
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I wanted to ask about open interest in the aggregate. Open interest is still hovering around 100 million
contracts, more or less, and it's been anchored there for a little while. And CME has been highlighting all
these great things that have been happening. We've got a ton of innovation, OI building SOFR, the build-
out of the micro products, the strength in energy. And in the macro, you've seen some rate movements
at the 10-year in anticipation of higher rates at the short end of the curve and the commodity super cycle
and the huge debt issuance you guys have highlighted. When do you think CME will start to see all these
good things start to flow into the open interest growth? What's the outlook? When does the good translate
into OI?

Terrence A. Duffy
Chairman & CEO

Alex, it's Terry -- or it's Ken, I'm sorry. Ken, it's Terry Duffy. I'm going to let Sean comment, maybe Sunil,
as well, but let me give you a broad comment here.

The open interest of 100 million to 109 million contracts open, which I think is what you're referring to,
the trend over the last several -- probably a year or so since we came off of the high of 150 million, a lot
of it is reflected in the interest rate business. We're going through a massive transition, as Sean pointed
out earlier, from LIBOR to something else we suspect as SOFR, and people are trying to adjust associated
with that. We're also seeing the low vol still that's -- even though we've seen an uptick in some of the
things that you're referencing, the volatility is still significantly lower not only in interest rates but FX. I'm
talking from a historical standpoint.

That is changing. You're correct in your comments. The question is when does it reflect in open interest.
We believe there is open -- the participants are in there, participating. But you got to remember, our open
interest today is a little bit different than it was just a couple of years ago. We didn't have weekly options
on a lot of these products. We didn't have some of the expirations constantly coming on and off. So people
are taking exposures for projected periods of time, might be days versus quarters like it was historically.
So we're seeing people manage their risk in a little bit different way, and I think that's reflective of the
open interest as well.

So I think those are all a lot of factors going into it, fundamental being the main one, but a lot of it is
some of the products, the way we offer people to manage risk right now, which I don't see that as a

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CME GROUP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

bad problem. I see that as a good problem because open interest, we don't get paid for. We get paid for
transactions. And the way we're structuring it now, I think that's a much more powerful offering.

But the open interest is a reflection of future trade. We've always said it to people, and we still believe in
that. But at the same time, we're seeing people participate in the market because of what I just outlined
a moment ago with options and other products to transition from 1 rate to another, the fundamentals and
foreign exchange being extremely quiet. And we're also seeing massive directional changes in energy. As
Derek pointed out earlier, we went from just 1.5 years ago to minus $37.50 to $84 a barrel. So you think
about the massive directional participation in the marketplace has been truly one way, and a lot of people
just don't believe that you can go from minus $37 a barrel to $84 a barrel in 1.5 years.

So I think it's just an adjustment to the world that we live in today and people will, again, participate in
holding more and more open interest. But right now, I don't see it as a bad problem because of what we --
what I just outlined. And I'll ask Sean to comment more.

Sean P. Tully
Senior MD and Global Head of Financial & OTC Products

Yes. Thank you, Terry. And thank you, Ken, for the question. Just very briefly in terms of the numbers.
Year-over-year, the open interest, interest rate is up 14%. In equities, it's up 13%. In foreign exchange,
it's up 22%. So a very strong year-over-year growth.

In addition to that, another number we track very closely is the number of large open interest holders as
reported by the CFTC. If you look at the second quarter of this year, and if you look across the financials
products, rates, equities and foreign exchange, the average large open interest holder number across the
second quarter was an all-time record high for the combined 3 asset classes.

If you look at the third quarter, we beat the second quarter. So I've had 2 back-to-back all-time record
numbers of large open interest holders on average. If you look at our interest rates business, the most
recent numbers from the CFTC indicate the rates business is just 1% below its all-time high in large open
interest holders, and the foreign exchange business similarly is just a couple of percentage points below
its all-time high. But I think, overall, the marketplace is extremely healthy and doing well. I don't know
if...

Terrence A. Duffy
Chairman & CEO

Well, yes, I don't want to think we're dodging the question because I think your question, Ken, is based
on 150 million OI, which was a record open interest several years ago. So I think what Sean is giving you
is coming off of a different base, obviously. So we don't want to be disingenuous either, but they are what
they are. We've gone through a lot here in the last couple of years with pandemic's uncertainty. People are
not sure how they're going to manage risk, but I think we're starting to see a return to that. And Sean's
numbers are reflective of that. And I think that's what's positive as far as the open interest story goes.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Chris Allen with Compass Point.

Christopher John Allen
Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division

I was hoping you can give a little bit more color on OSTTRA just in terms of maybe what were the
revenues that were included in the P&L for 3Q, i.e., before separations in September. And also, what were
the year-to-date expenses, if you can kind of think about what's kind of the adjusted starting point as we
kind of contemplate for next year?

John William Pietrowicz
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CME GROUP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Yes. Thanks for the question. This is John. So yes, we're very excited about the launch of OSTTRA. We
think it's going to be very positive for our customers. It'll -- we'll be able to offer them new and innovative
products, improved workflow and analytics. And also, we're going to be well positioned to really support
the global banks, in particular.

So very excited about OSTTRA. We've, like I said, launched it in early September. We've got an integration
plan that is being executed right now. And so far, we've been very pleased with the leadership there and
working with our partners at IHS Markit.

So in terms of -- I'm going to break down in more detail the impacts for the month of September and --
which will be helpful. And then we could talk a little bit about what it looks like kind of going forward.

So in terms of revenue, like I said in my prepared remarks, it was about $22 million in revenue for the
month of September we would have booked had we not launched OSTTRA.

Of that $7 million is in transaction fees and $15 million is in the other revenue line. From an expense
perspective, it was about $11 million for the month of September. About $7 million of that was in
compensation, and the rest was split between technology, other and pro fees.

In the equity and earnings section, equity and net earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries was $8 million
in that line. Now that $8 million is net of tax. And then we had $1 million in the other line in that section of
our income statement. Obviously, when we had the company before the formation of OSTTRA, you'd have
the tax effect, the $11 million in operating income. So when you net all that out, it's really no impact for
the month of -- for September.

Now looking at the expense level, the expense levels have been very constant in the $11 million range. So
there's very little in the way of volatility over the last several quarters. So $11 million per month is a good
run rate.

And then when you look at the revenue, it -- if you looked at it for a full quarter, if you took the $22
million, multiply it by 3 to give yourself a quarterly -- quarterly amount of $66 million. If you look over the
last several quarters, the revenue has been in the $64 million to $66 million range per quarter.

So those are -- those would be the numbers that I would work with in terms of run rates.

Operator

And we'll take our next question from Owen Lau with Oppenheimer.

Kwun Sum Lau
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

So the volume of Bitcoin futures has been very strong. OI has been increasing but there will be more
Bitcoin futures trading venues coming up. Could you please remind us the value proposition of CME Bitcoin
futures franchise and why ETF and other institutional investors will continue to go to CME instead of other
trading venues?

Sean P. Tully
Senior MD and Global Head of Financial & OTC Products

Sure. This is Sean jumping in. Thank you for the question. You may recall, it was back in 2017 that
CME Group devised its new Bitcoin reference rate, which has become an essential reference rate for the
industry. We also created a reference rate for Ether. So these reference rates are highly used by the world
now, and again, were created by CME in conjunction with partners. So that's one of the unique value
propositions.

In addition to that, we offer, as you know, asset classes across the spectrum, across the entire
commodities spectrum, across the entire financial spectrum, across equities, rates and foreign exchange.
So I think the combination of all of the products that we offer is enormous. In addition to that, we are
highly regulated. We are highly transparent and we have an enormous distribution out to our partners.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CME GROUP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

CME Group, you, I'm sure, know, has a 170-year history of being the most reliable exchange in the United
States to offer partners. So I hope that, that helps to understand some of the value propositions.

Terrence A. Duffy
Chairman & CEO

Well, let me just add to what Sean said, because I think it is important. You referenced the reference
rates, and Julie Winkler and her team constantly are looking at different ways to bring value to the
company. And this is just another example, and maybe to further note a prior question that you don't
have to have transactable ideas in order to generate revenue in the future, and these reference rates are
something that have been very, very helpful for CME going forward.

And as Sean touched on, what I think is really important to highlight, is derivatory aspect of CME's
business, especially its crypto offering. You can imagine there's many people that are now more and more
every day looking for some form of exposure as cryptos are becoming more and more acceptable. The --
maybe the problem with that would be also the appreciation of the price of the product. People are maybe
a little bit more concerned about where they go to get that risk, and they want to make sure they're at
a regulated platform. Another reason the credibility of having a highly regulated platform is a benefit not
only to our crypto franchise but the entire CME Group. Sunil?

Sunil Cutinho
President of CME Clearing

One thing we want to add is that we have a very strong record of risk management, especially for both
Bitcoin and Ether, and we manage that through extreme periods of volatility seen even early this year.
So we -- this is true with every product that we bring to the market. We have a strong risk management
experience, and Sean pointed that out. We have over 100 years' experience clearing product.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Kyle Voigt with KBW.

Kyle Kenneth Voigt
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

So you spoke a bit about the LIBOR transition and the record activity in SOFR trading. But Terry, it
sounded a bit like the transition might be negatively impacting short-end interest rate open interest at the
moment. So I guess I'm just wondering, as the transition continues over the next couple of years, do you
expect this to be a headwind to OI or volume over that period of time? Or is this kind of just a near-term
impact?

And the second part of that question, maybe for John. Do you expect any impact on net fee capture to
your short-end complex through the transition to SOFR? And maybe you could talk about if there are any
fee holidays or incentives in place for SOFR trading at the moment and how long those will last?

Terrence A. Duffy
Chairman & CEO

So Kyle, I think there was about 3 or 4 questions embedded in your question between open interest cost
incentive plan. So let me pass to Sean to touch on a few of those. John and then I will also give you my
opinion.

Sean P. Tully
Senior MD and Global Head of Financial & OTC Products

Yes. So thank you, Kyle. Right now with huge growth in our SOFR futures and, as I said, we're also seeing
enormous growth in our Eurodollar futures and option, so we're seeing both marketplaces grow in parallel
side by side. So that's actually a very exciting development. As you go into the next couple of years, that
will also increase, and we expect to see an increase in the spread trading between the Eurodollars and the
SOFR futures.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CME GROUP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

In addition to that, you may recall we launched BSBY futures, not too long ago, where we're also doing
about 7,000 to 8,000 contracts a day depending upon the time frame. So the transition of the short-term
interest rate business to a new rate, whether it is the BSBY or the term SOFR or SOFR, is actually a very
positive thing in regards to the intercommodities trading between -- or the spread trading between the
different instruments. So that's actually a very positive development. I also remarked earlier that we've
seen enormous growth in the SOFR-linked products, again, with an ADV of more than 1.6 million contracts
a day in the third quarter. So that's growing very strongly.

In terms of incentives, yes, we have had incentives, as anyone who follows us closely knows, whenever
we start a market. And so we have had significant incentives in our SOFR futures over the recent quarters.
The good news there is that means that that's already priced into our revenues to a large extent. So
we will expect to continue those incentives for a period of time. But as you can imagine, as we have
with all of our products, you know the history, I'm sure, of our Bitcoin futures and how we've reduced
incentives there, our Micro E-minis and how we reduced incentives there and how those RPCs grew pretty
dramatically once those marketplaces got up and running.

So we would expect that as we get greater adoption of SOFR relative to Eurodollars, that the incentives
in SOFR would decline on a relative basis. So again, we're already spending a lot of money on incentives.
That's already baked in, in the last 12 months. And yes, we will continue to have some incentive spend,
but I don't expect any kind of a significant increase.

Terrence A. Duffy
Chairman & CEO

John?

John William Pietrowicz
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Thanks, Kyle. And just to echo what Sean said, I think over time, the -- we believe that with the
value proposition that we have, and we're already seeing significant amount of trading happening in
Eurodollars post the transition dates. So I think our clients are very comfortable with our -- with the
conversion program that we got in place and in the fallbacks we've got set up. So very, very excited about
the -- where -- what the team has done in terms of preparing us for the transition. I think they've done a
remarkable job in working closely with our clients to ensure that, that happens in a very orderly fashion.

In terms of fees, Sean's right, we do have some market maker programs in place. It's embedded in the
revenue that we've got right now. Over time, we would view SOFR being treated just like the rest of our
short-term interest rate products. So I don't see there being any unusual headwinds because of SOFR
versus any of our other short-term incentive products. And this is something that we, as a team, Julie,
Sean, myself and Derek and others, we look at our pricing all the time to ensure that we are pricing our
products appropriately to maximize our top line and to create as much liquidity as we can across our
platform 24 hours a day.

Terrence A. Duffy
Chairman & CEO

So Kyle, let me just wrap it up by saying it's really fascinating to me that when you look at the trillions
of dollars that is benchmarked to LIBOR today, and we are asking the world to transition in a very short
period of time into something else, you can imagine, just use an example, look at the automobile industry.
We're going to convert that, but we're talking about a 30-year conversion possibly. We're talking about --
in just a couple of years, we're going to convert trillions of dollars of assets benchmarked to LIBOR into
something else, which we believe we're in the strongest position of anybody to capture that risk offset.
And that is with the products that Sean outlined.

Now that will not be just a measure of open interest. It will be a measure of many things as we go through
this transition. To me, this might be the most exciting time in the history of interest rate trading that I've
ever seen in my 41 years here at the CME. So to me, I'm very optimistic about it, but I will not judge it on
open interest alone. I won't judge it on one particular issue alone. There's many factors that are going to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CME GROUP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

go into this. And Sean outlined some of the things that we have right now, not only on incentives, but with
the BSBY product, with Bloomberg, with the short-term SOFR rate and with the SOFR futures and options,
we think we're in a really strong position. And one of the benchmarks is open interest, and just Sean gave
it to you, we are the leader in that one by a long shot. So I'm very pleased with this transition.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll go ahead and take our next question from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Just want to go back to the micro size contracts and retail participation broadly. I think a while back, it
was -- I think retail generated low double-digit percentage of revenue. I just wanted to see if there was
an update on that and maybe how that's trended over the last couple of years since the creation of all the
micro size contracts.

And then I would imagine ETFs are considered an institutional customer given that who's actually trading.
But I don't know if you would put ETF usage on the underlying futures as part of retail or maybe if you
could talk about it on a pro forma basis, I guess, if that's possible; and then just how you think broadly
about that success in launching more micro contracts across the franchise.

Terrence A. Duffy
Chairman & CEO

Yes, it's a great question, Brian. Let me ask Julie Winkler to make a few comments on that, and the rest of
the team may play in as well. So Julie, go ahead.

Julie Winkler
Senior MD & Chief Commercial Officer

Yes. Thanks, Ryan. No, you are correct. Retail is a single-digit contribution from a customer segmentation
standpoint. So still a very -- we're on path for a very strong year in retail. It's looking to be the second
highest revenue year on record for us. I think the participation there is definitely strongest in the equity
suite of those micro products. And performance was a bit subdued through some of the quarter until
volatility started to pick up a little bit in kind of mid-September. And since then, we've definitely seen
further uptick in the business.

But it kind of also speaks to just the diversity of our suite, right? So the retail adoption of things like our
agricultural products has never been stronger than what we've seen this year. So ag revenue for retail in
APAC was up 86%; North American, up 30%. So overall participation to this is very, very strong. We're on
pace to about 375,000 traders in our markets this year, likely only surpassed by where we ended last year,
which was a record year.

And we talked quite a bit as well about the new client acquisition in the space. That has been strong as
well. We've brought on 134,000 new retail traders and really looking -- specifically, when we looked at
June, July and August, in 2021, we outpaced those levels that we saw in 2020 during those exact same
months. How we're doing that continues to be the same thing that we've talked about before. It's really
about driving that retail traffic to our digital properties there. We saw that activity more than double from
where we were last year. And also just the interest in our educational materials, we've had about 1 million
retail traders visit those properties through Q3, which is great.

And our partnership, those global broker partners that we have, the educational, the outreach efforts that
they make a huge part of this. In Asia alone, our broker partners have reached about 1.7 million active
traders year-to-date. And we've seen our digital educational events activities up over 178%. So I think it's
that continued focus on really that retail go-to-market that has kept the activity very strong. Do you want
to add anything?

Sean P. Tully
Senior MD and Global Head of Financial & OTC Products

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CME GROUP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Yes. No, I don't think I have much to add, right? We've seen very -- we've got good growth in our Micro
Treasury yields, futures doing about 8,000 a day. Our Micro E-minis month-to-date doing about 2.4 million
a day. So nothing really to add.

Terrence A. Duffy
Chairman & CEO

Brian, did that kind of address all your concerns?

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Yes, just on ETFs, those are considered institutional, I assume, right? Or is there any way to think about
it?

Julie Winkler
Senior MD & Chief Commercial Officer

Yes.

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Just with the Bitcoin usage on the ETFs, I'm thinking you might get more retail participation de facto in
that as well. I don't know if there's any way to pro forma that.

Terrence A. Duffy
Chairman & CEO

We wouldn't get more retail participation from that, Brian. You're correct. They are institutionally driven
products, the ETFs. But the more liquidity that's pumped into the system by the institutional players
always attracts the retail participants and, conversely, the same way the larger pool of retail participants
can attract institutional participants. So we see it going both ways, and we see this as an example of that.
So hopefully that answers your question, but I think you're right on. Sean?

Sean P. Tully
Senior MD and Global Head of Financial & OTC Products

And maybe one additional comment. In terms of the Micro Bitcoin futures, we are seeing huge growth on
the back of the ETFs, so greater interest in our Micro Bitcoin futures. So month-to-date, more than 27,000
contracts. Average daily volume's significantly up from the year-to-date of 21,000, as I mentioned earlier,
and open interest now at over 65,000 contracts in our Micro Bitcoin. So we've seen enormous growth in
our micro products, not just our institutional Bitcoin futures post the ETF launch.

Terrence A. Duffy
Chairman & CEO

So not to counter my colleague because it's not the proper thing to do on an earnings call, but I also
would attribute a lot of that to fundamentals in the marketplace. We also know crypto made an all-time
high last week of 60-plus-some-odd thousand, which could be driving some of those micro retail numbers.
But we do believe, as I said earlier, they work in unison together to bring more volume on both sides.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.

Michael J. Cyprys
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I was hoping you could update us on your ESG and sustainability products. What sort of traction and use
cases are you seeing there? And maybe you could talk a little bit about the new product road map, what

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CME GROUP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

that looks like. And if you could also elaborate on the new sustainable clearing services that I think you
launched and made available in September.

Terrence A. Duffy
Chairman & CEO

Both great questions. I'm going to ask Derek to touch on the product side, and I'll ask Sunil to touch on
the clearing side. So Derek?

Derek Sammann
Senior MD and Global Head of Commodities & Options Products

Yes. So appreciate the question, Michael. So I think probably the easiest way to start in our material that
we precirculated on Slide 4, you'll notice some very detailed comments about some of the products that
we've launched and what those mean to our franchise, specifically on the environmental product side. As
you know, we've launched in August, our nature-based GEO contracts. GEO is the global emissions offset
contracts, that complements the GEO contracts we launched earlier this year. And we continue to see
significant traction there, not just in terms of the traded volumes but, more importantly, the open interest
that we're accruing and then the deliveries that we're seeing of these contracts as well.

So since launch, we've actually now seen a peak -- we hit a peak open interest record of just over 10,000
contracts on December 21. We hit a new record just on Friday. And what's important about that is while
these contracts are now seen record open interest terms, we're also seeing record amounts of physical
deliveries of these offset certificates as well. So we've now facilitated the physical delivery of 146,000
offset credits across 4 separate delivery cycles.

And just to put that into context for what that means for customers that are taking delivery of these
certificates, that's the equivalent of 146 million metric tons of CO2 equivalent. So this is a market that
started really about 2 years ago. We partnered exclusively, as we shared with you on previous calls, with
CBL expanse of the largest spot platform in the voluntary offset market in the carbon markets. And we
now are delivering record amounts of volume through the platform and delivery of these certificates
through 4 delivery cycles. We'll have another one this week.

So this is a new market. We just launched our nature-based contracts in August of this year. So that's
pretty significant traction early on. There is a lot that's expected out of this conference in Glasgow, COP26.
And as we continue to work with the markets and connect where we are now on the global basis of where
these kind of go, it's a complement to the work that we've already done and continue to do on the equity
side where we host the world's largest ESG contract by nominal value, our S&P 500 ESG Index futures,
which has seen open interest above $4 billion notional value, which is pretty significant.

So when you look at the space, whether it's on the environmental product side, the traction that we're
seeing in a market that we are at the cutting edge of developing on the voluntary carbon market side
or how we're servicing the needs of customers that are looking for ESG-compliant investment vehicles,
we're leaders in both of those spaces. So we're happy with our positioning. We feel like we've chosen good
partners. And I think the market, as it adapts to a new world of carbon neutrality, we feel like we're in a
strong position there with the success we've already had.

Terrence A. Duffy
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Derek. Sunil, on that clearing?

Sunil Cutinho
President of CME Clearing

Yes. So thank you, Terry. So on sustainable clearing, we've seen a keen interest from our clients to
actually track their hedges. They use our entire complement of products, not just what Derek went
through, but they also use our interest rate and FX and equity products to hedge their exposure. So
what is important for these clients is to track their activity used to hedge their green investments as an
example. And we -- in clearing, we provide them a mechanism to actually track those exposures and
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CME GROUP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

report on them. This is a novel service. We have just started with a group of clients, and we look to
expand it to our product line.

Terrence A. Duffy
Chairman & CEO

Hopefully that gave you a little bit of color on that, Michael.

Operator

And we'll take our last question from Simon Clinch with Atlanta Equity.

It appears there are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back over to
management for additional or closing remarks.

Terrence A. Duffy
Chairman & CEO

Okay. Well, we thank you, all, very much for taking time out of your busy schedules. Once again, we wish
that you and your families stay safe and healthy during these very difficult days that we're all dealing with,
and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you.

Operator
This concludes today's call. Thank you, all, for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CME GROUP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

