Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. NYSE:CMG
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, February 04, 2020 9:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

2.75

2.86

4.00

4.09

13.96

14.05

0.64

18.11

1399.92

1440.22

2.88

1470.58

5543.87

5586.37

0.77

6230.44

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-03-2020 12:45 PM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

3.03

3.76

3.22

2.75

3.40

3.99

3.82

2.86

12.21 %

6.12 %

18.63 %

4.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Ashish Kohli
Head of Investor Relations

Brian R. Niccol
CEO & Director

John R. Hartung
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Andrew Michael Charles
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Christopher Emilio Carril
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Lauren Danielle Silberman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Nicole Miller Regan
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

David E. Tarantino
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Peter Mokhlis Saleh
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Sara Harkavy Senatore
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Dennis Geiger
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Jake Rowland Bartlett
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey,
Inc., Research Division

John Stephenson Glass
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Katherine Irene Fogertey
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon, and welcome to the Chipotle Mexican Grill Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year-End 2019
Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to Ashish Kohli, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Ashish Kohli
Head of Investor Relations

Hello, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter and fiscal year-end 2019 earnings call. By now,
you should have access to our earnings press release. If not, it may be found on our Investor Relations
website at ir.chipotle.com.

I will begin by reminding you that certain statements and projections made in this presentation about
our future business and financial results constitute forward-looking statements, including projections
about comparable restaurant sales growth, new store openings, our effective tax rate and expected G&A
expenses. These statements are based on management's current business and market expectations, and
our actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Please
see the risk factors contained in our annual report on Form 10-K and in our Form 10-Qs for a discussion of
risks that may cause our actual results to vary from these forward-looking statements.

Our discussion today will include non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to GAAP measures can be
found via the link included on the Presentation page within the Investor Relations section of our website.

We will start today's call with prepared remarks from Brian Niccol, Chief Executive Officer; and Jack
Hartung, Chief Financial Officer. After which, we will take your questions. Our entire executive leadership
team is available during the Q&A session.

And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Brian.

Brian R. Niccol
CEO & Director

Thanks, Ashish, and good afternoon, everyone.

We had a strong ending to 2019 as Q4 marks the eighth consecutive quarter of accelerating comparable
sales, which highlights that running great restaurants with the right leaders and the right culture delivers
outstanding performance. Our guests love what they see in our restaurants, and our team members
deserve all the credit. They are more passionate and committed than ever to delivering on our purpose of
cultivating a better world.

For the quarter, we reported sales of $1.4 billion, representing 17.6% year-over-year growth, which was
fueled by 13.4% comparable restaurant sales growth that included 8% transactions growth; restaurant-
level margins of 19.2%, which is 220 basis points higher than last year; earnings per share adjusted for
unusual items of $2.86, representing 66% year-over-year growth; and digital sales growth of 78% year-
over-year, representing 19.6% of sales.

Full year results also showed great progress, with sales growing 14.8% to reach $5.6 billion driven by an
11.1% comp with 7% transaction growth; restaurant AUV above $2.2 million; margin expansion of 180
basis points to 20.5%; and digital sales of $1 billion, which grew 90% versus the prior year.

These results were driven by the same 5 key fundamental strategies that I've mentioned previously:
number one, making the brand more visible and loved; number two, creating innovations, utilizing a
stage-gate process; number three, leveraging our digital make line to expand access and convenience;
number four, engaging with customers through our loyalty program; and number five, running successful
restaurants with a strong culture that provides great food, hospitality, throughput and economics.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

While Chipotle had an excellent 2019, what excites me the most is that we are just getting started. I
believe we have the opportunity to continue to expand AUVs, margins and store count over time. Our
strategy has plenty of runway that should help drive healthy comps in 2020 while also improving flow-
through.

Let me provide you an update on each of these strategies, beginning with our marketing programs,
which are designed to increase transactions and grow sales by driving culture, driving a difference and
ultimately driving purchases. We continue to iterate our national For Real TV campaign to showcase our
real ingredients, fresh food and the culinary skills of Chipotle team members in action. These ads are
honest, transparent and highly effective at driving awareness and reminding customers what makes
Chipotle great and a brand they love. This campaign is connecting with our customers as evidenced by
significant increases across almost all major drivers of brand strength, including trust and favorite brand in
our consumer brand tracker.

Our various marketing initiatives across both traditional and digital channels were successful in attracting
new users to Chipotle as well as motivating existing customers to come more often. Importantly, we
saw healthy transactions growth in 2019 without relying on short-term promotions. Although our overall
marketing budget relative to 2018 remained consistent at 3% of sales, the promo portion was actually
reduced by 15% and follows a sizable reduction in 2018 as well.

There's no doubt that marketing helped drive impressive sales during 2019. And based on the plans we
have in place, I expect more of the same in 2020. Chipotle will continue to have a presence in national
media where and when it makes sense. We will be a part of culturally relevant events, and we have an
always-on social and digital program. Our marketing efforts this year were elevated because we used the
stage-gate process to develop innovation that leads food culture and meets guest requests.

We are pleased to have rolled out several successful menu items that were validated by this process.
This included our pre-configured diet-driven Lifestyle Bowls, which were launched in January 2019 and
received terrific feedback as they showed that whatever lifestyle or diet you want to pursue, Chipotle's
real ingredients are a perfect fit. We recently enhanced this platform by adding a new Supergreen salad
mix composed of hand-cut romaine, baby kale and baby spinach as well as a Whole30 chicken to provide
guests with specific dietary goals more options.

The other noteworthy new item was carne asada, which was launched in September and will transition out
by the end of the first quarter. This premium steak continues to exceed our expectations. As a result, our
supply chain team is exploring options to see if we can add this as a permanent menu item at some point
in the future, contingent, of course, on us finding enough supply of high-quality ingredients that meet our
Food with Integrity standards.

As you think about 2020 and beyond, our goal is to continue introducing 1 to 2 new menu items on
average per year. Our pipeline remains robust with Queso Blanco, quesadillas and beverages currently
being tested in various markets. In fact, Queso Blanco has recently been validated via the stage-gate
process, allowing for a national rollout and replacement of our existing queso shortly.

Additionally, we have several items in the early stages of testing. We will keep you updated on their
progress over time. The key takeaway here is that the stage-gate process is working as expected and
gives me confidence that future innovations will delight our customers, ensure a seamless integration into
our current operations and derive a financial benefit.

Let's move now to the third key initiative: our digital platform designed to reduce friction while increasing
convenient access. The progress we've made here continues to be a standout story. Over the course
of 2019, we significantly upgraded our capabilities by completing the rollout of digital pickup shelves,
digitizing our digital make line and expanding our delivery capabilities to over 98% of our store base.
During Q4, these efforts resulted in digital sales of $282 million, which grew 78% year-over-year and
represented 19.6% of mix. In just 3 years, we have quadrupled the digital business, achieving over $1
billion in sales during 2019.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Moving forward, I'm really excited by the latest addition to our digital flywheel, the Chipotlane, which is off
to a great start. Customers love the fact they don't have to get out of their cars as well as having a pickup
time that is significantly faster than a traditional drive-thru. We continue to see overall digital penetration
for a Chipotlane restaurant in the high 20s with the majority of this being driven by our highest margin
order ahead and pickup transaction. We will more than double the number of Chipotlanes in 2020 because
our guests love the convenience and it strengthens our economic model by making our highest-margin
channel more accessible.

The next potential piece to enhance our digital offering is a new restaurant design that helps evolve our
mobile pickup shelves to an integrated digital pickup portal. We recently began to test several formats,
including one with a walk-up window across from Wrigley Field in Chicago. This 2,000-square-foot
restaurant is slightly smaller, has fewer seats, with customer-facing grab-and-go beverage case and digital
pickup shelves near the front door for easy access. By better suiting our restaurants to accommodate the
digital business, we will be able to provide a better overall experience for our guests.

Now that we have many of these digital tools in place, 2020 will be about using them more efficiently and
really leveraging our rewards program, which currently has more than 8.5 million enrolled members and
is one of the fastest-growing restaurant loyalty programs in history. While in 2019, we focused on member
growth. In 2020, we will not only further increase enrollment, but more importantly, look to optimize the
use of database marketing to incent behaviors as we build out our CRM capabilities.

Personalization and engagement are the cornerstones of our evolving loyalty strategy. We are encouraged
by the early signs of transaction increases across all frequency bands. We expect this lever to become
a bigger driver in the future as we gain more experience gathering customer insight while continuing to
expand our digital ecosystem.

This brings me to the most foundational ingredient of having a successful restaurant company: operational
excellence, which comes from great leaders, building great teams who create equally great guest
experiences. We continue to focus on outstanding execution by being brilliant at the basics. This requires
a significant investment in our more than 83,000 employees with regard to career development as well
as offering industry-leading benefits. Recent enhancements such as debt-free degrees, crew bonuses and
mental health benefits help differentiate the Chipotle brand. Nowadays, employees want more than just
wages from a potential employer. They are seeking the right culture and the right skills to help them grow,
both professionally and personally. Additionally, our purpose around Food with Integrity in cultivating a
better world also provides us a competitive advantage in this tight labor market.

Within our restaurants, we believe the general manager is the most important position to improving
operational health and ensuring a great customer experience. During 2019, this emphasis on our general
managers resulted in exceptional food that is being prepared more consistently, better stability with
turnover being reduced by around 35% and nearly a 10% improvement in our Max 15-minute throughput
KPI, aided by training and a laser focus on the 5 pillars of throughput. This success reinforces that
continuing to develop, grow and invest in our GMs is the right approach to creating an environment that
allows our employees to be in a position to win not only today but also in the future. We've made good
progress this year on our operational goals but still have plenty of opportunity as we strive to be better
today than we were yesterday, a message we will reinforce at our All Manager Conference in March.

In closing, I believe our strong performance this year highlights that our strategies are working and the
Chipotle brand is thriving. I am really proud of what we accomplished in 2019 and want to thank all of our
employees for winning today and creating a bright future. We're building a successful, durable model, and
by staying focused on our priorities and executing flawlessly while providing customers with the unique
Chipotle experience, I'm confident we will be successful for many years to come.

With that, here's Jack to walk you through the financials.

John R. Hartung
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Brian, and good afternoon, everyone.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Once again, we delivered outstanding financial performance in the fourth quarter as comps and margins
continue to expand, highlighting our strong economic model. Sales were $1.4 billion in the fourth quarter,
an increase of 17.6% from last year. Comp sales grew 13.4% in the quarter, which includes no net impact
from our rewards program. Deferred revenue from our rewards program was essentially offset by a refined
breakage rate assumption for chips and guacamole as we gather more historical data. Moving forward, as
we begin to lap the launch of our loyalty program, we expect quarterly deferrals to have a modest impact
on our comp.

Restaurant-level margins of 19.2% expanded 220 basis points over last year. And earnings per share
adjusted for unusual items was $2.86, representing 66% year-over-year growth. The fourth quarter had
unusual expenses related to our transformation as well as legal reserves that negatively impacted our
earnings per share by $0.31, leading to GAAP earnings per share of $2.55.

For the full year, sales increased 14.8% to $5.6 billion on a comp increase of 11.1%. Restaurant-level
margins were 20.5%, an increase of 180 basis points. And we generated earnings per share adjusted
for unusual expenses of $14.05, an increase of 55% over last year. Unusual expenses mostly related to
transformation and legal reserves negatively impacted our earnings per share by $1.67, leading to GAAP
earnings of $12.38.

We're pleased that our unit economics strengthened in 2019, with average volumes now exceeding $2.2
million and restaurant margin reaching 20.5%. This margin included temporary pressure from carne asada
and avocado pricing, without which our restaurant-level margins would have been just over 21%, which
is within striking distance of the 22% margin potential at a $2.2 million AUV. The growth in AUVs and
margins in 2019 is evidence that our strong economic model remains intact, and we expect continued
growth in both of these metrics during 2020 and beyond.

The Q4 comp at 13.4% was driven by an acceleration in transactions as 8% of the comp came from
greater guest visits. We also saw an increase in check of roughly 5.4% driven by price and mix, the latter
being driven by carne asada and digital orders, which have a higher average check.

Looking to fiscal 2020, where comparisons will no doubt be tougher, we're optimistic that based on the
healthy sales trends thus far in Q1, plus the 2% price increase taken in December, combined with our
future growth initiatives, that a mid-single-digit comp is achievable for the full year.

During the fourth quarter, we opened 80 new restaurants, a record number of openings for a quarter,
bringing total new restaurant openings for the year to 140. Productivity of these units is in the high 80%
range, the highest in the company's history. I'm really proud of the hard work put in by our development
teams and our operations teams, especially given the significant back-end loading that occurred in
2019. We opened 46 Chipotlanes in the quarter, resulting in 66 Chipotlanes at year-end. And as Brian
mentioned, we're excited by the early success of these Chipotlanes, and we'll continue to aggressively
open more moving forward.

For 2020, we anticipate opening 150 to 165 new restaurants, with more than half including a Chipotlane.
While these openings will once again be weighted towards the second half of the year, we expect a
modestly better balance in comparison to last year. About 35% of these openings are expected to occur in
the first half of 2020 versus only 25% in the first half of last year.

Food costs for the quarter were 33.1%, a decrease of 10 basis points from last year due primarily to a
menu price increase and lower avocado pricing that was partially offset by the higher cost of several other
ingredients, including about a 70 basis point headwind from carne asada as it was available for the entire
quarter. On a sequential basis, avocado pricing continue to moderate given greater supply coming from
Mexico as we begin the more plentiful harvest year. For Q1, we expect ongoing moderation in avocado
pricing as a result of increasing supply, but we believe this will be partially offset by higher carne asada
costs, resulting in cost of sales being in the mid-32% range.

Food costs for the full year to be in the low to mid-32% range based on better avocado pricing and further
supply chain efficiencies being partially offset by what appears thus far to be a normal cycle of protein
inflation.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Labor costs for the quarter were 26.5%, a decrease of 60 basis points from last year. This decrease was
driven primarily by sales leverage, partially offset by labor inflation, which continues to be in the 4% to
5% range, including the cost of benefits, such as debt-free tuition. We expect Q1 labor cost to be in the
mid-26% range, with sales leverage and wage inflation being the biggest factors.

Other operating costs for the quarter were 14.8%, a decrease of 70 basis points from Q4 last year due to
sales leverage. Marketing promo costs were 4.1% in the quarter, similar to Q4 of last year, but a 210 basis
point increase sequentially to support carne asada and our Free Delivery Bowl promotion. For the full year,
our marketing investment was 3% of sales, as expected.

Looking at 2020, we once again anticipate spending around 3% of sales overall for the year, with Q1 being
in the low to mid-3% range compared to the 2.5% we spent in Q1 of last year in order to support our
ongoing menu innovation.

During the quarter, we booked $10 million for legal reserves related to the U.S. Attorney's investigation
that began in January 2016. This brings the total reserve to $25 million. We believe this amount is a
reasonable estimate of what we may be expected to pay to settle this matter. While there can be no
assurance that a settlement will be reached, we have been cooperating with the investigation, and we're in
active discussions to possibly resolve this matter.

G&A for the quarter was $112 million on a GAAP basis or $106 million on a non-GAAP basis, excluding
nearly $4 million net related to several legal matters, including the $10 million reserve I just mentioned,
and about $2 million related to transformation expenses. G&A also includes approximately $75 million in
underlying G&A expenses, $25 million related to noncash stock comp, $4.5 million related to higher bonus
accruals from our strong performance and related payroll taxes and $1.5 million related to our upcoming
All Manager Conference. Underlying G&A was in line with our expectations as we grew headcount
responsibly to support our growth.

Looking to Q1, we expect to continue hiring people to support future growth and invest in our emerging
digital platform. This will lead to Q1 underlying G&A support in the range of $77 million to $80 million,
and total G&A is expected to be around $120 million. We expect stock comp to be around $23 million per
quarter, although this amount could move up or down based on our actual performance. This is slightly
lower than Q4 as the 2017 equity bonuses roll off post vesting and are replaced with new 2020 grants
which are valued at target without any performance adjustment. We also expect to recognize between
$3 million to $4 million of employer taxes associated with shares that vest at the beginning of our fiscal
year. Lastly, we're expecting to recognize about $13 million of expenses in Q1 related to our upcoming All
Manager Conference.

Our effective tax rate for Q4 was 28.3% on a GAAP basis and 27% on a non-GAAP basis. The difference
was due primarily to tax implications related to transformation costs. For fiscal 2020, we expect our
underlying effective tax rate to be in the 26% to 29% range, though it may vary based on discrete items
as well as any stock option exercises.

Our balance sheet remains strong with cash and investments totaling $909 million as of December 31. And
similar to Q3, we repurchased about $38 million of our stock at an average price of $773 per share during
the quarter. For the full year, we repurchased $188 million at an average price of $684 per share.

In closing, we're pleased to report a strong ending to fiscal 2019, including 8% transaction growth, which
highlights that our strategies are resonating not only with high-frequency customers, but also with median
frequency and new customers. Continuing to enhance convenience and access while optimizing our digital,
marketing, menu and operations will help ensure the Chipotle brand remains healthy moving forward.
Thank you to all of our employees for their hard work and their dedication this year, and let's keep it going
in 2020.
With that, we're happy to take your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And the first question will come from David Tarantino with Baird.

David E. Tarantino
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Congratulations on a strong year. My question, Jack, is about the margin performance at the restaurant
level. Just wondering if you could comment on the flow-through that you saw in Q4 and throughout the
year. And I think you mentioned that at a $2.2 million AUV, the expectation would be that you'd have
margins in the 22% range, and you're a bit below that. So can you reconcile some of the factors that are
driving that and what the algorithm might look like going forward as you grow the unit volumes?

John R. Hartung
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, David. First of all, we still think that the margin potential at $2.2 million is right around 22%. There
are a couple of things that were headwinds during the year. One, we saw some really, really high avocado
costs during the summer. That had an impact. And then we also had carne asada, which, I think, as you
know, for most of the quarter, we priced carne asada at just $0.50 above steak, and it costs us about
$0.35 to $0.40 or so. And we did that intentionally as a transaction builder, but it did have a temporary
negative impact on our margin.

Now during the quarter, we did take a price increase. We increased carne asada another $0.25. We got a
$0.75 upcharge, and we didn't see any degradation in demand at all. So we think there's room when we
do additional premium offerings like that, that we can price them at full margin.

The other thing going on, David, that also have, what I would call, temporary headwinds is we just started
our loyalty program last year. We did a great job of acquiring well over 8 million customers into the
program. With that acquisition comes the discounts. And yet, we haven't really monetized that asset yet.
So that has a little bit of an impact on the margin as well.

Then our delivery business is growing well also. So all these things are what I would call temporary or
cyclical headwinds that we can overcome all of them. We still feel confident that when we get to $2.2
million, we can generate a 22% margin. We get to $2.3 million, we can generate a 23% margin. We think
that potential still exists within the model.

Operator

And the next question will come from Nicole Miller with Piper Sandler. We'll move to our next question.
That's Katie Fogertey with Goldman Sachs.

Katherine Irene Fogertey
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

I have a couple of questions here. So first of all, with bringing the Supergreens onto the menu in January
and kind of expanding the Lifestyle Bowl offering that you did in 4Q, can you give us a sense of how your
bowl versus burrito mix is changing here and how that is evolving? And any kind of color that you can give
us on labor and margin efficiencies as you move to the bowl away from the burrito. And I have a follow-
up.

Brian R. Niccol
CEO & Director

Sure. So yes, the reality is our business continues to show a slight migration to bowls. The thing that's
great about that is, that's our fastest product on the Chipotle menu. And it also provides, I think, the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

customer the greatest value proposition because of all the customization that they see right in front of
them with all of our ingredients right in front of them.

So the good news is the Supergreens proposition has been well received. It's performing in line with
expectations, and the customer feedback on it has all been very positive. So it's perfectly in sync. And I
think we talked about this earlier. One of the things we heard early on from our customer was, they would
like us to improve our salad, and that's what we're doing with the Supergreens salad mix.

Katherine Irene Fogertey
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Great. That's helpful. And do you have a sense of the mix of the bowls versus burritos?

Brian R. Niccol
CEO & Director

The rule of thumb is 2/3 bowls is the way to think about it. And then the next piece is burritos followed by
tacos. Tacos are the smallest.

Katherine Irene Fogertey
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Okay. And then on the delivery cost side, we're seeing more and more restaurants pass on the delivery
cost to the customer and not seeing really any kind of impact to demand. And you kind of talked about
having some room to move on carne asada and not seeing the customer -- not seeing any traffic hit there.
Is that a potential opportunity for this year for you guys to pass on some of those delivery costs to the
customer?

Brian R. Niccol
CEO & Director

Yes. Look, I think the good news is our value equation is really strong at Chipotle. So we have room if we
find that the economic proposition requires us to pass along some of these costs in the delivery channel or
we want to bring out some elevated ingredients. The good news is, our value proposition is really strong
and the elasticity would allow us to do it. Currently, we like the economics that we have, and we're more
in the acquisition mode of using delivery as a tool to get people into our digital ecosystem. So the good
news is, we got the right value proposition that if we wanted to flex it, we could.

Operator

Next question, we'll move back to Nicole Miller with Piper Sandler.

Nicole Miller Regan
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Can you hear me okay now?

Brian R. Niccol
CEO & Director

Yes.

Nicole Miller Regan
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

I apologize for that earlier. I wanted to ask about how you think about directing the balance sheet. So
when we look back on last year, clearly was better at every quarter versus where you started guiding the
year and what the Street expected. So maybe some of the things that you didn't do, so not necessarily
an acceleration in development. How do you view that as a use of cash? The share repurchase hasn't
necessarily increased and would you use leverage? And then when might a dividend be appropriate?

John R. Hartung

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Chief Financial Officer

Yes, Nicole. Let me start with buybacks. We bought, I think it was like $168 million during the year, $38
million during the quarter. Our cash balance did grow during the fourth quarter. We actually suspended our
buys during the quarter for a while as we got into serious negotiations with the government. Our counsel
advised us to suspend that for a while. With this release, we'll be able to get back in the market. So I
think what you'll see is, we will be opportunistic as we look at the share price and we look at our balance
sheet to do buybacks at the appropriate level.

In terms of investing in return-generating assets, the best investment we can make is into our Chipotle
restaurants. And I would not expect us to do a stairstep increase in the openings, but you will see an
increase over time. Our pipeline is building very, very nicely, and that's going to be a great return for us.

We're also going to dabble in remodels this year as well. So we've got several hundred restaurants that
need a refresh so that they are more digital-forward. So we're going to experiment with that. And if that
goes well, which we're optimistic about, that will be another opportunity for us. And I would expect that
would be a return-generating asset as well.

We, from time to time, Nicole, talk about dividends, but it's not really on the radar screen right now. We
think that we're more in growth mode and opportunistic buyback of our stock and not dividend generating.
That might change in the future. But right now, we're not considering a dividend.

Brian R. Niccol
CEO & Director

The only thing I would add is, we have $1 billion digital business that continues to grow nicely. And where
we see opportunities to invest in continuing to push the digital access in our business, we're going to do
that because it makes a lot of sense for both performance today and performance in the future.

Nicole Miller Regan
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

And just a follow-up. What's the practice on leverage? How do you feel about it? Would you deploy it?

John R. Hartung
Chief Financial Officer

No, Nicole. That's financial engineering. That's something that I think is more appropriate for a more
mature, slow-growing company. So I would not expect us to put leverage on the balance sheet.

Operator

And our next question comes from Sara Senatore with Bernstein.

Sara Harkavy Senatore
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

I have one question and then a follow-up, please. First, on just menu innovation. You talked about the
Supergreens performing in line with expectations. But if I think about carne asada, I think it probably
exceeded expectations, which is why you're bringing back permanently and maybe was, we'd estimate,
maybe was much of a mid-single-digit mix or lift. So how should we think about menu innovation going
forward? Was that sort of a unique experience and we wouldn't expect to see these kind of big hits or do
you just think you could have more opportunities that would be as meaningful? And then I have a follow-
up, please.

Brian R. Niccol
CEO & Director

Yes. So obviously, we're really delighted with the carne asada performance. It's evidence that our stage-
gate process towards innovation really is working. And the thing that was great about carne asada is we

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

stayed true to our principles around Food with Integrity and bringing out great quality meat. And when the
customers got to try it, they loved it and they came back for more.

So we're working right now to figure out, can we get a supply so that we could make it permanent. And if
we can secure that supply, then we probably make it permanent, but we haven't been able to finalize that
point yet. So customers loved it. The performance was great. As we figure out our supply scenario on this,
we'll figure out the right time to bring it back. And if we can, we'll figure out a way to make it permanent.

But regarding the innovation going forward, what I love about this brand is, we have the ability to, I think,
give people access to food that they don't get access to anywhere else. And I think that's why we got the
response that we did on our Lifestyle Bowls, the response that we got on carne asada, Supergreens, and
that's what we're going to continue to push against. And Queso Blanco is the most recent product that's
gone through our stage-gate process that now we're ready to bring this to market and replace our existing
queso. I think we've mentioned, we've been working on quesadillas and some beverages.

So the thing that's great is, I think we've got a cadence that's building. And as I mentioned before, we're
not going to be moving to a place where you're doing something every 4 to 6 weeks. That's not our
business. That's not who we are. You can expect us to do 1 or 2 of these initiatives on the menu because
it's the right cadence for operators to execute really well. And it's also the right cadence, I think, to give
our customers the variety that they're looking for in our business.

So I love what's happening in our menu, and I love what's happening in our pipeline. And I think this
stage-gate process is proving to be a very effective tool.

Sara Harkavy Senatore
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Okay. Great. And then my follow-up is just, I think in terms of the guidance, mid-single-digit comp, I
think, Jack, historically, you've kind of guided to whatever the current run rate of volume does not assume
much of an acceleration, but is it safe to say that quarter-to-date, you're still seeing kind of low double-
digit comps? I mean, that would be the implication, I think, if I...

John R. Hartung
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. The way I would say that, Sara, is that the dollar sales that we saw in the fourth quarter continued
into the first quarter, but the comparison is different. So yes, the comps are strong. Still keep in mind,
we'll have to compare to a 13.4% in the fourth quarter of next year. And then when we run through the
carne asada, we'll lose some check as well. The carne asada added about 150 basis points to the average
check. So we'll see that as well. We're optimistic we'll keep all those transactions, but that will have a bit
of an impact.

Brian R. Niccol
CEO & Director

Yes. The only thing I would add to that is, we mentioned that the brand has got, I think, really excellent
momentum. And I tried to highlight that in the script by talking about how we've seen trust and favorite
brand metrics really move forward.

And so I just want to make sure people understand. I think the reason why we had the quarter that
we had is not because we had carne asada, and it was just one thing that drove this business. I really
do believe our operations are running better than they ever have been. We saw an opportunity to be
even better. But our operations are running better. They're running faster. The food is more consistent.
We have lower turnover, and I think we've got better execution. You think about all the progress on
digital, and then I think the progress we've made on allocating our marketing dollars so that it is driving
purchases without using discounting as the crunch. And then obviously, layered on top, we had a nice
menu innovation around carne asada.

So I just want to make sure people understand, it's not a one-trick here on why I believe we've got 8
points of transaction growth and a 13.4% comp as a result of it.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Operator

The next question will come from Andrew Charles with Cowen and Company.

Andrew Michael Charles
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Brian, you mentioned during the quarter an openness to work with other third-party delivery providers
beyond the national partnership you have with DoorDash and also the agreement you have in place with
Postmates. And I'm curious, what would lead you to pursue working with other delivery providers as well
as does your agreement with DoorDash indicate you would see higher commissions if you were to onboard
another delivery partner? And then also a follow-up for Jack.

Brian R. Niccol
CEO & Director

Okay. Yes, look, I think the reason why I said we're going to be open to it is, at the end of the day, we got
to give access to our customers where they want Chipotle, when they want Chipotle and how they want
Chipotle. And I think the delivery channel is proving to be one of those access points. The relationship
with DoorDash has been great. Working with Postmates has been great. We'll see how things unfold going
forward. But I do think, ultimately, the delivery marketplace is not going to be an exclusive proposition. I
think the delivery marketplace is going to be about giving customers access accordingly.

So we're continuing to talk to all the players. And when the right opportunity presents itself, we'll figure
out whether or not we bring on additional players or not. But yes, we're open to it. And the real driver of it
is, we want to deliver on the needs of our customers.

Andrew Michael Charles
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Sure. And then, Jack, beyond if you would see a higher commission from DoorDash if you were to onboard
another provider. Looking at labor, it looks like labor dollars per store growth accelerated quite a bit. Our
model suggests about 10% growth, which is well in excess of the 4% to 5% labor inflation you called out
despite the accelerated digital growth, which is obviously more favorable for labor. What do you attribute
this acceleration to? Is it the incremental benefits? Is it the greater number of crew members to handle
the greater traffic? Just curious for modeling purposes how we should think about labor in 2020.

John R. Hartung
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. It's traffic-driven. So if you just take a standard 10% increase in labor when we have 8%. Keep in
mind, we have 8% in terms of transactions, but we also had mix, which means we're cooking more food
as well. So we only had a 2% price increase. So the rest is more food, more customers that we're serving.
It does take more labor. And so our labor is more partially fixed, partially variable. Frankly, during the
quarter, our labor performed the way that it should have. We saw 60 basis points of leverage even though
we had about 140 basis points of inflation and then benefit headwind. So we had to come up with a couple
of hundred basis points of leverage based on the price increase and based on the higher transactions.

We also during the fourth quarter, keep in mind, we opened up a record number of restaurants. And
so that's another piece where just with that alone, you're going to add labor, not just to staff the 80
restaurants, but we also have to train those folks before the restaurants open. And we tend to have an
allocation or allowance for more labor hours early on in the first week or the first several weeks because
people are learning and we don't know exactly what the sales are. So there's a number of things why you
see higher labor in the fourth quarter.

Operator

And the next question is from David Palmer with Evercore ISI.

David Sterling Palmer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Congrats on a great year. Interesting that your digital mix increased by 7 points in that fourth quarter.
Your same-store sales growth was obviously a lot higher at over 13. So you can see how the new product
news is letting you not lean as hard on delivery and digital order growth to drive the comp. Looking into
this year, how do you see your growth contribution going forward? You mentioned a new product. But then
again, you're also talking about ways to engage that loyalty member. Then I have a quick follow-up.

Brian R. Niccol
CEO & Director

Yes, David. So the way we're thinking about it is, marketing combined with our CRM is a real opportunity
to grow the business, both with new users and existing users. And then as we think about our digital
business, one of the things that I'm really excited about is our order ahead business. As we continue to
get people into our digital system, they really see the benefits of, one, joining the rewards program; but
two, just the convenience, the ease of access by using, whether it's the website or the app. So we believe
there's going to be continued growth there.

And then obviously, I continue to believe that there's more growth out of our -- just running our
restaurants better. As we continue to improve on our throughput, that just basically continues to be a
multiply effect, right? It's like carne asada, the digital business, none of it would be nearly as effective if
we don't have strong execution on the basics with our restaurants.

I feel like every one of these calls, people are always like, well, what was the one thing? And what's the
one thing to drive comp going forward? I really continue to believe the strategies that we've outlined all
contribute to our ongoing growth model. And we've got lease on some, we'll provide more certain times of
the year, and others we'll provide more other times of the year. But in the end, that's why we had the year
that we had. And that's why I believe we'll continue to perform going forward.

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

And maybe the quick follow-up on that is related to, I think, a conception that going into this year,
you're going to be lapping pre-delivery windows. And you've done those margin-dilutive ways to onboard
consumers. And I guess the question I would have is, once you have them on board, I think you said 8
million strong, how do you convert them into more digital users? Do you feel like you can maybe have
your cake and eat it too with margins and sales as you grow that digital user base? And I'll pass it on.

Brian R. Niccol
CEO & Director

Yes. Yes. Look, David, obviously, what you just articulated is how we want this to play out, where we
continue to invest to grow the database. The good news is, I think going forward it's going to be more
balanced between an acquisition as well as kind of driving behavioral changes. And as our digital business
continues to grow, as Chipotlanes become more prevalent, we think there's opportunity for us to become
even more efficient in how we provide people that great Chipotle experience.

And the one thing I would mention is, Jack said this in the very beginning, like the bottom line is, we
hold ourselves accountable to make the economic model consistent with what we've been talking about.
You get to $2.5 million, we'll have 25% margins. And we think we see a clear sight of path on how that
all happens through a combination of initiatives and then just being really, I think, smart about how we
manage the P&L accordingly. So it's a great situation to be in where we've invested and now we are going
to be able to take advantage of those investments in the digital space. But I think it also plays out in a lot
of different ways that people access the Chipotle brand. So obviously, we're very proud of where we are,
but I'm really excited about where we're going is kind of the summary.

Operator

The next question will come from Lauren Silberman with Crédit Suisse.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Lauren Danielle Silberman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I want to ask about the loyalty program. So now with the 8.5 million members less than a year after
launching, what do you think makes Chipotle different than maybe some of the competitors as it relates to
customer acquisition? And thinking about the trajectory of membership growth going forward, any color on
kind of when you start to turn on more of the personalized marketing?

Brian R. Niccol
CEO & Director

Yes. Look, I think Chipotle is a unique restaurant company. And any time we have found that we provide
people the ability to have more engagement or more access, they want to be a part of that. And I think
that's why the rewards program has had such quick adoption. I think it's a testament to the fact that we
are committed to Food with Integrity. We've got a great value proposition, all the reasons why you love
Chipotle, okay?

Now the thing that's great is we have 8.5 million customers, and the personalization really is just getting
started. So I'm already seeing some of our tactics going to the marketplace. And what's great to see is
we're seeing it having effect on just about every cohort that we're targeting. And we define those cohorts
both on purchase frequency as well as, I would call it, lifestyle.

And so I think it's going to continue to be something we're going to want to invest to continue to grow.
But at the same time, we're now taking that universe and really using it as a smart way to grow the
business. And it's a hugely valuable asset, and it's an asset we're going to really drive going forward.

Lauren Danielle Silberman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Great. And just a follow-up to the digital sales growth. I think there's a perception that majority is coming
from deliveries for customers going through the third-party platform. Are there opportunities to convert
them to the Chipotle digital ecosystem?

Brian R. Niccol
CEO & Director

Yes. I would tell you that, that's a little bit of a misconception. The thing that's great is, as we see people
come into the digital system, we see really nice gains in our order ahead business. So in the early days,
obviously, delivery was on a percent growth rate was one of the biggest parts of our digital business. But
one of the things I'm really excited about is the progress we're making on the order ahead business. And
delivery is proving to be just a great experience for people that maybe didn't have that occasion with
Chipotle in the past. Now they believe it's convenient so they can have those occasions with Chipotle, both
order ahead as well as delivery. So it's working nicely as a system between rewards, order ahead, delivery
and now with Chipotlane.

Operator

The next question is from Peter Saleh with BTIG.

Peter Mokhlis Saleh
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

I wanted to ask about the second make line. The second make line, the digitized second make line is
now in all the stores. Digital sales are now approaching 20%. So are you starting to see some leverage
on that second make line? Is there anything noticeable? Any which way that you guys can break out the
contribution that you're seeing from that second make line now?

Brian R. Niccol
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Look, I think we're going to be very smart about how we take advantage of that efficiency. Our most
important thing right now is we want to give people a great digital experience. That's why we've invested
in those digital make lines. We've invested in the -- we're calling now the digital portal pickup.

And the thing that's great is, we know the efficiencies there, and we're going to be smart about how we
implement that efficiency into the business so that we don't affect our growth and/or the experience that
the customer has.

So we're delighted that we're closing around 20%, but that's not the end of this journey. That's just one of
the stops on our journey to, I think, a much bigger business than where we are today.

Operator

The next question is from Jake Bartlett with SunTrust.

Jake Rowland Bartlett
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

Great. My first one is on throughput. You mentioned an improvement in the peak-hour throughput. I think
you said 10% or maybe 10 seconds. Maybe I misheard. But if you could just remind us what that was and
where you are in terms of throughput versus the kind of the low of your throughput, trying to see how
much you've improved since that low and maybe when that low was.

Brian R. Niccol
CEO & Director

Yes. So it was 10% improvement is what I said. But yes, I think we talked about this as, at our peak,
we were doing low 30s, mid-30s in the max 15. And unfortunately, that dropped to kind of the low 20s,
mid-20s. And what I'm happy to say is Scott and the team have really put a lot of focus on how do we
get back to great throughput. And the more we have stability in the restaurants, the more we have
consistency in our KPIs and what we're going to hold our teams accountable for. I think we'll continue to
see this metric improve, which just provides a better experience for our customer.

But yes, the way to think about it is, we had about a 10% improvement. And what I'm happy to say is,
as we've moved into 2020, we continue to see the improvement. So this is one of those things that builds
on top of itself. And if you were to talk to any of our team members, they would all know throughput is a
key pillar as well as having great food, great teams and having those restaurants staffed correctly. So I'm
really optimistic about where operations are going to take this metric going forward.

Jake Rowland Bartlett
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

Great. And I think of throughput as a key sales driver, but it also could be cost savings. Is throughput part
of what you talked about in your prepared script around just flow-through -- better flow-through of profits
in 2020? Is that going to contribute to kind of keep labor in check?

Brian R. Niccol
CEO & Director

Yes. I mean it's part of it. The flow-through I'm referring to is kind of where Jack started this conversation
in regard to, look, for every incremental dollar, we expect X percent to flow to the bottom line. And then
that's how we hold the model consistent so that when we do get to $2.5 million, we'll have 25% margins
or better.

So it's not just one thing, but obviously, that's a key indicator that we're running the restaurants correctly.
You're not running the restaurants correctly if we're not going fast. And so one thing we do know is a busy
restaurant, a restaurant that's running quick is a well-run restaurant. The team members prefer working in
that environment and the customers prefer getting their food in that environment. So all really good stuff.

Jake Rowland Bartlett
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Great. And then, Jack, last question on G&A. You mentioned this kind of on the underlying G&A and the
guidance for the first quarter, I think you said $77 million to $80 million, if I got that right. But that, to
me, is up -- I mean, it looks versus the first quarter of last year, up about 9%, 10%. Is that the right run
rate just in terms of the underlying G&A, that underlying G&A should grow that quickly? I was kind of
more in the impression that you could kind of keep a mid-single-digit G&A growth longer term.

John R. Hartung
Chief Financial Officer

No. I think that's right. Over the long term, I think that's about right. We started the transformation and
this move about 1.5 years ago, and so there's a few gaps that we need to fill. And so that's why we want
to make sure you guys saw what we were doing into the first quarter. But I think more of a mid-single-
digit-ish in terms of underlying G&A. So we will grow our G&A at a less than the sales rate so we can
leverage it. I think that's correct to think about it long term.

But keep in mind, as Brian mentioned, we're in the early days of digital so some of these resources, a lot
of these resources, in fact, are making sure that we've got the right skill gaps when it comes to digital,
when it comes to some of the CRM, things like that. And so we want to make sure we get ahead of those.
But I think over a longer period of time, I think something more in that kind of mid-single digit as opposed
to a high single digit is probably a good way to think about it.

Jake Rowland Bartlett
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

Great. And just to be clear, the first quarter should be higher than -- rest of the year should be more in
line with the long term or the whole year is going to be a year of investment?

John R. Hartung
Chief Financial Officer

The whole year is going to be up because we're going to hire people, and then they're going to be into the
base.

Operator

The next question is from Dennis Geiger with UBS.

Dennis Geiger
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Brian, you talked about employee benefits and initiatives, kind of how that's been translating into
operational excellence. Just kind of wondering if you could talk a bit more about building the talent pool,
what that's meant for the quality of restaurants looking ahead, in particular. I don't know if you still frame
it as far as a restaurant, et cetera. Just the progress that you've made there on the restaurant pool. And
then just going one step further, thinking a little longer term around restaurant development, it feels like
that this has always kind of been what the limiting factor from an employee talent perspective. Just how
you're thinking about those benchmarks from a talent perspective to where you can kind of see a step
change looking ahead from a store growth perspective.

Brian R. Niccol
CEO & Director

Sure. Sure. So look, I'll give you a little bit of an example to bring to life the progress that I think we're
making on restaurants. I was actually in Denver just a couple of weeks ago. And Denver is one of our
older markets. And I was visiting with our team director there, Alfredo Ponce. And he has got just terrific
restaurant general managers. And this one young lady, who is running one of our restaurants, she's had
3 consecutive quarters where she's hit all the KPIs, and her and her entire crew have all gotten bonuses.
And she is on her way in the fourth, so the first quarter. I mean, she's going to walk in and she's like, she
wanted to show me her AB scorecard. It was all green. It was As everywhere. And the first thing she told
me is like, we're going to get our fourth quarter in a row of a crew bonus.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

And every one of those employees had a smile on their face. They were truly energized, truly engaged.
And I give that just as one example of what I see as I now travel more and more across the country.
Whether you're in Arizona, Boston, New York, we're seeing our team members, I think, just be more
energized, more engaged and just super proud of making a difference. And it's hard to put a value on
that.

As part of this process though we ask them, what does more support look like for you to be successful
at Chipotle? And what they came back with is, look, tuition reimbursement is great, but I actually need a
debt-free program like I need a program where I don't put myself in a place where I'm behind the 8 ball.
And that's why we came up with a debt-free degree program. We also heard loud and clear from a lot of
young people, mental health is top of mind for not only them but their family. And so we brought forward
those benefits.

So English as a second language is something also too where people are like, hey, it's great to have a
benefit for me, but it'd be great if I could have for my whole family. And the reason why this is important
is, we want the employee to feel great about working there, but we want those around them to feel great
about them working at Chipotle as well. And I think we're seeing the impact of that.

And we're going to continue to fine-tune the benefits. We're going to continue fine-tuning the employee
value proposition. But my goal and our team's goal is, we want people to believe and experience that
when they work at Chipotle, they get to be themselves, they will get to grow professionally, and they will
get to grow personally. And I think if we do that, we'll continue to attract the right people, and we'll get
much better outcomes than if we didn't have all these things in place to attract these types of people. So
it's one of the places that I'm hugely passionate about, and it makes you get really excited when you see
it happening in our restaurants.

Operator

The next question comes from John Glass with Morgan Stanley.

John Stephenson Glass
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

First, just on the loyalty and program enhancements, Brian, that you're planning. How much work has
been done? Are you ready to do sort of Phase 2 and do more bespoke offers or is there more work behind
the scenes that you need to do before you can do that? I know it's easier said than done. And when should
we expect those more bespoke or personalized offers to start appearing?

Brian R. Niccol
CEO & Director

Yes. John, great question. The bespoke or more personalized offers have begun. We're kind of rolling right
now with it. So it's going to be happening all year long. And I think as every week goes by, we're only
going to get better at it. It's nice to see the work that's been done over the last year start to come to
fruition in 2020.

John Stephenson Glass
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

And then, Jack, just 2 margin questions. One is, you didn't mention in the labor commentary the cost
of the bonus program. Can you just quantify what that may have been? And I assume that's entirely
variable, right? So if comps were to moderate, some of the bonus goes away, so we shouldn't worry about
labor dollars per store growth. It's going to be relative to comp growth. Is that fair as it relates to the
bonus?

John R. Hartung
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Well, first, we're not breaking out the dollar amount, John. I would put that into the category of the
4% to 5% inflation. That's the piece where I mentioned we have about 140 basis points of headwind in

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

labor. So that includes normal wage inflation, includes debt-less degrees and includes the bonus program.
All these things that Brian mentioned, those are all in that. And I know that doesn't technically qualify as
wage inflation the way you might think about it, but these are all things we're doing to make sure that we
have the best workforce we can and that we engage them and that we keep them. So that's all included in
that number.

And I wouldn't think of it as 100% variable, John, because there's qualitative figures in there as well.
Sure, when sales are good, that means the margin is going to be good. And so they'll be hitting those
metrics. There's other metrics as well that aren't as direct. So I would call it semi-variable. So generally,
yes, it's going to be tougher to earn the bonus if we don't have very strong sales and very strong margins,
but it's not 100% variable to sales.

John Stephenson Glass
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. And then just finally, you mentioned there may be a modest impact to comp on the loyalty program
or deferred benefits. What does modest mean? How big could that drag be?

John R. Hartung
Chief Financial Officer

We had seen 30 and 40 basis points early last year, John. And as we've seen the program mature a little
bit and people have earned their reward, they're redeeming them and the redemptions are now offsetting
the deferrals. And so it will be, we think, in most quarters, it's going to be less than it was early last
year when it was in the 30 and 40 basis points. So like this past quarter, because we also made a little
adjustment on our breakage rate on chips and guac, there was no net impact. And so I think the future is
either going to be very little to no net impact.

Operator

And the next question will come from Chris Carril with RBC.

Christopher Emilio Carril
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

So you noted the very strong productivity of recent openings, and I think they were described as the
highest in company history. I know you mentioned earlier in the context of investment that we shouldn't
expect large accelerations in openings. But given these really strong productivity results, does this
potentially shift your thinking incrementally at all on development in the near to medium term?

Brian R. Niccol
CEO & Director

Yes. So I think the way we've been sharing this with you guys is, the economic model and the availability
of sites for Chipotle continues to be a huge opportunity. And we increased, obviously, what we're going to
build in 2020. And I think you're going to continue to see us, I think, accelerate that into the future years
for 2 reasons. One, the economics support it. The customers want it. And then the second key piece is,
I think we now have our operations at a place where we're developing leaders to be ready to take over
those restaurants.

So we want to be smart about how we continue to move forward on adding new units. The good news is,
the returns continue to be great. Our operations are running better. Our people development is in a much
better place. And I think it sets the stage for us nicely to continue to grow from where we are right now.
So I see a future where we could get back to the 200-plus restaurants. It's just not going to happen this
year.

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference
back over to Brian Niccol for any closing remarks.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Brian R. Niccol
CEO & Director

All right. Thanks. And thanks, everybody, for taking the time.

Obviously, very proud of Chipotle for delivering what was a great 2019. I think we touched on each of our
key strategies. The thing I just want to emphasize to everybody is, I believe you don't get these results
without developing the right culture and the right people. And I think that's happening in all facets of our
business, whether it's operations, marketing, digital, HR, public affairs. I do believe we are building out a
team that has world-class leaders in all aspects of this company, and those leaders are building a strong
culture that's focused on cultivating a better world and developing future leaders so that these strategies
that I believe have a tremendous runway of growth can be executed flawlessly.

So I do want to say thank you to everybody for a terrific 2019. But as we mentioned earlier, these
strategies are not just about 2019, they're about 2020 and well beyond. And we're confident Chipotle is
going to continue to be a unique brand that provides a unique experience that will continue to drive and
attract great people and a great culture.

So thanks for listening, and we'll talk to you in a quarter. Thanks.

Operator
The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

