Cummins Inc. NYSE:CMI
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, July 28, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.95

1.86

Revenue  (mm)

3713.24

3852.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-28-2020 1:54 PM GMT

95.79

3.74

1.67

7.61

10.65

4263.11

17532.91

19754.07

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

3.84

2.46

2.19

0.95

3.88

2.56

3.41

1.86

1.04 %

4.06 %

55.71 %

95.79 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CUMMINS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

James Hopkins
Executive Director of Investor
Relations

Livingston L. Satterthwaite
President & COO

Mark A. Smith
CFO & VP

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

ANALYSTS

Andrew Millard Casey
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Ann P. Duignan
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Jamie Lyn Cook
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Steven Fisher
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Unknown Analyst

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CUMMINS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Greetings, and welcome to the Cummins Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your
host, Mr. James Hopkins, Executive Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.

James Hopkins
Executive Director of Investor Relations

Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our teleconference today to discuss Cummins'
results for the second quarter of 2020. Participating with me today are our Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer, Tom Linebarger; our Chief Financial Officer, Mark Smith; and our President and Chief Operating
Officer, Tony Satterthwaite. We will all be available for your questions at the end of the teleconference.

Before we start, please note that some of the information that you will hear or be given today will
consist of forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such
statements express our forecasts, expectations, hopes, beliefs and intentions on strategies regarding
the future. Our actual future results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking
statements because of a number of risks and uncertainties. More information regarding such risks and
uncertainties is available in the forward-looking disclosure statement in the slide deck and our filings with
the Securities and Exchange Commission, particularly the Risk Factors section of our most recently filed
annual report on Form 10-K and any subsequently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q.

During the course of the call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures and we refer you
to our website for the reconciliation of those measures to GAAP financial measures. Our press release with
a copy of the financial statements and a copy of today's webcast presentation are available on our website
at www.cummins.com under the heading of Investors and Media.

With that out of the way, we'll begin with our Chairman and CEO, Tom Linebarger.

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, James, and good morning, everybody. I will begin by providing some initial comments on our
operating environment and then move to our second quarter results.

Our company faced unprecedented volatility in demand this quarter. In April, over 70% of OEM sites that
we shipped to experienced full shutdowns of their facilities. Many OEMs began the process of reopening
facilities in May with increases in build rates constrained by supply chain challenges. Production rates
further increased in June. The result of these shutdowns and managed reopenings was the largest decline
in revenue in the company's history.

Through a series of actions, including restructuring at the beginning of the year, temporary salary
reductions and other discretionary spending cuts, our company delivered reasonable profitability, given
the magnitude of the sales decline. Many of our cost-saving actions have led the sacrifices on the part of
our employees. Reducing headcount and cutting pay are the last options that we use to manage expenses,
given the impact on our people. While the actions we have taken this year have been necessary, I want to
take this opportunity to acknowledge and thank employees for the sacrifices they are making to support
the company through this challenging time.

Our employees have also worked tirelessly to navigate the unprecedented supply chain disruptions caused
by the COVID-19 pandemic. Our supply chain organization has faced some of the most significant demand
fluctuations in the company's history, along with managing to the impacts of OEM and supplier shutdowns,
many of which occurred with little or no notice. If this was not enough of a challenge, we've had to rethink
how we work in manufacturing and distribution facilities, adjusting layouts, staffing patterns, instituting
health checks, all to ensure employee safety and lower the risk of transmission.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CUMMINS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Outside of our manufacturing and distribution locations, many of our engineers and office employees
are still working all or part-time from home. This has presented its own set of challenges from ensuring
engineers can collaborate and maintain product development schedules to the rapid introduction of global
rolling out of new tools and network capacity by our RT and shared service organizations.

We are continuing to manage our facilities and operations, putting the safety of our people first. These
safety procedures often make it more uncomfortable for our people to work effectively, and nearly every
one of our people had to innovate and find new methods for tasks that used to be straightforward. Again,
I can only say thank you and express my gratitude for the commitment and agility of Cummins people
everywhere.

Now I'll move to a summary of our second quarter results and a discussion of our major end markets.
Mark will then take you through more details of our second quarter financial performance and update you
on our balance sheet and liquidity.

Revenues for the second quarter of 2020 were $3.9 billion, a decrease of 38% compared to the second
quarter of 2019. EBITDA was $549 million or 14.3% compared to $1.1 billion or 17% a year ago. The
impact of lower volumes was partially offset by the benefits of restructuring, lower variable compensation,
temporary salary reductions, reduced warranty costs and higher joint venture income. The increase in
joint venture income was primarily due to record levels of demand in China.

All 4 of our mature operating segments remained solidly profitable in the second quarter with only the
New Power segment incurring operating losses as we continue to invest in new products and technologies
ahead of broad market adoption.

The Engine business revenues declined by 47% in the second quarter compared to a year ago. Lower
production in North America truck markets, along with weaker demand from global construction
customers, drove most of the revenue decline. The EBITDA margin for the quarter was 10.5% compared
to 15.4% for the same period in 2019. Cost savings related to restructuring activities and salary
reductions as well as increased joint venture income, partially offset the impact of lower volumes.

Sales for our Distribution segment declined by 21% year-over-year, with lower revenues in domestic
and international markets. Second quarter EBITDA was $160 million or 10% of sales compared to 8.5%
in the second quarter of 2019. EBITDA margins increased as we continue to realize the benefits of our
transformation work in North America as well as the impact of lower variable compensation expenses.

Second quarter revenues for the Components segment declined by 38%. Sales in North America declined
55%, driven by lower truck build rates, while revenues in international markets declined by 9% as a result
of lower truck demand in Europe and India. Revenues in China increased 63% and represented a new
quarterly record for the Components group. EBITDA for the second quarter was $141 million or 12.3%
compared to 16.1% in the same quarter a year ago. EBITDA percent decreased as the impact of lower
volumes was partially offset by the benefits of restructuring, temporary salary reductions and reduced
warranty costs.

Power Systems sales in the second quarter declined 35% year-over-year. Industrial sales declined 33%,
driven by continued weakness in oil and gas and mining markets. Power generation sales decreased by
37% with lower revenues in both North America and international markets. EBITDA in the second quarter
was 11.7% compared to 14.4% a year ago. The impact of lower volumes, again, more than offset the
benefit of cost reduction actions and lower warranty expense.

In the New Power business, EBITDA was a loss of $38 million in the second quarter, in line with our
expectations.

Now I will comment on some of our key markets, starting with North America, and then I'll cover some of
our largest international markets.

Our second quarter revenues in North America declined 48% to $2 billion. We experienced lower demand
in all end markets, with OEM shutdowns impacting build rates of trucks and construction equipment.
Power generation shipments declined due to project delays, and our parts and service business was

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CUMMINS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

negatively impacted by end users delaying vehicle maintenance. Industry production of heavy-duty trucks
declined 71% in the second quarter compared to a year ago and 54% sequentially.

Year-to-date, our market share is 33%, an increase from the second half of 2019, even as industry
production declined. We began shipments of our X12 engine to freightliner for use in their Cascadia day
and sleeper cab models this quarter. Our entry into the regional haul market with a low weight X12 will
further support our leading share in this market.

Production of medium-duty trucks decreased by 61% in the second quarter. We continue to maintain our
clear market share in the medium-duty truck market with over 80% of new trucks powered by Cummins
powertrains in 2020.

The total shipments to our North American pickup truck customers decreased 71% compared to a year
ago and were impacted by OEM shutdowns during the second quarter. In domestic off-highway markets,
engine sales for construction equipment decreased by 43% from the near-record levels experienced a year
ago. Revenues for power generation equipment fell by 38% with lower demand in RV and backup power
markets. Demand for engines in oil and gas markets declined by 88% due to a reduction in equipment
purchases of new fracking equipment. Our aftermarket sales in North America fell 25% compared to last
year and were negatively impacted by low truck utilization, especially in April and May, industry destocking
activity and customers delaying scheduled maintenance.

Now I'll turn to our major international markets. International revenues decreased by 20 -- 22% in
the second quarter of 2020 compared to a year ago. Second quarter revenues in China including joint
ventures, were $1.9 billion, an increase of 30% and a record for the company. Demonstrating the
flexibility of our supply chain teams, our manufacturing facilities' transition from full shutdown in March
to making a record number of engines, turbochargers and after treatment systems in April and continued
producing at those record levels in May and June.

In the second quarter, industry demand for medium and heavy-duty trucks in China increased by 61%
compared to a year ago. The record level of demand was driven by delayed purchases from the first
quarter and government policy, which increased the scrapping of old NS3 trucks. Our market share
was 15%, up 13% -- up from the 13%, excuse me, in the second quarter of 2019 due to the strong
performance of our X12 engine with fleet customers. Fleet customers now represent 20% of the market
in China, and they continue to transition to a total cost of ownership model, focusing on fuel economy
and reliability. We expect this trend to continue, providing opportunities to increase our market share
as we launch our NS VI products across the country next year. Industry interest in automated manual
transmissions has also increased, and we currently expect to sell over 1,000 Endurant AMTs in China by
the end of this year.

Industry sales of light-duty trucks increased by 43% in the second quarter, and our market share was 8%,
flat with last year. In cities where NS VI regulations are already in place, we are seeing strong acceptance
of our new engines, with market share above our current 8% level.

Second quarter demand for excavators in China increased by 63% from a year ago. The central
government is encouraging increased level of borrowing by local municipalities to support investment
infrastructure and housing projects, resulting in increased excavator demand. Our market share was 17%
compared to 16% a year ago, driven by the strong performance of our domestic OEM customers. Demand
for power generation equipment in China was flat compared to a year ago with increased demand from
data center customers, offset by weaker demand for standby power.

Second quarter revenues in India, including joint ventures, were $106 million, a reduction of 77% from
the second quarter a year ago. Industries truck sales in India decreased 93%, while construction and
power generation sales declined by more than 75%, all driven primarily by nationwide and regional
shutdowns in response to COVID-19. The truck industry transitioned to BS VI standards on April 1, which
will result in additional revenues for our components business. And we've added Ashok Leyland as a new
customer of our Emission Solutions business. During the second quarter, we also finalized an agreement
with Mahindra, an Indian truck and tractor company, to supply an on-highway 4-cylinder BS VI compliant
engine, further cementing our leading position in the India truck market.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CUMMINS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Outside of India and China, we saw year-over-year revenue declines of 29% in Europe and 59% in Latin
America, primarily due to lower truck production driven by COVID-related OEM shutdowns. Global sales of
mining engines declined 35% compared to a year ago. Demand remained stable among copper and iron
ore miners, where commodity prices have risen by over 30% compared to their April lows. In contrast,
coal prices remain below $50 per metric ton, resulting in lower demand for equipment by coal miners.

While demand was weak across most of our markets during the second quarter, we continue to strengthen
existing relationships with OEMs and developing new customers for our products. We are working hard to
support our customers and partnering in new ways during this challenging period, enabling us to benefit
when markets recover and driving improved market share in the future.

While we continue to strengthen our position in diesel and natural gas markets, we are also focused on
opportunities for our New Power segment. We have 200 Cummins-powered battery electric buses in
service throughout North America, and we'll start selling electric powertrains to Kalmar for use in the
terminal tractor market in late 2021. We expect adoption of battery electric powertrains to increase in
bus and terminal tractor markets over the next several years, with adoption in segments of the medium-
duty truck market occurring thereafter. Our products in the field are being supported by our wholly-owned
Distribution business, providing customers confidence in product uptime as this technology is used for the
first time in commercial applications.

During the second quarter, 2 trains powered by Cummins fuel cells completed an 18-month trial in
Europe with over 180,000 kilometers traveled. By 2022, there will be 41 of these types of trains powered
by Cummins fuel cells running in Europe, making Cummins the leading provider of fuel cells for trains
globally. We are in active conversations with OEMs and end users about how to utilize both our PEM and
solid oxide fuel cells in a variety of applications, including trains, ships, data centers and on-highway
vehicles. We have fuel cell-powered trucks running to date in both Europe and North America.

In addition to the opportunities we see in fuel cells, we have a leading portfolio of both alkaline and PEM
electrolyzers, which will be a critical part of the infrastructure to support the hydrogen economy. Our
portfolio of electrolyzers are already being utilized in a variety of applications today, including on-site
hydrogen production for fueling stations, industrial applications and more recently in larger scale power to
gas applications. In the second half of 2020, we will complete the largest PEM hydrogen electrolysis plant
in the world with Air Liquide. The 20-megawatt facility in Becancour, Canada will be capable of producing
3,000 tons of hydrogen annually.

With a leading product portfolio and a presence in Europe, North America and China, our hydrogen
business is well positioned to grow as investments in hydrogen production and fuel cells increase around
the world. To more fully discuss how we expect these markets to grow and how Cummins will participate
in this rapidly developing industry, we will be holding Cummins Hydrogen Day for investors and analysts
the morning of November 16. We hope you will all be able to attend this virtual event.

While we are excited about the opportunities ahead of us in advanced diesel, natural gas and the new
power markets, we will continue to face uncertain market conditions in the second half of 2020. We expect
consolidated company revenues in the third quarter to increase from second quarter levels in all regions,
except China, where we expect declines from the record levels we experienced in the second quarter. The
pace of market recovery will differ, though, from region to region and may change based on government
actions both to control the spread of COVID-19 and/or to stimulate their economies and build business
and consumer confidence. Our leadership team is very experienced in managing through periods of
volatility in demand. We are prepared for a range of demand scenarios and know that these may differ by
region and end market as the full impact of COVID-19 becomes clearer.

Due to the uncertainty that remains within our markets, we will remain focused on managing cost and
cash flow in the second half of the year while continuing to invest in the products and technologies that
will drive profitable growth for the company. When demand returns, which it will, Cummins will be in a
strong position to deliver the products and services that will drive our customers' success and deliver even
stronger financial performance.

Now let me turn it over to Mark.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CUMMINS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Mark A. Smith
CFO & VP

Thank you, Tom, and good morning, everyone. The COVID-19 pandemic had an unprecedented impact
on the global economy, and we felt the effects across our markets and global operations in the second
quarter. Weaker demand from end users, combined with the shutdown of OEM customers, suppliers and
some of our own operations all contributed to the lowest quarterly sales for Cummins in a decade and the
largest year-over-year decline in revenues in company history.

We delivered solid profitability in the second quarter as the benefits of restructuring work initiated in the
second half of 2019, combined with additional cost reduction measures taken this year, helped to protect
profitability and cash flow in the face of a very uncertain economic environment.

Second quarter revenues were $3.9 billion, a decrease of 38% from a year ago. Sales in North America at
48%, and international revenues declined 22%. Currency movements negatively impacted revenues by
2%. As Tom said, China was the only major market in which our revenues increased year-over-year.

Earnings before interest and tax, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, were $549 million or 14.3%
of sales for the quarter compared to $1.1 billion or 17% of sales a year ago. EBITDA decreased by $500
million, driven primarily by the negative impact of weaker sales, partially offset by lower compensation
expenses due to temporary salary reductions and lower variable compensation expenses. Results also
benefited from the restructuring actions announced at the end of 2019 and record joint venture income in
China.

The temporary reduction in salaries went into effect in the middle of April and reduced expenses by
approximately $75 million in the second quarter and impacted the results of all of our operating segments.
Salaries will be fully restored at the beginning of the fourth quarter.

Gross margin of $890 million or 23.1% of sales decreased by $751 million or 3.3% of sales. The negative
impact of lower sales more than offset lower warranty expenses, reduced variable compensation and the
benefits of our restructuring and other cost-reduction initiatives.

We reduced our selling, administrative and research costs by $221 million or 25% year-over-year to
$659 million. SG&A expenses decreased by $159 million due to the benefits of restructuring, lower
compensation costs and reduced discretionary expenses.

Research expenses decreased by $62 million, primarily driven by lower compensation and temporary
salary reductions and also reduced testing at our own and third-party facilities due to COVID-related
shutdowns. We are continuing to invest in new technologies and improve products that will deliver
profitable growth in the future, and we do expect our engineering expenses to increase in subsequent
quarters as testing activity picks up.

Joint venture income increased by $19 million year-over-year, driven primarily by record demand for
trucks in China. Joint venture earnings reached a new quarterly record in China as those higher volumes
were converted into strong earnings. Other income of $39 million decreased by $4 million, primarily driven
by lower interest rates, yielding lower interest income on our cash and marketable securities holdings.

Net earnings per quarter were $276 million or $1.86 per diluted share compared to $675 million or $4.27
a year ago. The effective tax rate in the quarter was 25.7%, up from 21.4% in the second quarter of
2019, and the expense this quarter included unfavorable discrete tax items of $14 million.

Operating cash flow in the quarter was an outflow of $22 million compared to an inflow of $808 million in
the second quarter last year. The decline in operating cash flow was primarily due to lower earnings and
higher working capital. Inventory did increase by $53 million in the quarter, mainly in our manufacturing
facilities as a wave of global customer shutdowns that began at the end of March dramatically reduced
demand on our facilities with a little forewarning. Inventory did decline in the month of June as customer
orders improved.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CUMMINS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Capital expenditures were $77 million in the quarter, down from $133 million a year ago. We paid $193
million of cash dividends in the second quarter and did not repurchase any shares. Cash, cash equivalents
and marketable securities totaled $2.1 billion at the end of the quarter with total liquidity of $5.6 billion,
boosted by the addition of a new $2 billion revolving credit facility in early May.

In summary, our second quarter was significantly impacted by COVID-19 with the industry-wide
production shutdowns and dramatically lower demand in most of our markets. We delivered solid
profitability in the face of a record decline in quarterly sales due to the incredible commitment and
flexibility of our global employees as we ramp down global production in April, flexed up in May and June,
while executing on our cost reduction initiatives. The steps we have taken to protect our profitability,
preserve cash and reinforce our already strong liquidity help ensure that we can keep investing in
new products that will support future profitable growth even in this extremely challenging economic
environment.

While demand from OEMs has improved from historic lows in April in several markets, the pace of recovery
beyond the third quarter remains uncertain. Due to this uncertainty, we will not be providing specific
forward-looking guidance for the remainder of the year, but we hope that some brief comments on the
trajectory of costs and revenues will be helpful.

Our consolidated sales in the quarter are expected to improve from second quarter levels as many
countries have eased the lockdowns imposed in March and April, allowing OEMs to increase build rates.
Joint venture income is expected to decline from second quarter levels as demand for trucks and
construction equipment in China moderates from this record levels in the second quarter. As I've said, we
do expect an increase in engineering expenses in the third quarter as testing activities return closer to
planned levels, and the temporary reduction in salaries, which remains in place in the third quarter, those
salaries will be fully resolved by the beginning of the fourth quarter.

To summarize, Cummins remains in a strong position to navigate this extremely challenging environment.
We will continue to take the actions necessary to maintain the financial strength of the company, support
our customers and position the company for a stronger future. Now let me turn it back over to James.

James Hopkins
Executive Director of Investor Relations
Thank you, Mark. [Operator Instructions] Operator, with that, we are now ready for our first question.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CUMMINS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Andy Casey of Wells Fargo.

Andrew Millard Casey
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

One short-term question. Can you kind of discuss the trends in China? Are you already seeing declines
that you expect in Q3 or is that more anticipatory?

Mark A. Smith
CFO & VP

Well, I think, Andy, we are -- as you know, demand for capital goods in China is typically seasonally
weaker in the second half of the year. In the first half of the year, we have just come off record levels,
but I think that's a reasonable expectation of some cooling going into the third quarter. You have some
visibility but not perfect visibility here.

Andrew Millard Casey
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. And then kind of unrelated follow-up, longer-term question. For the fuel cell technology, are there
any significant differences required for, let's say, trains and on-highway trucks? Meaning, how scalable is
that across applications, which you see a benefit from potential multiple market application versus just
focusing on-highway?

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

Andy, it's Tom Linebarger. Thanks for joining us today, and thanks for your question. The answer is there
are scale opportunities across applications, and there are differences. So we do -- we're an investor in
stack technology, and there is definitely scale opportunities. And I would say, the major driver to making
fuel cells competitive besides hydrogen costs for fuel is volume on the stack and related components. And
that volume will provide benefits and cost as well as just technical learning even across applications.

One thing about trains is, of course, they're much lower volume than trucks, but they take a lot more
fuel cells or a lot more stacks. So we will be delivering in those trains, pretty high volumes of fuel cells
that will allow us to move to a more cost-effective manufacturing technology as well as other supporting
components being able to buy those at a lower cost. So there are clearly scale opportunities, and there's
also some application-specific work necessary in controls and other areas to make it work in a specific
application.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs.

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Tom, I'm wondering if you could talk about the opportunity in electrolyzers versus fuel cell. Presumably,
market size could be significantly larger for electrolyzers. How big of a focus is that for you folks compared
to fuel cell? And can you talk about any desire to accelerate the R&D investments in those areas, given
growing regulatory momentum for hydrogen beyond what we spoke about at the analyst day?

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CUMMINS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Thanks for the question, Jerry. And my -- our view about electrolyzers is evolving, given our relatively
recent entry into the space. I think our first thought was we needed electrolyzers in order to make sure
there was fueling available for our fuel cell applications. As you mentioned, we now see that there is a
significant opportunity to expand that strategic view. And of course, all the investments we're making
in electrolyzers are incremental to Cummins' current business. So it does provide a significant growth
platform for us.

We also do have some experience, of course, in the power generation field where there is some overlap
in how projects are done and the way they're engineered. So that's helping us some. And the incentives
now in Europe, especially, but in China also and other parts of the world, to produce hydrogen, especially
green hydrogen, which require PEM electrolyzers, of which we're one of just a few manufacturers today.
The incentives are significant, and they just -- as you saw, the Europeans were in roll out, they're large
and they're available now. So we are expanding our investment in both R&D but also in product launch
to make sure that we have the right sizes and range of electrolyzer technology available. We are also
partnered with Air Liquide, who is involved in the market significantly, but also involving ourselves
with other partnerships, like you probably saw that we had done this -- we did this joint venture with
NPROXX, which is a tank technology company, so that we can provide high-pressure tanks, which is
important for storage and transportation in the hydrogen economy. So we are adding technologies. We're
adding partners, making sure that we can participate more significantly in this market, given the growth
opportunity. And as you mentioned, the timing is now. So we are expanding our presence there.

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

And Tom, just a clarification. Do you agree with the statement that the market size and addressable
opportunity for Cummins and electrolyzers is significantly larger than in fuel cell? I know it's early, but can
you just comment on that part of the question, if you don't mind?

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

I don't mind at all, Jerry. Thanks for bringing it back. I really don't know, to be honest, because part of
the challenge is how big a range of electrolyzers will we participate in. And then also, fuel cells, it depends
on what percentage of the truck market they eventually win and that sort of thing. But I do -- definitely,
it's a wider field. Let's just agree to that. It's a wider field. So if we participate in every part of generating
hydrogen, it would be larger. No question about it because we can serve everyone else's fuel cells as well.
But our feeling is that both represent significant opportunities, but the electrolyzer opportunity is in front
of the truck opportunity for fuel cells. So it's -- meaning, earlier in time. So that's why we are pursuing the
electrolyzer opportunity with more effort to get more products in the market sooner.

Operator

Our next question is from Ann Duignan of JPMorgan.

Ann P. Duignan
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I'd love to keep going on the hydrogen pieces, but maybe I'll step back and ask about Q3, can you -- and
Q4. Can you size the costs that will come back into the system in Q3 and Q4? Give us any direction in
terms of the dollar cost that we should think about in terms of variable comp, salary reductions, et cetera,
et cetera, just as we look at our models for the rest of the year.

Mark A. Smith
CFO & VP

Ann, it's Mark. Thanks for your question. So the combination of temporary salary cuts and variable
compensation between Q2 and Q3 should be fairly similar in dollar terms that the impacts, so not
significant change there. The variation is really going to be in the top line, the lower JV income and some
increase in the engineering expenses. Q4 is when the salary reductions get reversed. And as I just said,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CUMMINS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

that's $75 million in Q2 on a full quarter run rate, which will be in Q3, it will be about $90 million that
comes back in the fourth quarter.

Ann P. Duignan
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. I appreciate the color. That's helpful. And then just taking a step back, we talked about how weak
the fundamentals were in India. Can you just talk about what you're seeing going on in the fundamentals
versus temporary COVID versus -- I know you said truck sales were down 70, what, 90% plus, but what
are you seeing there more broadly in India?

Livingston L. Satterthwaite
President & COO

Ann, this is Tony. I'll cover that one. Truck sales were very weak in India. And some of this weakness
started pre-COVID, as you know. Even last year was not a good market for the Indian truck market.
COVID has made that worse. We are really seeing extremely low economic activity construction. All of
our markets in India are significantly down. And of course, COVID has proven more difficult to manage
even than in some other countries. And so we are quite cautious about India and are not expecting any
significant rebound in the second half of this year as we see weak activity and the COVID challenge, if
anything, increasing in India.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Jamie Cook of Crédit Suisse.

Jamie Lyn Cook
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Nice quarter. I guess my first question, again, sort of on the short-term trends. Can you just talk about
sort of the cadence of sales throughout the quarter, April, May versus June, and what you're seeing in July,
if we're exiting sort of -- if July is sort of more comparable to June levels or not?

And then my second question, Mark, is more so to you. Understanding some of these costs are going to
come back in the fourth quarter, but your G&A control was pretty impressive in the quarter. So as you look
forward, will there be incremental opportunities to reduce your structural cost beyond the $250 million to
$300 million that you guys outlined in November?

Livingston L. Satterthwaite
President & COO

Mark, I'll take the first one and you could address the second one. Yes, Jamie, the real thing that
happened in the second quarter was our OEM shutdown. And the real difference between June and April
and May was that most everyone was back at work in June, and so they were stabilizing production rates.
Those have continued relatively steadily into July. So we are not expecting any significant increase from
June rates going into the third quarter, but we see them holding relatively well. And that leads us to, as
Mark said, we are expecting revenue increase going into the third quarter.

Some of the start-ups were pretty fast, and I want to echo Tom's comments about our supply chain team's
ability to keep up with our OEMs in June. So that's been one of the interesting aspects, at least of this,
that the start-up looked very V shaped for at least a month. We don't expect it will keep going up, but
we do expect and are seeing so far in the third quarter relatively consistent build rates from most of our
OEMs.

Jamie Lyn Cook
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. And then Mark, on costs?

Mark A. Smith
CFO & VP

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CUMMINS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Yes. So I think -- thanks, Jamie. We aimed our restructuring work, a lot of it, at SG&A. It's important work
for the company, but we thought we had some opportunities to drive efficiencies there. And quite frankly,
those costs have surprised us a little bit throughout the year to the low side. That's been a help as we've
gone along here, and employees have really risen to the challenge of kind of backing down costs.

We're always looking for ways to take more cost out and what can we learn from this period so that we --
as revenues recover, we're operating in a way that doesn't add all of those costs back. There's no doubt,
compensation costs will be higher next year. Hopefully, we're looking -- hopefully, looking at a different
revenue environment, but it's too early to say. But yes, we can -- we're going to keep looking for ways to
manage that SG&A as a percent of sales once our revenues start to recover on a more consistent basis.
We get into our planning. We're always managing costs, and then we're into our planning cycle for next
year. So that's obviously a key topic of discussion. But yes, we very much aimed at restructuring at the
SG&A at the start of the year, and it's helped a lot.

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

Jamie, this is Tom. I wanted to just add, like maybe just give you a sense of what our approach is, is that
we took the permanent actions associated with the Q4 work that we're really aiming at a downturn for
the year. We had a sales estimate for the year, and we aimed the cost at that structure. Then COVID hits
and takes the sales down significantly lower, ideally on some temporary basis. And we really just don't
know at this stage how much -- where we're going to level out on sales between the lowest level we hit
and where our original estimate for 2020 was and 2021. But as we get a better view of that of what 2021
starts to look like, if our cost structure is appropriate for 2021, we will continue to look at actions and all
the -- because all the time we're going through it, and that's fine. But if we see a sustained lower revenue
in 2021 and beyond, that doesn't really match where we aimed or SAR or SG&A at the end of last year,
then we'll have to take another reduction.

So what we're going to try to do in Q4 is we will get the temporary ones back. And if the revenue trend
looks right, it looks like we're getting back to kind of where we thought we would be, then we'll be there
or thereabouts, and we'll have to do relatively modest things. If we're -- if we think we're in a sustained
lower period, then we're going to have to do more than that. And we are prepared for both. In fact,
we started in May, creating scenarios for all those different things and asking ourselves what would be
our strategic set of actions under each circumstances. And as Mark said, we're not done with that work
because we rolled into our planning work this fall. But we have already been looking at that and asking
ourselves what would we do in every circumstance. So we will be ready for whatever revenue scenario we
finally decide we're going to aim for in 2021.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Steven Fisher of UBS.

Steven Fisher
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Just with the better revenues that you checked in Q3 versus Q2, it sounds like still holding the line on your
costs in Q3. Is there any reason why the decrementals shouldn't be even better than what we saw in the
Q2 level?

Mark A. Smith
CFO & VP

Well, I think we've taken the actions that we -- for now that we plan, Steve, the cost structure is going to
be fairly consistent from quarter-to-quarter. And I think that's the best way to model it. Of course, we've
weathered through the toughest comps in the first half of the year. It just really were kind of in the hands
of the revenue trajectory here since our cost actions are set for the next quarter. So I think you can work
your own models from there on the decrementals, bearing in mind some of the comments I've made about
sequential increases in engineering, sequential decreases in the joint venture income.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CUMMINS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

We can't manage on a month-to-month basis on the decrementals. Obviously, we're pleased with the
performance in the first half of the year. The actions we've taken in account has set the course now for the
rest of the year. And really, the revenue is going to drive the numbers from here.

Steven Fisher
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

So I guess on that point, Mark, I guess, in terms of -- or Tom, and in terms of the uncertainties related
to the guidance, I'm just curious how far out you have backlog visibility as I thought that you might have
-- I might have thought that backlog that you have would give you enough confidence to give you some
degree of a range for the rest of the year.

And then related to that, I guess, I'm curious, which of your end markets and geographies do you feel
like you have the most relative certainty for the rest of the year? And which ones do you think are least
certain?

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

Steve, it's Tom. We don't have a lot of backlog. It's not -- the only place we really get backlog is in the
power generation projects. And even there, I'd say they're pretty short now. And in the truck market,
they have some backlogs, but of course, they're managing those backlogs by increasing production and
decreasing production. And so there, how they change their production week to week influences what their
demand on us is.

Here's what we're seeing, though -- I mean just to give you a sense for what we're seeing. In North
America, the truck makers are definitely stabilizing their production rates. They're seeing stronger
demand. Not -- it's not fabulous. It's just stronger. It's just ramped up to the June levels. And as Tony
said, it looks like it's kind of leveling out there. They're feeling pretty good about that. But nobody is
confused that the question of whether it holds there or decreases depends a lot on how sick everybody
gets. And so if we continue to see rises in cases in the U.S., and we have to continue to revert more and
more towards economic shutdowns again, you should expect demand to fall off again. If the reverse
happens and things start to get better and the COVID cases start to decrease again, we expect things to
gradually keep opening and getting better.

So most of us are looking at that and saying, "We don't really know how to call that yet." And that --
and if you took that exact movie we just talked about and played in India and in Western Europe and in
China, you'd play a slightly different movie or a very different movie, depending on which place. So I think
that's why we're being cautious about demand trends. We are where we are in a sense that we see things
stabilizing and increasing slightly month-by-month in truck markets in Europe and the U.S. and things like
that. And we -- our concern about China is it was just so hot for a quarter. We just don't understand how it
sustains that level for the rest of the year. So we think it probably tips down. We don't have -- we certainly
don't have enough backlog to be able to tell you that. But we do -- that's what we expect, and we feel
pretty confident about that.

So that's kind of what we know. And the rest of it, frankly, we're just trying to figure out how to be ready
for all of it. And I know that's not very helpful from a model prediction point of view, but that's just
unfortunately the situation we live in.

Operator

Our next question is coming from David Raso of Evercore ISI.

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Trying to take a cut at a similar question. When I'm thinking about sequential EPS growth, I'm just trying
to balance some sequential declines in China, costs coming back later in the year. But the strengthening
in your largest business, North America truck, I mean, it feels like sequentially EPS should grow from 2Q.
Nothing you highlighted would suggest that's not the case. But then in the fourth quarter, you have about
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CUMMINS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

$0.40 to $0.45 EPS cost coming back. So just to give us some baseline -- I know you're not going to give
guidance, but just the baseline. Do you think your second quarter EPS was the bottom EPS for the year,
quarterly EPS?

Mark A. Smith
CFO & VP

Too early to say, David, because we don't have visibility beyond the third quarter.

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

I would agree, David. And I just -- it really just goes back to this point I was making before about what
happens with the disease in these different markets. I think if we expect things to get not worse than
today and in fact, start to trend better, in the U.S. and in Europe, in some of these places where we have
strong markets, if those things continue to get better on a steady basis, our hope is -- what we'll see
is, as you mentioned, demand increase in our major markets, even if they tip down a little bit in the red
hot China. And that will kind of more than offset it. And that will also offset the costs coming back in
the business. But as we note -- as we watched happen in July, everything went the wrong way from the
disease point of view. It just seems like every place started to go back to almost to stage one. If you're in
Indiana, where we're headquartered, they just put in a new mask order just this Monday. So it's -- we just
don't know where that heads. And I know that, again, that's frustrating to us. It's frustrating to you.

But that fourth quarter question, when we had done our planning back in May, we thought, "Oh, this
fourth quarter is where things start to tick up. That's when these temporary costs could come off and we'll
have revenues to support that, and that will be fine." And now our only question is, is that true. It seems
like it should be true, but we just don't know.

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

That's fair. I mean I'm just trying to think about we get nice EPS growth sequentially 3Q. If the negative
scenario plays out for 4Q, can you pull back on the $0.45, $0.40 EPS hit from the cost coming back? Or is
that sort of written in stone for the employee comp for fourth quarter?

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

We made a commitment to our employees that we would restore the comp in the fourth quarter. We think
we've probably done as much of that as we can do on paying people lower salaries for -- and also cutting
their hours. So our view is that, that part, we're going to reverse. The variable comp, as you know, that
just goes by how our earnings go. So if earnings are weak, then variable comp will continue to be lower
than planned. So that will continue to be a cost reduction over what our plan was. So part continues and
part would not come back.

And then I think as we were talking earlier with Jamie, that's -- our feeling about restructuring is that if
it comes -- if we feel like the revenues will not really come back, I mean, if it's not just Q4, if it's going to
continue for a while, then we'll have to think through how we take more structural cost action towards the
end of the year to position ourselves properly.

So Q4 is interesting, but really, 2021 would really be the focus of those actions, right? That's really where
-- so trying to predict, if revenues are not coming back in Q4, does that mean there's on the sustained
down trend? Or are they -- are they just -- is it just a blip and they're about to come back? And that's
what we'll have to figure out. And I think we will have a lot more information about that in our next
earnings call, and we'll be able to give you guys a much better view of what we see.

But again, I think what you can expect from us is irrespective of the scenario, we will be managing costs
in an appropriate and aggressive way. And we will not be -- we will be keeping the cost in that we think
have everything to do with the growth and profitability of the future of the company. So those -- that will
be the balance we'll be striking, and we'll continue to rebalance and restrike it depending on kind of what
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CUMMINS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

we see from a revenue point of view. But I think Mark's quote was the best. It's kind of a revenue deal
from here through the end of this year. If revenue strengthens up, then Q2 will be all low. And if it doesn't,
then it won't, right? If it starts to drop again, then it won't.

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

And Tom, related to the second half. The inventory, 2% increase. And I appreciate the suddenness of the
shutdowns early in 2Q. But when we think about where the inventory is exiting June, first, how do you feel
about the level of inventory and sort of where is it? Like if it's North America truck, and we've all heard
PACCAR, and you would think, okay, it's not bad having a few extra ISX15 liters laying around versus
maybe in off-highway, you don't want too much inventory. Can you help us a bit where the inventory lies
within the company?

Livingston L. Satterthwaite
President & COO

David, this is Tony. Yes. David, this is Tony. Yes. We are not happy, Tom and Mark and I are not happy with
where inventory is at the end of the second quarter. I think I will tell you, it did decrease in the month of
June, so -- and as you can see from our balance sheet, AP has fallen significantly, so we have definitely
reduced purchases.

The vast majority of our inventory is in raw material and in our plants. It is not finished goods. It is not
built-up engines. And so we were just managing these very sudden shutdowns. And if you go back a
little earlier in March, we were actually worried about continuity of supply. So we were actually bringing
inventory in, in March to guarantee supply, and then we spent all of second quarter trying to manage
reduction in demand.

So overall, I'm confident in the trajectory we have with inventory, but it was a tough quarter to manage
inventory. And I think we did well, but I think we're on top of it now. We know what we're doing. We've
got it under ourselves, and I don't feel at all exposed in any way.

Operator

Our next question is from [indiscernible] of Oppenheimer.

Unknown Analyst

Just one more short-term question here. Industrial is [ potentially ] down year-over-year, but potentially
flat quarterly despite a very volatile oil price environment and the rig count decline. So that seems
encouraging. Can you talk about the monthly trends you've seen in that business? Any sequential
improvement throughout the quarter as oil prices picked up? Any line of [ supplies and site support ] in
O&G or perhaps in mining?

Livingston L. Satterthwaite
President & COO

Yes. This is Tony. I'll take that one. I guess the short answer is not really. We -- I think you saw our
numbers. Oil and gas was down 88%. I think year-over-year, we have really not seen any pickup in North
America in the areas where we're strong. Mining, we have seen a little improvement in the hard ores in
copper and iron ore, whereas [ cores ] and those OEMs [ at copper cores ] remain weak.

I apologize, I'm getting a lot of feedback on the phones. I don't know if it's my phone or other phones.
But we have not seen anything in the quarterly trends that tell us that mining or oil and gas is looking any
significantly better. In particular, oil, gas, I would argue, it was very quiet. We've seen reductions in new
engine sales but also in our aftermarket business that serves that is also looking quite weak.

Unknown Analyst

Okay. And then just one more. I mean there's really solid margin performance in the distribution segment.
I know you talked about your priorities at Investor Day in terms of transforming that business, so I'm just

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CUMMINS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

trying to understand anything specific that you've done there. Has the downturn allowed you to accelerate
any of the more permanent actions that you were looking to take?

Livingston L. Satterthwaite
President & COO

Yes, thanks for the question. We're very pleased with how the distribution business performed and
specifically how that transformation work is progressing. The downturn, we -- it caught us at an awkward
time in the sense that we really finished the restructuring and the broad reorganization of that business in
February. And we were just really getting our new operating routines, our new structure and the way we're
now running the business, which was a big change from a regional focus to a market focus. And so we've
kind of struggled, but the business has performed really well.

We have seen reductions in service and parts revenue in the second quarter, which we've talked about.
But a number of the actions they took both with cost and with efficiency have really paid off. And I'm very
confident as demand starts to return, and that business picks up a bit, we'll see good performance. That
business is more heavily impacted by people cost, and therefore, they benefited more from the salary
reductions and variable comp reduction just because that business is so people heavy. But we still think
we will deliver on all of the improvements that we were looking to deliver in the transformation as we go
through the rest of this year. So very pleased with how that business is performing.

James Hopkins
Executive Director of Investor Relations

Great. And with that, I think that takes us to the end of the hour for the teleconference. As always, I
wanted to say thank you to everybody for your interest in Cummins, and I'll be available for any follow-
ups this afternoon. Thank you very much.

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO
James, I just want to add [ and I thank you ] as well. And I apologize for any technical difficulties,
including the unwanted guest that was my dog, [ Ellie ]. But thanks for hanging in there with us, and
thanks for your support for Cummins. Bye-bye.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CUMMINS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

