Cummins Inc. NYSE:CMI
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, May 04, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

3.49

4.04

Revenue  (mm)

5347.63

6092.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-04-2021 2:25 PM GMT

15.76

13.92

3.74

14.39

16.66

5436.71

22238.93

23776.19

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.95

2.45

2.75

3.49

1.86

3.36

3.36

4.04

95.79 %

37.14 %

22.18 %

15.76 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CUMMINS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jack Kienzler
Executive Director of Investor
Relations

Jennifer W. Rumsey
President & COO

Mark A. Smith
CFO & VP

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

ANALYSTS

Ann P. Duignan
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Charles Albert Edward Dillard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Steven Fisher
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Colton Zimmer
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Robert Cameron Wertheimer
Melius Research LLC

Ross Paul Gilardi
BofA Securities, Research Division

Stephen Edward Volkmann
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CUMMINS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Greetings, and welcome to the Cummins Inc. First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Jack Kienzler, Executive Director of Investor Relations. Thank
you. You may begin.

Jack Kienzler
Executive Director of Investor Relations

Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our teleconference today to discuss Cummins'
results for the first quarter of 2021. Participating with me today are our Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer, Tom Linebarger; our President and Chief Operating Officer, Jennifer Rumsey; and our Chief
Financial Officer, Mark Smith. We will all be available for your questions at the end of the teleconference.

Before we start, please note that some of the information that you will hear or be given today will
consist of forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such
statements express our forecasts, expectations, hopes, beliefs and intentions on strategies regarding
the future. Our actual future results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking
statements because of a number of risks and uncertainties. More information regarding such risks and
uncertainties is available in the forward-looking disclosure statement in the slide deck and our filings with
the Securities and Exchange Commission, particularly the Risk Factors section of our most recently filed
annual report on Form 10-K and any subsequently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q.

During the course of this call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, and we refer you
to our website for the reconciliation of those measures to GAAP financial measures. Our press release with
a copy of the financial statements and a copy of today's webcast presentation are available on our website
at www.cummins.com under the heading of Investors and Media.

With that out of the way, we will begin with our Chairman and CEO, Tom Linebarger.

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Jack. Good morning, everyone. I'll start with a summary of our first quarter financial
results, and then I'll talk about our sales and end market trends by region and finish with a discussion
of our outlook for 2021. Mark will then take you through more details about our first quarter financial
performance and our forecast for this year.

Demand accelerated in the first quarter as the global economy continued to improve, driving strong sales
growth across most businesses and regions and resulting in solid profitability. The strength and breadth
of the rebound in demand has surpassed our original expectations, and we've raised our full year outlook.
We were particularly encouraged by the significant growth of our Components business in the first quarter,
which is now clearly capturing the benefits of the increasing content we are able to offer our customers
and partners as they move towards more complex and stringent emissions regulations in China and India.
This business is also benefiting from its global leadership position as truck markets recover.

While the strong demand across our end markets generated strong revenues, the pace of recovery has
placed a strain on global supply chains, leading to increased costs and significant challenges in fulfilling
all of our customers' orders. The shortage of key components such as semiconductor chips has been the
primary challenge with adverse weather conditions, labor shortages in some regions and bottlenecks in
global logistics, further adding to order backlogs.

The ability to supply is our key focus now, and we are doing everything we can to mitigate the impact. I
want to thank our global employees, especially those in our supply chain and manufacturing operations,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CUMMINS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

and our committed suppliers for their extraordinary efforts to manage through these challenges and
supply our customers. We are optimistic that the situation will improve in the second half of the year.
However, we expect demand to remain strong, making it difficult for the supply chain to catch up, unless
the industry extends the order cycle.

Before moving to our first quarter financial performance, I wanted to take a moment to highlight a few
important strategic partnerships that we announced during the first quarter. These new and expanded
partnerships are consistent with our strategy to deepen our relationships with key customers in existing
segments while continuing to invest in new and alternative power solutions.

As the leading independent global power solutions provider, Cummins is committed to ensuring our
customers have the right solution anywhere and everywhere our customers operate by offering them a
broad range of power solutions from advanced diesel, near-zero natural gas, fully electric, hydrogen and
other technologies.

In February, we announced a global strategic partnership for medium-duty engine systems with Daimler
Truck and Bus. As part of the partnership, Cummins will invest in the further development and global
production of medium-duty engines and components for Daimler Trucks and Buses. The partnership builds
on our strong existing relationship with Daimler's North American brands. In North America, Daimler
will replace their vertically integrated engines with Cummins engines ahead of CARB regulations in 2024
and EPA regulations in 2027. In addition, Cummins engines will be used in Daimler medium-duty chassis
in Europe, Brazil and India, coinciding with next-generation emissions regulations in those regions. In
the future, global medium-duty engine systems for Daimler Trucks and Buses all over the world will be
provided by Cummins.

We also announced a global medium-duty partnership and advanced engineering collaboration with Isuzu,
building upon the Isuzu/Cummins power partnership formed in 2019. Isuzu trucks powered by Cummins
B6.7 diesel platform engines will be introduced in North America first in 2021 and in Japan, Southeast Asia
and other regions at later dates.

Finally, in March, we announced a medium-duty engine offering with Hino, where Cummins 6.7 and L9
engines will be available on Hino trucks in North America by the end of this year.

In addition to the above announcements, we continue to investigate areas in which we can strategically
collaborate with global OEMs across a number of regions, technologies and power solutions. We believe
these collaborations will not only allow us to significantly grow our core Engine and Components
businesses, but will also further strengthen the important relationships we have with a number of OEMs
and end users. These relationships, coupled with our application expertise and broad sales and service
channel, will position us well to manage the transition from internal combustion engines to lower carbon
hybrids and eventually to zero-emissions products in the future.

Now I will comment on the overall company performance for the first quarter of '21. And we'll cover some
of our key markets, starting with North America, before moving on to our largest international markets.

Revenues for the first quarter of 2021 were $6.1 billion, an increase of 22% compared to the first
quarter of 2020. EBITDA was $980 million or 16.1%, compared to $846 million or 16.9% a year ago.
EBITDA dollars increased as a result of stronger sales and record joint venture income, partially offset by
significantly higher premium freight and other costs associated with supply chain disruptions as well as
higher variable compensation expense. Our profitability, especially in the Engine business, was impacted
more than expected by supply chain disruptions due to the extraordinary measures we had to take to
meet customer commitments.

Our first quarter revenues in North America grew 7% to $3.3 billion, driven by higher industry build rates
of heavy-duty trucks and light-duty pickups. Industry production of heavy-duty trucks in the first quarter
was 60,000 units, an increase of 15% from 2020 levels, while our heavy-duty unit sales were 23,000, an
increase of 25% from 2020.

Industry production of medium-duty trucks was 32,000 units in the first quarter of 2021, an increase of
2% from 2020, while our unit sales were 27,000 units, an increase of 5% from 2020. We shipped 42,000

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CUMMINS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

engines to [indiscernible] for use in their Ram pickups in the first quarter of '21, an increase of 49% from
the 2020 level. Revenues for power generation grew by 10% due to higher demand in recreational vehicle
and data center markets.

Our international revenues increased by 45% in the first quarter of 2021 compared to a year ago. First
quarter revenues in China, including joint ventures, were $2.1 billion, an increase of 95% due to the
higher sales in on-highway and construction markets. Industry demand for medium- and heavy-duty
trucks in China was 587,000 units, an increase of 95%, driven by increased NS V prebuy ahead of a
broader NS VI implementation in July of this year and an effort to secure inventory amid supply chain
concerns. Our sales in units, including joint ventures, were 91,000 or an increase of 146%. The light-duty
market in China increased 73% from 2020 levels to 581,000 units, while our units sold, including joint
ventures, were 45,000 units, an increase of 63%.

Industry demand for excavators set another quarterly record of 127,000 units in the first quarter, an
increase of 84% from last year. Our units sold were 21,800 units, an increase of 107% as our customers
continued to gain market share. Demand for power generation equipment in China increased 41% in the
first quarter, driven by growth in data center markets and higher demand for standby power.

First quarter revenues in India, including joint ventures, were $577 million, an increase of 82% from the
first quarter a year ago. Industry truck production increased 63%, while our shipments increased 88%,
driven by better penetration with our JV partner as the heavy-duty commercial vehicle segment recovered
from a year ago. Demand for power generation and construction equipment rebounded strongly in the
first quarter as economic activity continued to improve. In Brazil, our revenues increased 31%, driven by
increased demand in most end markets.

Now let me provide our outlook for 2021, including some comments on our individual regions and
end markets. We have raised our forecast for total company revenues for 2021 to be up 20% to 24%
compared to our prior guidance of up 10% at the midpoint. This guidance reflects a stronger outlook in
most markets and regions. We've raised our forecast for industry production of heavy-duty trucks in North
America to 264,000 units, up 45% compared to 2020 and above our prior guidance of 255,000 units.

Despite the supply chain constraints our industry is experiencing, demand has continued to outpace our
expectations from the beginning of the year. In the medium-duty truck market, we are increasing our
forecast for industry production to 140,000 units, up 35% year-over-year and above our prior guidance
of 125,000 units. We expect our engine shipments for pickup trucks in North America to be up 15%
compared to 2020, an increase of 10% from our expectations 3 months ago.

In China, we continue to expect domestic on-highway demand to decline from record levels a year ago
despite the strong start to the year. However, we are increasing our outlook for medium- and heavy-
duty truck market demand to 1.5 million units, compared to our expectations of 1.3 million units at the
beginning of the year. This would still represent a 15% decline from 2020. In the light-duty truck market,
we continue to expect a 7% reduction in demand, in line with our previous guidance. We now expect
industry sales of excavators to decline 10% from the record levels achieved in 2020. This compares to our
prior guidance of down 20%.

In India, we continue to project broad recovery versus 2020. We anticipate industry demand for trucks
to be up 90% compared to levels experienced in 2020, and our other businesses are showing promising
growth due to continued infrastructure investment. We do anticipate lower demand in all end markets in
the second quarter due to new lockdowns as a result of an increase in COVID-19 cases and are monitoring
the events in the ground closely. Given the rapid increase in COVID cases in India, we are very concerned
about the health and safety of our employees and those of our suppliers and partners. We are continuing
to operate all of our manufacturing facilities, but with robust safety measures in place.

In Brazil, we continue to forecast truck production to increase 25% in 2021. We now expect demand for
mining engines to increase 45% in 2021, up from our expectation of 15% 3 months ago. And that's due to
continued strength in commodity prices.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CUMMINS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Demand for power generation equipment increased 18% in the first quarter, and we continue to see strong
order activity in most geographies and segments. We are now expecting global power generation revenues
to increase 15% compared to our previous forecast of about 5%, primarily driven by data center and
recreational vehicle markets.

In summary, we are increasing our revenue outlook for the year with year-over-year growth expected in
most major regions, except China. Demand in China remained very strong in the first quarter, but we do
anticipate a weaker second half of the year, driven in part by the transition to the new National Standard
VI emissions regulations for trucks beginning in July. We are increasing our EBITDA guidance range from
15.5% to 16%, compared to 15% to 15.5% at the beginning of the year, due to stronger volumes and
improved outlook for JV income, which we expect to more than offset significantly higher supply chain
costs.

During the quarter, we returned $615 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and share
repurchases, consistent with our plan to return 75% of operating cash flow to shareholders for the year.

We continue to take necessary precautions at all of our facilities to mitigate the spread of COVID-19, and
our focus remains on the health and safety of our employees. We are optimistic that continued vaccination
distribution globally will reduce the impact of the virus in the second half of the year, but there is still a
risk of an increase in cases somewhere in the world that could result in lower customer demand, additional
facility shutdowns or additional supply chain constraints in the future.

Having managed through an extremely challenging 2020 and a dramatic ramp-up in the first quarter of
2021, Cummins is in a strong position. We have secured some important new business wins in our Engine
and Components businesses. And at the same time, we continue to invest in future growth, bringing new
technologies to customers and generating strong return for shareholders.

Thank you for your time today. And now let me turn it over to Mark.

Mark A. Smith
CFO & VP

Thank you, Tom, and good morning, everyone. There are 4 key takeaways from our first quarter results.
First, we saw continued recovery in demand in most major end markets and regions, resulting in record
revenues for the first quarter and a much stronger full year outlook. Second, the elevated level of demand
across our markets have strained global supply chains in our industry, resulting in higher premium freight
costs and other associated inefficiencies higher than we anticipated at the start of the year. The strength
of demand, order backlogs and lack of inventory in the pipeline indicate that some level of elevated costs
are likely to continue in the coming quarters.

Despite the cost headwinds associated with the tight supply chain, we delivered solid profitability and cash
flows in the first quarter and have raised significantly our outlook for the full year. And finally, we returned
$615 million to shareholders through cash dividends and share repurchases, consistent with our plan to
return 75% of operating cash flow to shareholders this year.

Now let me go into more details on the first quarter. First quarter revenues were $6.1 billion, an increase
of 22% from a year ago. Sales in North America grew 7%, and international revenues rose 45%. Currency
movements positively impacted revenues by around 1%. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortization, or EBITDA, were $980 million or 16.1% of sales for the quarter, compared to $846 million or
16.9% of sales a year ago. EBITDA dollars increased due to the benefits of higher volumes and stronger
earnings from joint ventures in China. EBITDA percent declined primarily due to a weaker gross margin
percent.

Gross margin of $1.5 billion or 24.4% of sales increased by $192 million but declined as a percent of
sales by 140 basis points. First quarter gross margins included approximately $105 million of additional
freight, labor and logistics costs associated with disruptions across our supply chain. We expect elevated
costs to continue at least through the second quarter and have incorporated additional costs into our full
year guidance. Partially offsetting these supply chain efficiencies was a $44 million positive change in

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CUMMINS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

estimate and our product coverage expense, reflecting lower costs across several products, primarily in
our Components and Power Systems businesses.

Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by $28 million and our research expenses
increased by $22 million, and both increased primarily due to higher variable compensation expense.
In 2020, our variable compensation plan work is designed, flexing down due to the weaker outlook
associated with the impact of the global pandemic. And in 2021, variable compensation expenses are
expected to be higher for the company and all individual segments, consistent with our forecast for
improved full year profitability this year.

Joint venture income was a record $166 million in the first quarter, up from $129 million a year ago.
Continued strong demand for trucks and construction equipment in China led to the strong performance.
And as a reminder, joint venture income in the first quarter last year included a $37 million benefit related
to changes in tax law in India and income of $18 million from a technical fee also in India that did not
repeat this year. Adjusting for these onetime items in 2020 underscores just how strong the earnings
growth was in the first quarter from our joint ventures.

Other income decreased by $46 million from a year ago, primarily driven by mark-to-market losses of
$32 million on the investments that underpin our nonqualified benefit plans, and this compares to a $17
million mark-to-market gain in the first quarter last year. The mark-to-market losses were recorded within
eliminations and not allocated to our operating segments.

Net earnings for the quarter were $603 million or $4.07 per diluted share, compared to $511 million or
$3.41 a year ago. The increase is primarily due to stronger after-tax earnings and a lower share count as
a result of the share repurchase activity. The effective tax rate in the quarter was 22%.

Operating cash flow in the quarter was an inflow of $339 million, compared to $379 million a year ago.
Stronger earnings were more than offset by an increase in working capital associated with our revenue
growth this year.

I'll now comment on segment performance and our revised guidance for 2021. For the Engine segment,
first quarter revenues increased by 14% from a year ago, driven by growth in demand for trucks in the
U.S. and construction equipment in China. EBITDA decreased from 16.9% to 14.4% of sales. The Engine
business bore the brunt of the premium freight costs and other associated efficiencies arising from supply
chain disruptions. We now expect full year revenues to be up 23% to 27%, an increase from our prior
guidance of up 12%, primarily driven by stronger demand in North American truck and global construction
markets.

We have increased our forecast for EBITDA margins to be in the range of 14.5% to 15% as we anticipate
stronger volumes, and higher than previously expected joint venture income will more than offset the
additional supply chain costs.

In the Distribution segment, revenues increased 1% from a year ago in the first quarter. The EBITDA
was flat as a percent of sales at 8.7% of the benefits of our North American transformation work and
improvements in some of our international businesses, somewhat offset by weaker part sales resulting
from supply chain challenges. Underlying demand for parts remains strong. We have maintained our
2021 outlook for Distribution revenues to be up 6% to 10%. And we now expect EBITDA to be 9% at the
midpoint of our guidance. The lower -- our prior year guidance of 10.1% due to a reduced outlook of parts
and stronger demand for power generation equipment and other engine sales.

Components revenues increased 43% in the first quarter, driven by stronger demand for trucks in North
America, China, India and Europe. EBITDA increased from 18.6% of sales to 19.6% due to the benefit
from stronger sales and lower product coverage costs. 2021, we now expect components revenues to
increase 30% to 34%, up from our prior guidance of up 11%. And we've raised our forecast for EBITDA
margins to 17% at the midpoint, up from 14.9%.

In Power Systems, revenues increased 16% in the first quarter, driven by stronger global demand for
power generation and mining equipment. EBITDA increased from 8.7% to 12.3% of sales, primarily due to
the benefits of higher volumes and lower product coverage costs. We now expect Power Systems revenues

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CUMMINS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

to be up 18% at the midpoint compared to our prior year guidance of 9%. EBITDA margins are projected
to be in the range of 11% to 11.5% of sales, up from our prior guidance of 10.6%, due primarily due to
the stronger sales outlook and lower cost of quality.

In the New Power segment, revenues increased to $35 million, up 250% due to stronger sales of battery
electric systems, fuel cells and electrolyzers. The EBITDA losses for the quarter were $51 million, in line
with our expectations as we continue to invest in new products and scale up ahead of widespread adoption
of the new technologies.

For the full year, we're maintaining our New Power revenue outlook at $110 million to $130 million, and
we also expect net expense to be in the range of $200 million at the midpoint of our guidance.

The net impact of the changes to individual segment projections is that we forecast total company
revenues to be up 20% to 24% in 2021, up from our prior guidance of up 10%. We're raising our forecast
for company EBITDA margins to be between 15.5% and and 16%, compared to our previous guidance of
15% to 15.5%. This increase is primarily driven by the stronger sales outlook, which we anticipate will
drive incremental earnings that more than offset the increased supply chain costs.

We now expect earnings from joint ventures to be down 5% this year compared to our prior forecast
of down 25% to 30%. Continued strength in China truck and construction markets, especially in the
first half of the year, is the primary reason for the increase in our forecast. We currently project that the
first quarter will mark the high point for joint venture earnings this year, with results expected to ease
in subsequent quarters and particularly the second half of the year, post adoption of the new National
Standard VI on-highway emissions regulations in China in July. We're projecting our effective tax rate to
be 20%, 25% this year -- 22.5%, excluding any discrete items.

Capital expenditures were $87 million in the quarter, up from $75 million a year ago. We expect that our
2021 capital investments will be in the range of $725 million to $775 million, unchanged from prior year
guidance. As Tom mentioned, we returned $615 million to shareholders through dividends and share
repurchase, in line with our plan to return 75% of operating cash flow this year.

To summarize, we delivered strong results in the first quarter, have increased both our sales and
profitability outlook for the year. Supply chain tightness, along with the ongoing impact of COVID-19 will
continue to present challenges in the coming weeks and months. I want to thank all of our employees for
their commitment to support our customers through these challenges and deliver strong full year financial
results. We will continue to prioritize investing in the products and technologies that will drive profitable
growth and return capital to shareholders while improving the day-to-day performance of the company.

Thank you for your interest today, and let me turn it back now to Jack.

Jack Kienzler
Executive Director of Investor Relations
Thanks, Mark. [Operator Instructions] Operator, we are now ready for our first question.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CUMMINS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.

Ann P. Duignan
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Could you just provide more color on your change in guidance on the Components business? It does sound
like most of the change has been driven by a higher-than-expected prebuy in China. Am I reading too
much into that?

And then my follow-up is, based on that, could you provide some color on the cadence of your revenue
and profitability over the next couple of quarters, just balancing the prebuy versus India? And then what
the back half might look like as import costs dissipate potentially?

Mark A. Smith
CFO & VP

Thanks, Ann. This is Mark. I'll take the first pass at that. So we are seeing a rising outlook for most end
markets that are going to benefit the Components business, which has a leadership position in global
markets. So it's not just China. You're right, China has definitely helped that business where we have
consolidated operations that's benefited our results. That's primarily in the first half of the year. The
impact of that strength in China is expected to ease in subsequent quarters in the second half of the year.

I'll come back and talk about the overall joint venture income for the company rather than just
Components in a moment. So yes, that's stronger volume, the Components business is doing a good job
of converting that to additional profitability. And then the second thing is the Components business did
benefit from lower quality costs and a positive change in estimate in our product coverage or warranty
expense in the first quarter, which boosted the results a little bit, which is why the full year margin is a
little bit below the first quarter level of performance.

India, yes, India was an important contributor. We had consolidated revenues of around about $600
million in China and India combined for the Components business in the first quarter. So kind of an
annualized $2.5 billion business. We expect that could drop from that rate in the second half of the year
by as much as 40%, depending on the impact of demand. On the other hand, supply chain permitting,
we're expecting, obviously, the North America demand to continue to improve.

If I now circle back up to the total company picture, really, the story is the same on China that we expect
a significant dropoff in the second half of the year. We don't have great visibility into that. That's an
assumption right now. Q1 remains stronger than we'd anticipated 3 months ago.

But there is -- there are some signs of concern. There's elevated inventory levels. Obviously, the price of
trucks goes up with the introduction of the new emissions regulations. So we baked in kind of a 40% to
50% dropoff in the earnings run rate quarterly in the second half of the year from where we are today. So
hopefully, that wraps up a big picture on China.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Tom, congratulations on the medium-duty engine wins announced over the course of the quarter. I'm
wondering, can you talk about how the collaboration discussions are going with some existing medium-
duty engine customers for providing more services on the electrification side? To what extent does that

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CUMMINS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

help the discussions? Could you just give us some context on whether there's any impact as a result of
working closer here?

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Thanks, Jerry. Here's what I would say is, broadly speaking, as we've said in previous calls, we are
talking now to every OEM about their technology requirements going from today all the way through the
eventual transition to zero carbon. And those technologies include diesel and more advanced versions
of diesel, natural gas, hybrid, electric and fuel cell. And as I've also said before, for many of them, the
diesel side looks less viable from an investment point of view just because their volumes are relatively
smaller than ours and most ranges -- but certainly in midrange. So that's, I think, why you're seeing the
announcements you're seeing.

In addition, though, We are offering them the other technologies, including transition technologies, to help
them figure out how to get from where they are now to a place that's a viable zero carbon solution down
the road.

I would say that all those conversations are all going on, but it's difficult now for OEMs to understand what
the timing of those transitions will look like and exactly what their technology approach wants to be, just
as it is for for most market watchers. It's hard because the viability of those technologies in terms of cost
depends on either carbon tax or regulations or something else coming into play because still, diesel is
quite a bit cheaper than those other solutions today. And of course, it's providing improved fuel economy
with every generation.

So yes, those conversations, as you suggest, are going on. But I would just say that, for the most part,
we're doing work with folks. But what exactly their plans are going to be and what role we're going to play
in those future technologies is still being talked about. Whereas the diesel stuff is moving now because
they have to make investment choices today. Do I invest in the new platform? Or do I have someone else
invest?

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Great. And Tom, on the light-duty diesel side, can you talk about your level of optimism about similar
opportunities that we're seeing falling in your favor on the medium-duty side? What's your level of
optimism about the opportunity set in light-duty?

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

I would say, if you're thinking about passenger cars and that sort of thing, my view is that there are
limited opportunities there. It's not zero. We are having conversations with people, but it's less. And I
think primarily because I think most passenger car companies see investing in new diesel platforms is
probably not a good investment. They're thinking themselves that they're trying to invest more for a
nearer-term future of conversion to hybrids or electric vehicles.

Again, that isn't true across the board. I want to be clear. Pickup trucks and some of the others are --
the transition is less clear. But even there, I'd say that the movement is more of that direction than it is
towards let me think about what my next diesel platform is.

Operator

The next question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi with Bank of America.

Ross Paul Gilardi
BofA Securities, Research Division

I just wanted to expand on Jerry's question maybe the other way. What about heavy-duty engines and
just the likelihood of Daimler outsourcing its heavy-duty diesel engines, too? And on the medium-duty

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CUMMINS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

side, have you said how much additional content you will potentially get on the Component side? Or is that
still determined -- still to be determined?

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So let me first address the heavy-duty question, Ross. Thanks for that. On heavy-duty, of course,
what Daimler's decision would be on that would be best to ask them, not us. But I would just say that we
are -- we're having conversations on heavy-duty with a number of partners. As you guessed, the volume
discussion that I mentioned earlier about trying to invest for limited volume, it's much more dramatic in
medium-duty. The relative volume of our customers versus ours is dramatically different in midrange. It's
not -- it is different in heavy-duty, too. We clearly have a larger position, but it's not as big a difference.

So those conversations are likely to take longer. And it's not as easy a call for an OEM on heavy-duty as
it is on medium-duty. That said, they still have a platform investment to make and as do we. And so the
question is how many of us want to make those. So I do expect more partnerships to occur on heavy-
duty. It's just that those conversations are still ongoing.

Jennifer W. Rumsey
President & COO

Let me just talk a little bit on the Components business. This is Jennifer. I probably don't need to identify
myself. I'm the only female on this call. Of course, our strategy with our partners has been to offer
engines where that's what they would like us to supply. And when we don't supply engines, we often
supply components to them from our Components business.

So when we look at these new partnerships on the Engine side, in some cases, we have the Components
business already. For some of our other components, so it will provide incremental growth opportunity
for us. And then, of course, we also extend those partnership conversations on components where they
continue to do their own engine. So we do see good growth opportunity as a result of these deeper
partnerships on both the Engine and Component side.

Ross Paul Gilardi
BofA Securities, Research Division

And then just more broadly, do you think all the supply chain concerns out there plus perhaps some of
the controversies on some of the newer entrants to the truck market is shifting customer interest on EV
and hydrogen more towards some of the incumbents like yourselves that have established and diversified
manufacturing capability around the world?

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

I would say, Ross, it's hard to say. Here's what I think is that, not surprisingly, some of the new companies
that are starting up that are pure plays and in low-carbon technologies, having trouble, demonstrating
a business model that works now. That's not surprising because the volume is really low. I mean it's --
people know the transitions are coming at some point, but they're not viable without regs or some other
kind of carbon tax or something that moves the needle. So they're struggling to show a business model.
That shouldn't surprise anyone. That's how it is.

And our view is that we are well positioned to provide people with solutions today, solutions that are kind
of transition kind of solutions, natural gas and hybrid and then final solutions. And so we hope that proves
to be the best answer, and we think investors do well to find companies like us who can take the whole --
make the whole lap.

But again, I think the timing of how that's going to work and what's going to -- whether supply chain is
changing people's mind or it's just the business models that don't look viable, I'm not sure. But I noticed
the same thing you do, that there is volatility both in the capital flows and the values of these companies
and also in their perception of success. And I'm sure they'll have a brighter day as well as they have a
cloudy day today. We just think we have the most robust solution at Cummins.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CUMMINS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Jennifer W. Rumsey
President & COO

And as we always do, we are communicating transparently with our customers and doing everything we
can to meet their demand even with all the supply challenges. And so I think continuing to do that is
important part of maintaining strong relationships.

Operator

Our next question comes from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research.

Robert Cameron Wertheimer
Melius Research LLC

Kind of my quick question for the future strategies. Just within Power Systems, power gen, is that
recovery broad-based? Or is it a little bit data center-focused? I don't know if data centers have probably
been climbing in the relative mix.

And then just on the rest of the business, and mining seems like a pretty strong recovery, is there
anything particular to call out? We all know commodity prices are strong. I don't know if there's any one-
off here.

Mark A. Smith
CFO & VP

Rob, it's Mark. I would say, yes, data centers are the enduring secular growth stream, but we have seen a
broader recovery in power gen demand this quarter versus a year ago. U.S., China, India and Asia Pacific,
other regions. And certainly, within the U.S., China, data center is an important element of that. But it's
a little bit broader. And then in mining, most of our growth in engine sales are originating in international
markets right now. And definitely, the outlook has improved -- the confidence has improved a little bit on
mining yet.

Operator

Our next question is coming from the line of Steven Fisher with UBS.

Steven Fisher
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Wondering what you have assumed for freight and other costs in the next few quarters relative to that
$105 million that you incurred in the first quarter. And how that then translates to the cadence of the
Engine margins over the course of the year? Just wondering if that maybe gets a little bit weaker before it
gets a little bit better.

Jennifer W. Rumsey
President & COO

Yes. This is Jennifer Rumsey. Thanks for the question. Yes, we saw higher-than-anticipated premium
freight in Q1, just as we dealt with growing revenue and just trying to keep up in the supply chain and
various disruptions. We do expect that, that's going to improve. So we ran 1.7% of sales in Q1. We think
that will improve as we go into Q2, so down from around $105 million to more like $60 million and then
continue to improve over the course of the year. We will continue to see disruptions that are higher than
typical, just because there's a backorder and we're trying to kind of chase the situation up.

And I'll add that the situation in India is a bit of uncertainty for us right now and how that might impact
both our local markets there as well as the export from India of our own engines and other components in
supply chain.

Mark A. Smith
CFO & VP

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CUMMINS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

And then on the Engine business margin, Steve, there are 2 swing factors. So one, yes, we've assumed
some improvement, particularly in the second half and some of these excess costs, not all of them, but
most of them are showing up in the Engine business, And then measured against that is the expected
decline in China truck demand, in particular, which will impact the joint venture earnings.

So the net of the -- there are 2 moving parts, but the net is not a dramatic change quarter-to-quarter. But
those are the 2 big assumptions that mostly play out in a different way in the second half of the year.

Steven Fisher
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Okay. And then just curious how -- bigger picture, how you think about how natural gas fits into the
picture long term. And how does that drive the investments you're making in natural gas today?

Jennifer W. Rumsey
President & COO

Yes. So we have a leading position today in North America with natural gas products. And our engines
in the U.S. are already certified to beat the CARB '24 ultralow NOx regulations, so that may create some
additional demand there. And we also are offering natural gas products in other parts of the world. So we
think it's a bridge solution. And we'll plan to continue to offer products to meet our customers' needs as a
bridge between diesel engines and future zero carbon.

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

Steve, I mentioned in my remarks, these transition solutions are important because the zero carbon
solutions that we're working on are -- those are the eventual solutions that will win the day. But eventual
is the hard part, that again, the cost and the infrastructure requirements of electric fleets and/or fuel cell
or hydrogen fleets are significant. And so we believe working with OEMs that we'll be able to get those
costs and those infrastructure in place, but we'll need infrastructure. We'll need other investments by
governments and other things to get that done.

So in the meantime, these interim solutions are going to play a significant role. And how long interim is
isn't clear, and it could be extended. So our view is that natural gas and hybrid and some of these other
technologies that we have will really help our customers get through those periods, which, again, could
be -- we could sell across our range of 1 billion engines in those ranges before -- transition could be 1
billion engines. I mean it's a lot of engines over the years, right, with -- across the entire industry across
multiyear. So it's really -- it's important to be thoughtful about those transition technologies just like it is
the final solutions.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse.

Colton Zimmer
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

This is Colton Zimmer on for Jamie Cook. Our first question is on China. In your outlook, are you assuming
that the downturn in this market isn't as bad as maybe you initially thought? Or is it just pushed to the
right and 2022 could be another down year?

And then our second question is just on the setup for incrementals next year. As the supply chain
headwinds and costs go away, is there a chance to earn outsized incrementals in 2022? Or did we miss it
this cycle?

Jennifer W. Rumsey
President & COO

Thanks. I'll talk a little bit about China. So the market for the year is a little bit higher than we had
originally forecasted, and we really think that is strong demand in the first half of the year. So we're

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CUMMINS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

seeing growing demand for the NS V product ahead of the transition that happens in July. And that prebuy
as well as the challenges in the supply chain is driving our OEMs to build as much as possible at this point.

One other dynamic that we think is going to impact going in the second half of the year is that some
regions have extended the period with which NS V product can be registered. So as we go into Q3, we're
going to see inventory of NS V product starting to reduce. And then we're really watching to see how
quickly customers start to buy that NS VI product given it will come at a higher price with the added
content. And so that is really the dynamic strength in the first half of the year, and then we're anticipating
the drop in the second half of the year.

2020 was a record year. We've been saying we think it'll come back in line. It, of course, has continued
to stay strong. So it's been a bit unpredictable, but we do think we'll see a falloff in the second half of the
year.

Mark A. Smith
CFO & VP

And then it's too early to say much about next year. As we've seen in the past couple of years, the
government has been able to effectively set up some incentive programs that have really been taken up
well by truck customers. So there's all -- it's just hard to say what the future plans are basically to take
older emissions trucks out of circulation. So it's too early to say. Certainly, second half of the year, we're
expecting a big dropoff, but wouldn't like a comment yet on 2022.

And then as to your comment about the incremental margins, and certainly, the longer these inefficiencies
persist, eventually, that is clearly a headwind for this year. We've called it out. We expect they're going to
improve in the second half of the year. We do expect that there's going to be improvement going into next
year on that particular line item. There are a lot of moving parts and incremental margins. But yes, that
line item alone, sitting here today, we'd hope and expect to be better next year than it is this year. The
rest, we'll leave for a later day.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steve Volkmann with Jefferies.

Stephen Edward Volkmann
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Great. I wanted to go back to, Tom, your discussion around transition solutions. Because it seems like a lot
of people are forecasting some pretty significant hybrid solutions over the next decade or so, but we never
really seem to discuss those kind of projects. Are you working on those projects? Do you have customers?
And I'm wondering if that actually plays to your strength because hybrid would presumably have a little bit
smaller engine, all things being considered. Just curious about your commentary there.

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

Steve, the answer to the first question is yes. We are definitely working on projects now. They're specific.
They're very specific. They have launch dates, and they will be launched this -- in these next several
years. We will have hybrids on the road. We will be selling them through our key strategic OEMs. So
hybrids are on the move, as you suggested. And again, their life mostly depends on how the zero carbon
solutions come down in cost and durability, reliability and how the infrastructure gets built up, and we'll
need both.

So I think that's why I said that these transition solutions that are going in place, well, may be in
there for a while and they may be in there for a shorter period, depending on which country, which
application, which region you're in because those 2 things -- both the infrastructure and the cost depend
on application and, of course, country and how much infrastructure being built. But the hybrid programs
are real. They are getting launched. It's happening now.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CUMMINS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

And with regard to engine size, I think, initially, what we'll see with hybrids is there'll be relatively mild
hybrid, the first step. And those won't make a big difference on engine. How big the engine is won't be
impacted very much by the size of the battery. But you are right that as you add larger batteries, then you
need less engine to carry the same load. But I think that's -- those are probably generation 2 solutions
rather than generation 1.

Stephen Edward Volkmann
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Super. And just a quick follow-up maybe for Mark. You talked a lot about increases in cost, logistics, et
cetera, but you didn't really mention price. Are you guys following this with increased pricing? I would
assume this is a pretty good environment. Just any thoughts there.

Mark A. Smith
CFO & VP

Thanks. Great question, Steve. So excluding the premium costs, we talked at the start of the year about
positive 40 basis points from price and material cost, the combination of those. We're hanging on to those
40 basis points, but I would say there is signs of a little bit of creeping inflation overall. So yes, we had
pricing in place, had assumptions about cost increase overall. We're just about hanging in there right now,
but that's it.

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

Steve, can I just add one thing? It's -- our costs, as you saw, were significantly higher than we anticipated
even 3 months ago. And just to call it out directly, the big problem is semiconductors. There is a lot of
supply chain challenges. There's everything, weather in Texas and now new challenges with India. You
name it, and we have a shortage on it. But semiconductors is the biggie. That's the one that's really
hard to deal with. And in this quarter, we ended up buying chips on the market, through the aftermarket
and bringing them back into production. We rescheduled and rescheduled and rescheduled to meet our
customers' demand.

Our customers, after a pretty tough first half of last year, are finally seeing demand go up and really want
to ship trucks to their customers. And we really want to help them do that. So frankly, we took it on the
chin. We basically brought in everything we could as fast as we could and shipped it out to them and
didn't raise prices or didn't do any of those things. We just shipped them. And we took it, took it hard this
quarter. And that's just the honest truth. And it's because we felt a commitment to those customers to get
them the product best we could while the going was good.

And so we're not really changing any of that other than hopefully, as Jennifer said, we're going to get
these costs better under control as we don't have to reschedule so much. We understand where our chips
still aren't enough, but we understand where they're coming from more now, and we understand how
many we have really. And we'll be able to level some, schedule some and reduce premium freight. It's still
awful, but it will be less awful in Q2 and less awful again in Q3 as we get more set up. But it was a rough
quarter, and I feel good about what we did for customers, and it was hard to get there.

Operator

Our next question is coming from the line of David Raso with Evercore.

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

First, a clarification. The Component growth, right, 43% the first quarter slows to 28% the rest of the
year, while Engine is the opposite, 14% growth for the quarter, 29% for the rest of the year. That is simply
all related to China, India in the second half because, obviously, Components has twice the exposure to
China, India than the Engine division, correct? It's nothing related to how maybe your customers are
taking product at this point of the cycle. Is that correct?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CUMMINS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Mark A. Smith
CFO & VP

The main answer is no, it's a structural question. So it's not that the Components has twice as much
exposure. It's structured in a different way. So the Engine business is principally through joint ventures
in China, India. And yes, you're right, that's -- otherwise, that's the main factor. There can be some small
timing differences, but that's not the point here, David. It's just the way our business is set up.

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

My question, is the supply chain tightness that we're seeing and maybe, Tom, how you usually think
about year 1 of a recovery than year 2, given the supply chain issues, how are you perceiving the cycle
differently? How are you perceiving inventories at the end of year 1? I'm just trying to get in your head
a little bit about how you're trying to digest this cycle, given it's -- it looks like the inventory is going to
be tight throughout the year. And that also dovetails into a pricing question. Not trying to get '22, '23
guidance from you, but just bigger picture.

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

No, I get your point, Dave. I'll let Jen talk a little bit more about how she sees customers' orders. But I
would just say, broadly speaking, our view is that things that don't get shipped this year we'll ship next
year because there is a supply constraint. There's strong demand out there. And that if the cycle takes
longer to recover or people can't get all the trucks they want, they'll get them next year. I mean -- and
we've seen that in other regions where the capacity of the truck manufacturers doesn't ramp up as quickly
in Europe, for example, in the last upturn, we saw that. It just took them longer to finish the cycle.

And I think that's what will happen here. It will take longer to finish to the extent that the truck demand
can't be fully supplied, which would not be a bad thing per se, if it extended further. I think that's the way
we're seeing it is a longer extended cycle just because we can't -- we're supply-constrained. And I'll let
Jen talk about what she's seeing from customers in that respect.

Jennifer W. Rumsey
President & COO

Yes, for sure. As Tom said, customers are really trying to get everything they can because they see high
demand. Inventories are low, back orders are growing. And we -- I think the industry can stay supply --
largely supply-constrained through the year, which is why we want to ship everything that we can to our
customers to allow them to build and meet the demand. And as I talk to customers, they think it's going
to extend into next year because it's just not going to be able to build enough trucks to meet all of that
demand that's out there.

Operator

Our final question will come from the line of Chad Dillard with Bernstein.

Charles Albert Edward Dillard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

So just following on your Daimler announcement, can you talk about the cadence of the transition for
medium-duty? I know you mentioned that 2024 CARB will be one catalyst, but as your opportunity to gain
incremental share between, I guess, next year or -- and then?

Jennifer W. Rumsey
President & COO

Yes. As we build out that partnership, primarily the emissions regulation changeover is what's going to
drive additional position with Daimler. So what will happen in the U.S. starting in the '24 time period and
then in other regions of the world as emissions change. So that will primarily drive the cadence of growth.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CUMMINS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Charles Albert Edward Dillard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Got it. And then can you talk about your components opportunity just beyond the China and India in
transitions that we're seeing this year? Where do you see like further opportunities to increase your
content intensity?

Jennifer W. Rumsey
President & COO

Yes. So as you said, I mean, a big growth opportunity for us in the Components business has been China
and India with emissions growth and new customers. So we're growing content with existing customers,
and then we're also gaining new customers. Additional opportunity that I want to highlight also in China is
we're launching the Endurant transmission. That's part of our Eaton-Cummins joint venture, in China this
year and the market in China for automated manual transmission, we think, is growing from 8% to 22%
this year. We have a low-volume mine that we now have starting to produce products. So we'll ramp that
up this year. That's another growth opportunity in the Components business.

In China this year, we're also launching an 18th themed version of that transmission later this year. And
then as regulations continue to evolve and we expand some of these partnerships, that will bring further
growth opportunity for the Components business.

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

And Jen mentioned earlier, Chad, that when we get stronger partnerships, we not only get more of our
components because our engines go in, which have, of course, all of our components. But also, we just
introduced more of our components to the remaining engines because it just also reduces their technical
investment to be able to use some of our components and our recipes on their engine. So that will just
continue. That's been ongoing trend, and that will continue.

Operator

We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. So I'd like to turn the floor back over to
management for any additional closing comments.

Jack Kienzler
Executive Director of Investor Relations

Thank you very much. As always, thanks to everybody for your continued interest in Cummins. I'll be
available for questions after the call. And yes, I hope you all have a very good day.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. We thank you for your participation, and
you may disconnect your lines at this time.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CUMMINS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

