Cummins Inc. NYSE:CMI
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, February 04, 2021 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

2.75

3.36

22.18

3.35

11.33

12.01

6.00

14.04

5178.47

5830.00

12.58

5405.58

19174.10

19811.00

3.32

22036.34

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-04-2021 1:53 PM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.19

0.95

2.45

2.75

3.41

1.86

3.36

3.36

55.71 %

95.79 %

37.14 %

22.18 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CUMMINS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jack Kienzler
Executive Director of Investor
Relations

Livingston
Satterthwaite;President and
Chief Operating Officer

Mark A. Smith
CFO & VP

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

ANALYSTS

Ann P. Duignan
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Jamie Lyn Cook
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Noah Duke Kaye
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CUMMINS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Greetings, and welcome to the Cummins Inc. Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference. [Operator
Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Jack Kienzler, Executive Director of Investor Relations.
Thank you, sir. Please go ahead.

Jack Kienzler
Executive Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, and good morning, everyone. And welcome to our teleconference today to discuss Cummins'
results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2020. Participating with me today are our Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer, Tom Linebarger; our President and Chief Operating Officer, Tony Satterthwaite; our
Chief Financial Officer, Mark Smith; and the President of our Components business; Jennifer Rumsey. We
will all be available for your questions at the end of the teleconference.

Before we start, please note that some of the information that you will hear or be given today will
consist of forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such
statements express our forecasts, expectations, hopes, beliefs and intentions on strategies regarding
the future. Our actual future results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking
statements because of a number of risks and uncertainties. More information regarding such risks and
uncertainties is available in the forward-looking disclosure statement in the slide deck and our filings with
the Securities and Exchange Commission, particularly the Risk Factors section of our most recently filed
annual report on Form 10-K and any subsequently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q.

During the course of this call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, and we refer you
to our website for the reconciliation of those measures to GAAP financial measures. Our press release with
a copy of the financial statements and a copy of today's webcast presentation are available on our website
at www.cummins.com, under the heading of Investors and Media.

With that out of the way, we will begin with our Chairman and CEO, Tom Linebarger.

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Jack, and good morning, everybody. If that voice sounded different to you, it's because it was.
That was Jack Kienzler, not James Hopkins. And I want to welcome Jack to the Investor Relations function
into this quarterly earnings call. Jack is not new to Cummins. He has been with the company since 2014.
He has worked in finance. He has worked in strategy. He has a great understanding of our business and
our financial performance. He will be a terrific addition to the Investor Relations team. And he will, I think,
continue James' efforts to not only improve communication with investors, but make sure that you have
the insights and understanding you need of our business and financial performance. James also worked
with managers across the company to make sure that we understood what you as investors need from us.
And for that, I'm very grateful. James is now working in the engine business and strategy, and I know he'll
do a terrific job. So thanks to James.

Before I go through the summary of our fourth quarter and full year results, I want to take a moment to
acknowledge and thank our employees for the sacrifices they've made over the course of 2020. In the
second quarter, we faced the most severe decline in quarterly sales in our history, followed by a rapid
recovery in demand and supported by a supply chain that was severely impacted by the pandemic. Our
employees have worked tirelessly to navigate the many challenges caused by COVID-19 across the globe
in order to support our customers and operate with financial discipline. I can't thank them enough for their
commitment, their agility and their resilience.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CUMMINS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Now I'll summarize our fourth quarter and full year results and finish with a discussion of our outlook
for 2021. Mark will then take you through more details of both our fourth quarter financial performance
and our forecast for this year. As a reminder, in the fourth quarter of 2019, we recorded restructuring
charges totaling $119 million pretax or $90 million after tax. In order to provide clarity on operational
performance, I'm excluding any references to those charges from my comments.

Revenues for the fourth quarter of 2020 were $5.8 billion, an increase of 5% compared to the fourth
quarter of 2019 driven primarily by increased demand in Chinese truck and construction markets. EBITDA
was $837 million or 14.4% compared to $682 million or 12.2% a year ago. EBITDA percent increased
due to higher revenue, stronger joint venture income and benefits from restructuring actions taken in the
fourth quarter of 2019 partially offset by higher product coverage costs. Fourth quarter EBITDA included
$36 million of reorganization and facility closure costs associated with actions taken to improve future
performance primarily in our distribution business.

For the full year, Cummins sales were $19.8 billion, down 16% year-over-year. Our EBITDA margins were
$3.1 billion or 15.7% of sales compared to $3.7 billion or 15.8% of sales in 2019. In our Engine business,
sales decreased by 20% in 2020. Lower demand in most of our major regions and markets was partially
offset by record levels of demand in the on-highway and construction segment in China. EBITDA was
15.4% compared to 14.6% in 2019 as the benefits of higher joint venture income, restructuring and
temporary salary reductions more than offset the impact of lower volumes.

Sales for our distribution business decreased by 12% in 2020 driven by lower demand for engines and
power generation equipment in addition to lower utilization of our products across many of our regions,
driving lower aftermarket demand. Full year EBITDA increased to 9.3% compared to 8.6% in 2019 driven
by the realization of benefits of our transformation activities, especially in North America and other cost
reduction actions.

Full year revenues for the Components segment declined by 13% due to lower truck production in North
America and Europe. This more than offset increases in revenue associated with new products designed to
meet Bharat Stage VI emissions regulations in India and record levels of truck demand in China. EBITDA
was 16.0% compared to 16.2% in 2019. The decrease in EBITDA percent was primarily due to lower
volumes, which more than offset the benefits of restructuring actions, temporary salary reductions and
lower warranty expense.

Power Systems sales decreased by 19% in 2020. Sales of our power generation equipment declined by
14% as lower demand for standby power generation equipment in North America, India and Asia more
than offset continued strong demand in data center markets, especially in China. Demand for engines and
industrial applications declined by 26% due to lower demand in oil and gas and mining markets. EBITDA
was 9.4% compared to 11.7% in 2019. The decrease in EBITDA was primarily driven by lower volumes,
which more than offset the benefits of prior restructuring actions and temporary salary reductions.

In our New Power business, revenues increased by 89% to $72 million primarily driven by electrolyzer
demand. Full year New Power EBITDA was a loss of $172 million, in line with our forecast, as we continued
to invest in new products and technologies ahead of widespread market adoption.

And before I move on to some of our key markets, I'd like to take a moment to provide an update on
the progress we made in New Power in 2020. First, we delivered a 20-megawatt PEM electrolyzer system
to generate green hydrogen in Becancour, Quebec, making it the largest operation of its kind in the
world. The Cummins electrolyzer system is installed on an Air Liquide hydrogen production facility and
began commercial operation late last year. The Cummins PEM electrolyzer can produce over 3,000 tons of
hydrogen annually using hydropower. In addition to the Becancour installation, we delivered 4 megawatts
of electrolyzers to 9 additional customers in 2020.

We provided fuel cell modules to ASKO, Norway's largest grocery wholesaler, that were integrated into
4 Scania trucks. The fuel cell electric truck pilot is the first of its kind as ASKO aims to reduce its energy
use by 20% and ultimately become a self-sufficient provider of clean energy using 100% renewable fuel.
Cummins also supplied fuel cells for FAUN, a leader in waste collection vehicles and sweepers in Europe for
their electric refuse truck program. Cummins is also the largest supplier of fuel cells for the rail industry.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CUMMINS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

And we are using experience from rail applications in our design for other heavy-duty transportation
applications to provide best-in-class solutions.

In the battery electric market, we delivered 147 fully electric powertrains to BlueBird in 2020 for use in the
school bus market and 19 powertrains to GILLIG for use in the transit bus market. Our products are now
powering over 250 school buses, which are actively in service today in addition to transit buses operating
in municipalities around North America. Finally, we formed the NPROXX joint venture in 2020 to provide
customers with high-pressure tank and storage solutions in hydrogen and natural gas markets.

We have a strong portfolio of distinctive platforms and are continuing to invest in key technology areas
for the future. We are targeting our focus and investment at the markets where commercial opportunities
exist today or will emerge in the near or medium term. The experience we are gaining in the field is
providing us opportunities to continuously improve our products and leverage prior investments into new
applications. In addition to the technical experience we are accumulating, our sales and service channel,
customer relationships and global footprint will position us well when broader commercialization of fuel cell
electric powertrains and battery electric powertrains take place.

Now I will comment on some of our key markets in 2020, starting with North America, and then I'll
comment on some of our largest international markets. Our revenues in North America decreased 21%
in 2020 primarily due to lower demand across our segments in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Industrial production of heavy-duty trucks declined to 187,000 units, a decrease of 39% from 2019 levels,
while our heavy-duty unit sales declined to 63,000, a decrease of 36% from 2019. We began shipments of
our X12 engine to Freightliner for use in their Cascadia day and sleeper cab models in 2020.

In addition to sales in various location -- applications, our entry into the regional haul market with the
low weight X12 engine will further support our leading market share in this segment. The market size for
medium-duty trucks was 101,000 units in 2020, a decline of 28% from 2019 levels, while our unit sales
were 78,000, a decline of 32% from 2019. We shipped 125,000 engines to Chrysler for use in their RAM
pickups in 2020, a decline of 14% from 2019 levels.

Engine sales to construction customers in North America decreased by 42% as nonresidential construction
spending decline and rental companies cut capital spending. Engine shipments to high horsepower
markets in North America decreased by 11% from last year, with lower demand from oil and gas and
mining segments partially offset by increased shipments to marine and defense customers. Power
generation revenues decreased by 13% year-over-year driven by lower demand for standby applications
resulting from lower nonresidential construction spending.

Our international revenues declined 7% in 2020, with weaker demand in most markets more than
offsetting a record year in China. Full year revenues in China, including joint ventures, were $6.9 billion,
up 25%. The increased revenue was driven by record demand in the truck, construction and data center
markets. Industry demand for medium and heavy-duty trucks in China was 1.8 million units, an increase
of 35% driven by increased incentives to scrap older trucks and the increase in government stimulus
following the easing of COVID-19 restrictions. Our units sold, including joint ventures, were 286,000, an
increase of 47%.

The light-duty truck market in China increased 17% from 2019 levels to 2.2 million units, while our units
sold, including joint ventures, were 189,000 units, an increase of 24%. Industry demand for excavators
set another record of 328,000 units in 2020, an increase of 39% from 2019 levels. Our units sold were
53,000 units, an increase of 58% as our domestic partners gained market share.

In our Power Systems markets, demand for power generation equipment in China increased 8% compared
to 2019 driven by growth in key markets such as data center, infrastructure and health care. Industrial
engine sales declined 34% from 2019 levels primarily driven by weakness in oil and gas and mining
markets.

Full year revenues in India, including joint ventures, were $1.2 billion, down 26%. Industry truck
production declined by 54% in 2020. Demand for construction equipment dropped 28%. And power
generation revenue declined 40% in 2020. Our components business was the one major bright spot,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CUMMINS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

with revenue up 17% as a result of new products designed to meet both the Bharat Stage VI emissions
regulations introduced in April in addition to new customer wins. In Brazil, our revenues declined 11% by
weak -- driven by weaker demand in most end markets.

Now let me provide our overall outlook for 2021 and then comment on individual regions and end markets.
We are forecasting total company revenues for 2021 to increase 8% to 12% compared to 2020 driven by
an increase in heavy-duty and medium-duty truck production in North America, Europe and India, offset
by China, where we expect demand to moderate after a record year in 2020 particular in the second half
of the year. We expect demand for construction equipment to increase in North America and Europe and
decline in China from record levels experienced last year. We are forecasting higher demand in global
mining, oil and gas and power generation markets and expect aftermarket revenues to increase by 10%
compared with 2020. Industry production for heavy-duty trucks in North America is projected to be
245,000 to 265,000 units in 2021, a 30% to 40% increase year-over-year. In the medium-duty truck
market, we expect the market size to be 120,000 to 130,000 units, a 20% to 30% increase from last year.

This year, we will begin selling engines to Isuzu for use in the medium-duty truck markets. We have
been working with Isuzu on multiple collaboration initiatives since 2019, including the delivery of next-
generation low-emission products and are excited to take our partnership to the next level. We have
delivered some initial units which are being incorporated into vehicles in North America now and plan to
begin serial production in the second quarter of 2021.

In 2023, we expect to supply engines to Isuzu for truck applications in Japan and Southeast Asia. Our
engine shipments for pickup trucks in North America are expected to be up 5% compared to 2020. In
China, we expect domestic -- we are projecting domestic revenues, including joint ventures, to be down
20% in 2021. We currently project a 30% reduction in heavy- and medium-duty truck demand and a 5%
to 10% reduction in demand for the light-duty truck market. We expect demand to be heavily weighted
towards the first half of the year, particularly in the first quarter, and primarily driven by prebuy ahead of
the broad NS VI implementation in July and OEM efforts to increase inventory levels to mitigate supply
chain constraints.

Industry volumes of NS VI product will increase in 2021 as the new regulations are implemented more
broadly across China from July onwards. We first launched engines to meet standards similar to NS VI in
the United States 10 years ago and have leveraged our knowledge in powertrain technologies to develop
a range of products for Chinese markets that we expect to be well received by end users. Industry sales
of excavators in China are expected to decline 20% from last year's record levels. We also expect demand
the first half of the year for excavators to be stronger than the second half driven by infrastructure
projects and a strong housing market, which is expected to decline in the second half of the year as the
government stimulus tightens.

In India, we project total revenue, including joint ventures, to increase 25% in 2020. We expect industry
demand for trucks to increase 20% in 2021. The new emission standards in China and India will result
in significantly more content for each Cummins engine we sell. For example, we expect to increase sales
of after-treatment systems by over $250 million in 2021. We project our major global high horsepower
markets will improve in 2021. Sales of mining engines are expected to increase by 10% to 15% in 2021
with greater demand following a recovery in commodity prices. Demand for new oil and gas engines is
expected to increase by 55% in 2021, albeit off a very low base primarily driven by increased fracking
activity in North America. Demand in global power generation markets is expected to increase 5% driven
by continued growth in data center markets and strong RV market in North America.

In New Power, we expect full year sales to be between $110 million and $130 million. We have a backlog
of approximately 65 megawatts in electrolyzers, which we expect to be delivered over the course of the
next 12 to 18 months. We will continue to deliver fuel cell systems for use in the European rail market. We
also expect to provide modest volumes of fuel cells for truck applications in 2021 as some fleets try out
the new technology.

We are continually innovating across our broad portfolio of power solutions from diesel and natural gas
to fuel cells, hybrid and fully electric options. We plan to provide our customers with the right technical
solution for their application at the right time and to continue to be a leader in power for commercial and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CUMMINS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

industrial equipment. While current indicators point to improving demand in a number of key regions and
markets in 2021, significant uncertainty remains, requiring continued strong focus on managing costs and
cash flow as our markets continue to recover around the world. We are still operating under a pandemic
with extreme safety measures in place and our suppliers and customers are doing the same. This is
presenting challenges to global supply chains as our industry responds to rising demand across multiple
end markets.

Having effectively managed through an extremely challenging 2020, Cummins is in a strong position to
keep investing in future growth and continuing to return cash to shareholders. In summary, we expect full
year sales growth of 8% to 12% and EBITDA to be in the range of 15% to 15.5% of sales. The benefits
of higher volumes and ongoing cost reduction activities will be partially offset by lower joint venture
earnings, investment in new products and some additional costs with supply chain inefficiencies and the
year-over-year impact of restoring full salaries following temporary salary reductions between April and
September last year.

Now let me turn it over to Mark, who will focus on our financial results and discuss them in more detail.
Mark?

Mark A. Smith
CFO & VP

Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with a quick summary of our financial performance in
the fourth quarter and full year 2020 before moving to our outlook for 2021. As a reminder, in the fourth
quarter last year, we -- 2019, we recorded restructuring charges of $119 million pretax or $90 million after
tax. I'm going to exclude any references to those charges in my subsequent comments to provide clarity
and consistency on the underlying operating performance.

There were 4 key highlights this quarter. First, the pace at which customer demand for Cummins products
rebounded and our employees' agility in responding to the higher customer orders. Second, we delivered
solid profitability, especially when we peel back the expenses associated with cost reduction activities and
some elevated costs tied to a tightness in global supply chain. Third, we converted the sales into cash,
delivering $1.1 billion of operating cash flow, our second consecutive quarter delivering more than $1
billion in cash. And fourth, we increased cash returns to shareholders in the fourth quarter as visibility to
improving demand increased.

Now let me go into more details on the fourth quarter and full year performance. Fourth quarter revenues
were $5.8 billion, an increase of 5% from a year ago and snapping a 5-quarter run of declining sales.
While the origins and depths of each of the downturns in the past 20 years have varied, each one has
yielded negative sales growth for Cummins of between 4 and 6 quarters. Sales in North America were
flat and international revenues increased 12%. Currency movements in aggregate had a minimal impact
on revenues in the fourth quarter. EBITDA was 100 -- $837 million or 14.4% of sales compared to $682
million or 12.2% of sales a year ago. EBITDA dollars increased by $155 million with the positive impact
of higher sales, the benefits of restructuring and lower variable compensation expense more than offset
higher product coverage costs and additional supply chain costs.

Fourth quarter EBITDA included $36 million of expenses associated with the reorganization activities and
facility closures primarily driven by transformation initiatives in our distribution business. That 60 -- $36
million was equally split between gross margin and our operating expenses. Gross margin of $1.4 billion or
23.3% of sales increased by $48 million, but decreased as a percent of sales by 20 basis points year-over-
year. Higher product coverage expense and additional costs associated in meeting rising demand more
than offset the positive impact of higher volumes and the benefits of restructuring, leading to a slight
reduction in gross margin as a percent of sales.

Combination of a sharp recovery in demand in nearly all of our end markets and the ongoing COVID-19
pandemic have led to tightness in global supply chains. We leveraged our global footprint to respond to
the rapid increase in demand, but did incur additional freight and labor costs in doing so, which reduced
fourth quarter margins by approximately 60 basis points. We anticipate that these elevated costs will

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CUMMINS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

continue through the first half of 2021 and have incorporated them into the midpoint of our guidance for
this year.

Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by $56 million or 9% due to the benefits of
restructuring, reduced discretionary expenses and lower variable compensation. Research expenses
decreased by $16 million or 6% from a year ago. Joint venture income increased by $36 million primarily
due to continued strong demand for trucks in China, which we converted into earnings growth and higher
profits in our India operations. Other income of $24 million increased by $4 million from a year ago.

Net earnings for the quarter were $501 million or $3.36 per diluted share compared to $390 million or
$2.56 from a year ago. The effective tax rate in the quarter was 19.7%. Operating cash flow in the quarter
was an inflow of $1.1 billion, $304 million higher than the fourth quarter last year. Higher earnings and
lower working capital contributed to the strong cash generation.

Now I'll move to the full year 2020 commentary. Revenues were $19.8 billion, a decrease of 16% or $3.8
billion from a year ago, the largest dollar decline in sales in company history. Sales in North America
decreased 21% and international revenues decreased 7%. Currency movements negatively impacted
revenues by 1%. EBITDA was $3.1 billion or 15.7% of sales for 2020 compared to $3.7 billion or 15.8%
of sales a year ago. The benefits of restructuring, lower compensation expenses due to temporary salary
reductions, lower variable pay and record joint venture performance in China were more than offset by
the impact of lower volumes. The record performance in China is remarkable when considering the COVID
related restrictions faced by our people in operations in the first quarter last year and throughout much of
the remainder of last year.

Net earnings were $1.8 billion or $12.01 per diluted share. This compares to $2.4 billion or $15.05
per diluted share a year ago. Importantly, our results in 2020 extended our track record of raising
performance over successive cycles with earnings per share 46% higher than we delivered in the prior
downturn of 2016. Full year cash from operations was an inflow of $2.7 billion, our second highest year.
The solid profitability and lower working capital in the second half of the year contributed to the strong
cash generation.

Capital expenditures in 2020 were $528 million, down $172 million from 2019 as we reprioritized and
reduced our plans in response to the pandemic induced global economic contraction. We returned $1.4
billion of cash to shareholders or 52% of operating cash flow in the form of share repurchases and
dividends in 2021. We repurchased 3.9 million shares throughout the year at an average price of $164.
After pausing share repurchases at the end of the first quarter in the face of unprecedented uncertainty,
we resumed repurchases in the fourth quarter. In doing so, we completed the ninth share repurchase
program approved by our Board of Directors and began repurchasing under our tenth program. In October,
we raised our quarterly cash dividend by 3% as visibility to improving demand increased.

Moving on to the operating segments. I will summarize our 2020 results and provide our current forecast
for 2021. For the Engine segment, 2020 revenues decreased 20% from a year ago while EBITDA increased
from 14.6% to 15.4% of sales. In 2021, we expect revenues to grow between 10% and 14%, with this
increase primarily driven by higher truck production in North America and stronger aftermarket revenues
also in North America. 2021 EBITDA is projected to be in the range of 14% to 15% compared to 15.4% of
sales in 2020. The benefits of higher volumes are expected to be more than offset by lower joint venture
income, which I'll comment more a little later, and an increase in product coverage costs associated with
new product launches.

In the Distribution segment, revenues decreased 12% from a year ago to $7.1 billion. EBITDA increased
as a percent of sales to 9.3% compared to 8.6% a year ago. We expect 2021 Distribution revenues to
grow between 6% and 10% compared to 2020, with this increase primarily driven by stronger aftermarket
activity in North America. EBITDA margins are expected to be between 9.6% and 10.6%, up from 9.3%
in 2020, as we continue to realize the benefits of our North American transformation work and other
improvement actions in international markets.

Components segment revenue declined 13% in 2020, while EBITDA decreased from 16.2% of sales
to 16%. This year, we expect revenues to increase 9% to 13% primarily due to higher industry truck

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CUMMINS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

production in North America and incremental revenues from new products in China or in India following
the implementation of National Standard VI and Bharat Stage VI emissions regulation. EBITDA is projected
to be in the range of 14.4% to 15.4% of sales compared to 16% in 2020 primarily due to lower joint
venture income in China and launch costs associated with some of our new NS VI products in China. In the
Power Systems segment, revenues decreased 19% in 2020 and EBITDA declined from 11.7% to 9.4% of
sales. In 2021, we expect revenues to increase between 7% and 11% primarily due to higher demand for
mining engines and power generation equipment.

EBITDA is projected to be between 10.1% and 11.1% of sales, up from 9.4% in 2020 primarily due to the
benefits of higher volumes. In the New Power segment, revenues increased $72 million in 2020 and our
operating loss was $172 million. In 2021, we anticipate revenues between $110 million and $130 million.
Net expense is projected to be between $190 million and $200 million -- $210 million as we continue to
make targeted investments in our technology portfolio consistent with the projections we made at our
Hydrogen Day.

As Tom mentioned, we are projecting 2021 company revenues to be up between 8% and 12%. The
company EBIT (sic) [ EBITDA ] margins expected to be in the range of 15% to 15.5% of sales compared
to 15.7% [ in 2020 ]. The benefits of higher volumes are expected to be partially offset by weaker joint
venture income and the impact of restoring compensation following temporary salary reductions in 2020.
Weaker demand in China following a record year in 2020 and lower earnings in India following tax and
other onetime benefits last year are the main drivers of the lower joint venture income.

As Tom mentioned, our guidance for joint venture income assumes that truck demand in China will decline
sharply in the second half of 2021 following the country-wide adoption of National Standard VI emissions
regulations. At this time, we have limited visibility to industry demand beyond the fourth -- first quarter,
and we'll continue to provide updates in this important market as the year progresses.

We are predict -- projecting our effective tax rate to be approximately 22.5% in 2021, excluding discrete
items. We expect our 2021 capital investments will be in the range of $725 million to $775 million. As
we've discussed in prior years, our base case is to return 50% of operating cash flow to shareholders.
And in years when we expect our cash flow to exceed the needs of our core business, we'll return more.
In 2021, we currently plan to return 75% of operating cash to shareholders in the form of dividends and
share repurchases.

To summarize, we delivered strong results in 2020 in the face of unprecedented challenges, extending
our track record of raising performance cycle-over-cycle. The solid financial performance was only made
possible by our employees who work tirelessly to support our customers, manage through customer
shutdowns and amid significant fluctuations in demand. They managed all of this while adjusting the way
they work and maintaining financial discipline throughout.

As we enter 2021, we are well positioned to capitalize on strengthening markets to deliver another strong
year. We will continue to invest in the products and technologies that will fuel profitable growth in the
future and return capital to shareholders, while maintaining the flexibility to ensure that we can weather
any volatility that may lay ahead. Thank you for your interest today.

Now let me turn it back to Jack.

Jack Kienzler
Executive Director of Investor Relations
Thanks, Mark. [Operator Instructions] Donna, we are now ready for our first question.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CUMMINS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Jamie Cook of Crédit Suisse.

Jamie Lyn Cook
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I guess a couple questions. First, the commentary on China. Just wondering, I think you said you only
-- just wondering if you could clarify how much visibility you have into that market or what the OEs are
telling you about production relative to your forecast of down 25% to 30% and given, I think, January was
up about 60%. So I'm just trying to figure out how conservative that forecast could be or what you expect
first half versus second half.

And then my second question, the market is talking a lot about supply chain issues. You talked about that
in the fourth quarter and risks into 2021. So if you could sort of elaborate there. And what are the supply
chain risks and costs embedded in your guidance?

Mark A. Smith
CFO & VP

Yes. Jamie, it's Mark. So I'll cover China here. So we do not have concrete forecast for the full year. Of
course, in any situation, demand varies due to a number of considerations. But we are hearing a very
cautious tone from our OEM customers in China about demand in the second half of the year. It is true
that demand held up strongly through the second half of 2020. And yes, you're right, the industry is off
to a strong start in Q1. We don't expect to see that significant decline in Q1. That's for sure. So that --
hence, we made clear our assumption, and we will keep you updated, but we don't have concrete visibility.

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

Jamie, just one thing to add on China. I think you hit on the key point. The first half to second half
is going to be really different. And so it's really going to be hard to tell whether our assumption is
conservative or not in the first half. We'll just see. It just seems like the number of trucks and excavators
being produced, it just seems like a lot for us relative to the economy's ability to absorb it. Again, that's
just from history and experience, and we'll see. I mean last year was just an enormous production build.
And as Mark said, OEMs are cautious about the same thing, but nobody has a firm grasp on it. And then
there's the emissions change in the middle, which also seems like a good impact thing. So we're using our
experience and history here to make this call. We did the same thing in 2020 and got it wrong. It ended
up being strong all year. So we'll see. But the first half is likely to be good. And then we'll know a lot more
as we get through the end of the second quarter about how the second half is going to go.

Let me let Tony talk a little bit about the supply chain. There's a lot to say about that. And Tony has got
a lot of details about what we're doing to try to work through with our customers and our suppliers on
supply chain issues.

Livingston Satterthwaite;President and Chief Operating Officer

Jamie, just very quickly, I just want to say the most interesting thing that's happening is the rate at
which demand has increased. We've never seen an increase in demand happen this quickly. And that, that
combined with COVID and the pandemic has really stretched the supply chain. Mark mentioned, we did
have elevated freight costs in the fourth quarter of last year. And as he said, we expect those to continue
through the first half.

We are working with all of our suppliers. The supply base is generally tight, not just semiconductors, which
has gotten a lot of press. But many of our components are on longer lead times, our suppliers, and we are
struggling with absenteeism due to COVID. And we are working very closely with our customers to remain

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CUMMINS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

connected and to continue to supply them as best we can. We are working through all of these issues on a
daily basis. And the costs that we expect are included in our guidance, and we expect to be able to supply
what we believe our market forecast is that Mark said earlier.

Jamie Lyn Cook
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Are you going to give what the costs are? And then I guess is -- are the supply chain issues -- to what
degree are they limiting your top line forecast, if any? I'm just wondering if your top line forecast is more
conservative because you're just worried about supply chain issues and that sort of a headwind to your
guide outside of just costs.

Mark A. Smith
CFO & VP

So just to clarify. So the costs of about 60 basis points of a hit in Q4, we'd expect that level to continue in
Q1 and Q2. And after that, our guidance assumes that starts to get better [ forward ].

Jamie Lyn Cook
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

And is there anything limiting your top line guide, Mark, in terms of like you just assuming sales are lower
because the industry has bottlenecks?

Mark A. Smith
CFO & VP

I mean it's clear we -- in the short run, it's tight. We anticipate that supply chains ease in the second half
of the year. That's the best way to say it. But no, we've given our range of market sizes, and we expect to
be able to meet all of those.

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

But Jamie, if you step back from it, there's no question that supply chain constraints are impacting
everybody's view of what the production is going to be. So OEMs, suppliers like us, first tier and then
second tier, everybody knows that there's supply chain limits. It's just -- it's hard for us to see as --
because our customers are driving our demand, how much they're weighing in their own limitations versus
what they see customers ordering and things. But it just -- as every conversation, supply chain comes up.
So I just assume it's having some impact. But we are expecting to be able to fulfill our customers' needs,
as Tony said, throughout the year. It's just hand-to-mouth every day.

Mark A. Smith
CFO & VP

And just to build on what Tony -- it is the most rapid rate of increase that we've seen. So the question is,
how long will -- at what pace will that sustain? We're optimistic about growing demand, but there's some
noise in the system given the supply chain tightness.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Ann Duignan of JPMorgan.

Ann P. Duignan
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I'll skip the margin questions and turn to more strategic questions. Yesterday, you were part of an industry
announcement on hydrogen, the alliance that was put forward, particularly for the U.S. And I'm wondering
if you could talk about that and where you see the U.S. going in terms of a hydrogen future versus
Europe. It's easier to see it happening in Europe given their lack of energy independence, but maybe not

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CUMMINS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

the same sense of urgency in the U.S. So just curious to hear your thoughts on that and where you think
we go from here with this alliance?

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

Thanks for that, Ann, I appreciate the question. The Hydrogen Forward alliance is really just trying to
make sure that those of us that are investing in the industry are making it clear to policymakers and other
potential participants what the opportunity is with hydrogen. Because I do think, if you just check in with
people's imagination about what a low-carbon future can look like, I think everybody from government,
regulators to my kids understand what battery cars might mean and all that, and they get it. I think the
role that hydrogen is going to play in larger energy use, more energy dense demand, it's just not as clear.
And I think we need to be more proactive in helping people understand what it can mean to our entire
energy system, and of course, what it can mean to equipment that we might supply.

So we decided that since a lot of us have been investing a lot of time and energy in that and see the
opportunity, we better start telling people about it. So that, of course, includes Biden administration
and regulators, but it also includes general public. And I think a bunch of industry participants or people
who could be participants, understanding what investments might make sense. That's the goal of that
initiative. And I agree with exactly what you said that Europe has moved much faster to understand the
role that hydrogen can play both in energy storage, cleaning up a high carbon industries, steel making and
others as well as potentially in transportation like trucks and trains. And I think the U.S. really does lag
there. And part of it is, what I said, is just the understanding of regulators and others is not as good.

But part of it is also because we kind of went into a different phase, I guess, over the last 5 -- 4 or 5 years
where we weren't really doing much for energy planning. I see that changing. We've already had several
conversations with members of the Biden administration or transition people about trying to put together
a more comprehensive energy strategy that -- for a low-carbon future. So I'm optimistic that not only will
we have a more comprehensive plan, but that hydrogen will play a role in it. And we're trying, of course,
to impact that. We do believe that for the kind of commercial industrial applications that we are involved
with anyway, that hydrogen-based technologies, can have a big role, so -- which is why we're investing in
it.

Ann P. Duignan
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Clearly, and I appreciate that. And I agree with everything. But then during your Hydrogen Day, just a
quick follow-up, I mean you guided to revenues for electrolyzers, but you didn't guide any revenue for fuel
cells, and in particular, the rail side. Is that because by -- in your time frame, those will still not be really
material and we'll have to wait beyond that? Or was there any other reason why you didn't guide to any
revenue for fuel cells?

Jack Kienzler
Executive Director of Investor Relations

Ann, this is Jack. I think there's nothing more behind it besides the fact that we just have a bit lower
visibility and the lead time behind those orders is a bit lower than on the electrolyzer side. So as Tom
mentioned in his comments, there's solid momentum in the rail space with Alstom and others and as well
as on the fuel cell markets with some prototypes with fleets hopefully this year.

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

And we'll try to give more visibility to what those look like in the future. Again, as you heard from Jack,
the rail side, we know what the orders are. We just don't know the rate and pace by which they're going
to be able to take them. It's still a pretty low scale operation, both on Alstom's side and ours. So we're
working through all that. But we'll give more visibility as we understand. I get why you -- why it might be
interesting to those that are watching the industry. So we'll see what we can do to provide more guidance
there.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CUMMINS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Operator

Our next question is coming from Noah Kaye of Oppenheimer.

Noah Duke Kaye
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

I guess can we maybe talk a little bit about the priorities for R&D investment this year? You had
mentioned some of the launch costs associated with NS VI and BS VI. But as we kind of get through
that, we've got advanced clean trucks on the horizon, some other emissions standards, plus the ongoing
investment on the New Power side. So can you just kind of highlight for us where the investment is going?
And I guess, at the end of that, are you kind of looking for R&D to get back to the 2019 level? Are we
looking for a step-up in R&D here?

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

Yes. It's a good question, Noah. We will continue to invest significantly in R&D, both in our core businesses
and our New Power businesses. As we talked about, maybe it was last year -- beginning of last year, we
expected R&D to -- over time, to increase some over what we were experiencing when we really just
had one technology to invest in. So as a percent of sales, we expect to continue to drive up R&D to some
degree because we just -- now we're investing both for a low carbon future and the existing products at
the same time. And so there are significant investments for both low emissions diesel products across the
world. Those are in components and in engines.

We've now got new regulations in California to meet, plus we've got all those New Power technologies.
So we have a lot to invest in. So you should expect R&D costs to come back to normal after 2020. And
in fact, to continue to grow as a percent of sales. Although, again, some are shown in the new power
business, some in the engine business. So they're mixed around. But as a total matter, we are investing
more in R&D.

Noah Duke Kaye
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Okay. That's very helpful. And then just wanted to ask about the pipeline for new platform wins.
Congratulations, obviously, on Isuzu, starting to ramp this year. But do you look at 2021 as kind of a sort
of a ratable year of potential new platform wins? Are we may be getting to an inflection point this year
where there are just more decisions being made, and so you have more short-term goal?

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

It's a great question. And of course, you know that, as we've said, we are having conversations with
lots of different customers, partners about this, and have been for some time. And I've been thinking
that the year it has -- that they need to make decisions was the year I'm in for the last several years.
It's a complicated conversation for all involved, both because there's a lot of strategic choices for the
customer about where they want to invest and where they don't. There's employees and facilities and
other decisions to make. So it's a complicated set of decisions. We are talking to a number of customers
and do expect some of them to choose to invest in other technologies other than diesel in the coming
years.

And so -- and we think we're positioned well. We'll see. But we think we're positioned well to win some
of that business, but we are continuing those conversations. And again, I'm -- I expect some more to
come this year, but than I expected more last year, too. So we'll just see where it goes. And -- but we are
having conversations with lots of people. And as you said, with Isuzu, it's a really -- it's a meaningful step
in that partnership. That's a good example. We've been -- we've actually had a collaboration with them
for several years now. It's been very meaningful conversations. But it's complicated for them to figure out
how to navigate this, and this is an important and meaningful step for them, and I think is a beginning of
a lot of things we can do together. And I believe that other customers are in the same spot.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CUMMINS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Operator

Our next question is coming from Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs.

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I'm wondering -- Mark, I'm wondering if you could talk about if we do see upside in revenue relative to
your outlook. Can you just talk about what level of incremental margins you would expect to achieve in
that scenario if sales are 5% or 10% above the range that you outlined? How would you expect, given the
supply chain issues, operating leverage to look relative to the starting point of the initial guide?

Mark A. Smith
CFO & VP

Yes. Jerry, I think, typically, we've demonstrated over a long period of time that if it's products that
we're already making and in serial production, then we can get incremental -- and the supply chain is
functioning well, then we can get incremental gross margins in that kind of low 30% range incrementally. I
think we've done that consistently over time. The issue becomes when we get these extreme changes, and
then we need to adjust and supply chain needs to adjust. But yes, if we get more revenue, we can deliver
that efficiently, that's the range of incremental gross margins on current products.

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Okay. Terrific. And then, Tom, in terms of the electrification products that you mentioned. Obviously, you
have strong position on school buses, trans buses today. Can you just talk about, based on the production
plans for the industry that you have visibility on, where do you expect your market share to shake out on
buses versus trucks? Is that something that you could talk about at this point? Or if it's too soon, maybe
you could just talk about platform share. Any way for us to think about would be helpful.

N. Thomas Linebarger
Chairman & CEO

Yes. It's a great question. And of course, we're all interested in this question because I think you know,
our strategy as a supplier to the industry is to maintain leadership irrespective of technology. And we're
investing in the key technologies that we think take us from diesel today through hybrid, through other
fuels, all the way up to low and 0 carbon -- tailpipe carbon technologies. And our intent is to invest in the
technologies and with the customers that we think are going to win. So we end up -- we're leading today,
and we end up leading then, in those new technologies. There's a lot to play for in that, but that's what
we're -- that's our strategy. That's what we're aiming for.

And the challenge now on the BEV, or battery electric vehicle, or even fuel cell technologies is that the --
they're not in the money in trucks. So when you try to put a truck into production or into operation, you're
going to be out of the money at the start. And so they're mostly regulatory driven or some other subsidy
driven, which means that it's not really a straight technology and performance kind of discussion. And so
right now, market share is bouncing all over the place and -- because there's a lot of different players that
can offer a system. That system is unlikely to be competitive long run. And even the systems we offer are
not -- do not return if you compare them to a diesel system today.

So market share is really, really difficult to say right now because the basis of competition is not
technology and performance and cost. It's a whole bunch of other things. But that said, we are intending
to win as many partners and as many products as we can, so we can get, a, practice and learning on the
technology; and b, help customers understand how they might be able to turn these technologies into
winners over time. So we are competing, don't get me wrong, but it's just the basis of competition is not
the normal performance cost trade-off we're used to with diesel.

Operator

Our next question is coming from David Raso of Evercore.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CUMMINS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

My question is on the margins. First, the incremental margins. All in, they're implied only 11%. Obviously,
the lower JV income is the big drag. But even if you exclude the JV income from both years, the implied
incrementals are only 17%. So that's about $150 million to $250 million of higher cost than you would
normally expect, right? Meaning, instead of 17% incremental as you would think 25% to 30%. But when
you said 60 bps, I think, Mark, you mentioned it was 60 bps of a drag expected for the next 2 quarters,
150 to 250, call it 200 midpoint. That's like a full 100 basis points of drag. So can you help us understand
how do we bridge that? Can you talk about some costs that you already know can be quantified?

And then I have a quick question on the JV income related to margins. China, how big of the decline do
you expect from the total company JV income going down about $125 million year-over-year? How much
do you expect that to be from China? Because China was about $215 million last year. I'm just curious
how much of the total $125 million do you think is from the JVs in China declining.

Mark A. Smith
CFO & VP

Okay. Good questions, and your math is all right, David. So that makes it a lot easier for me to answer
your questions. So of the JV income, you need to remember that we had about $54 million of income
in India, which was more onetime in nature, $37 million from the change in the tax legislation, which
reduced our prior accrued withholding taxes on our JV earnings in India. And we also had a fairly large
tech fee in the first quarter of 2020. So there's $50 million, and then the balance is really market decline
in China.

On to your other question ...

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Can I respond to that real quick, though. The China decline, if you went from $215 million all the way
down to, say, $140 million, right? That's accounting for the rest of the total company decline. JV income
in China hasn't been that low in 4, 5 years. And I'm just trying to understand. If you know the declines
coming in the back half is the way you're managing your business, why would the JV income in China fall
that hard? I mean the JV income hasn't been really even at that level and much below it for a decade. So
I'm just trying to square up. Why such a decline in the JV income in China, especially if you're predicting
it's coming?

Mark A. Smith
CFO & VP

Well, we've assumed it's coming. Right now, that's the second half assumption. But it is, it's principally
a volume assumption. Again, there's some incremental cost associated with launching products, but the
primary reason is the volume decline. There's always some other bits and pieces and all the other 54 joint
ventures. But these are the base -- the basic 2 things, David. There's nothing else I'm trying to not share
with you about the numbers.

When we get back to the bigger margin, you're exactly right. Yes, we -- the piece that's missing, which
I've been trying to telegraph to everybody is the $165 million in salary reductions last year. Normally, we
expect to deliver a 20%-plus incremental margins. You're absolutely right. What was abnormal about the
actions we took in 2020 was that salary reduction, which was $165 million. That's really that and the --
yes, our incentive comp will be, if we hit our target slightly higher this year. When you add those, they
take those 2 items alone, take about 100 basis points off the margin. And that's the piece, I think, that is
missing. There's other puts and takes.

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CUMMINS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

So the price cost, to be fair, provides a little bit of risk then. If it's the comp coming back that reduces it
from 25%, 30%, down to 17% for the core business, price costs, I assume then you must not have too
much of a negative price cost in the guide.

Mark A. Smith
CFO & VP

No. We're kind of 0 to 50 positive on those. All right. Thanks. Thanks, David, and thanks everybody else.
Jack, I think we are at the top of the hour.

Jack Kienzler
Executive Director of Investor Relations

Yes. That concludes our teleconference today. As always, thanks to everybody for your continued interest
in Cummins. I will be available for questions after the call.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and
have a wonderful day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CUMMINS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

