Capital One Financial Corporation 

NYSE:COF
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, April 27, 2021 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.74

Revenue  (mm)

6910.50

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-16-2021 11:10 AM GMT

4.04

6994.73

2.60

28058.20

13.00

28567.20

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.02

(1.54)

2.07

2.74

(3.02)

(1.61)

5.05

5.29

NM

NM

143.96 %

93.07 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andrew M. Young
Chief Financial Officer

Jeff Norris
SVP, Global Finance

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO &
President

ANALYSTS

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

Donald James Fandetti
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

John Hecht
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Moshe Ari Orenbuch
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Richard Barry Shane
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Ryan Matthew Nash
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Sanjay Harkishin Sakhrani
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Capital One First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.
[Operator Instructions]

I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Finance. Sir, you may
begin.

Jeff Norris
SVP, Global Finance

Thanks very much, Keith, and welcome, everybody, to Capital One's First Quarter 2021 Earnings
Conference Call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet,
please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there.

In addition to the press release and financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our first
quarter 2021 results. With me today are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer; and Mr. Andrew Young, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer.

Rich and Andrew will walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and the
press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors and click on Quarterly Earnings
Releases.

Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital
One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and
the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does
not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise.

Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-
looking statements. And for more information on those factors, please see the section titled Forward-
Looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factors section in our annual and
quarterly reports accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC.

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Mr. Young. Andrew?

Andrew M. Young
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Jeff, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll start on Slide 3 of tonight's presentation. In the first
quarter, Capital One earned $3.3 billion or $7.03 per diluted common share. Pre-provision earnings
increased 1% in the quarter to $3.4 billion, and we recorded a provision benefit of $823 million. After
recognizing $535 million of gains during 2021 on our Snowflake investment, we had a loss on our position
in the first quarter of $75 million or $0.12 per share. We've now fully exited our position with a cumulative
gain of $460 million.

Turning to Slide 4, I will cover the quarterly allowance moves in more detail. In the first quarter, we
released $1.6 billion of allowance. The release was driven by strong credit performance across all of our
businesses and a more favorable economic outlook that includes the $1.9 trillion stimulus package passed
in March.

Our allowance continues to assume that the relationship between economic metrics and credit
performance reverts to historical patterns. And despite the strong credit performance and more favorable
economic outlook, we continue to hold significant qualitative factors to account for a number of remaining
uncertainties.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

Turning to Slide 5, I'll provide some detail on the allowance coverage by segment. After the impact of the
$1.6 billion allowance release, our coverage levels declined modestly across all segments from the prior
quarter and remain well above pre-pandemic levels.

Our Domestic Card coverage is now 10.5%, down from 10.8% last quarter. Our Branded Card coverage
is 12.1%. Recall that the difference between Branded and Domestic coverage is driven by the law sharing
agreement in our partnership portfolio. Coverage in our Consumer business declined 38 basis points to
3.6%. And coverage in our Commercial Banking business fell 23 basis points to 2%.

Moving to Slide 6, I'll discuss liquidity. You can see our preliminary average liquidity coverage ratio
during the first quarter was 139%, well above the 100% regulatory requirement. Our liquidity reserves
from cash, securities and Federal Home Loan Bank capacity ended the quarter at approximately $151
billion. The $7 billion increase in total liquidity is largely attributable to strong inflows of consumer and
commercial deposits in the last few weeks of the quarter.

Turning to Slide 7, I'll discuss our net interest margin. NIM declined 6 basis points in the linked quarter
due to a 14 basis point headwind from having 2 less days in the quarter as well as a higher mix of cash.
These factors were partially offset by the full quarter effect of deposit pricing actions we took in the fourth
quarter and a modest increase in loan yields.

Lastly, turning to Slide 8, I will cover our capital position. Our Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio was
14.6% at the end of the first quarter, up 90 basis points from the fourth quarter and 260 basis points
higher than a year ago. We continue to estimate that our CET1 capital need is around 11%.

Recall that in January, our Board of Directors authorized a repurchase plan of up to $7.5 billion of the
company's common stock. In the first quarter, we repurchased $400 million of -- $490 million of common
stock at an average price of approximately $114 per share.

Based on the Fed's extension of the trailing 4-quarter average earnings rule, our share repurchase
capacity will be limited to approximately $1.7 billion in the second quarter. The timing and amount of all
future stock repurchase activity will be a function of any regulatory restrictions, stock trading volumes and
our holistic view of our capital position.

With that, I will turn the call over to Rich. Rich?

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, Andrew, and it's great to have you as our CFO. I'll begin on Slide 10 with our credit card business.

Year-over-year, credit card loan balances and revenue declined in the first quarter driven by the continuing
impacts of the pandemic. Purchase volume rebounded compared to the first quarter of 2020. And the
biggest driver of quarterly results was the provision for credit losses, which improved significantly. Credit
card segment results are largely a function of our Domestic Card results and trends, which we show on
Slide 11.

For the third consecutive quarter, the story of our Domestic Card business continues to be 2 sides of the
same coin. Historically, high payment rates amplified by the effects of government stimulus continue
to put pressure on loan balances. And on the flip side, the same factors are driving exceptional credit
performance.

Looking first at growth. We continued to see purchase volume rebound from the sharp declines early in the
pandemic. Domestic Card purchase volume for the first quarter was up 8.4% year-over-year, with growth
accelerating in March. Compared to the first quarter of 2019, purchase volume is up 17%. Most spend
categories are now exceeding the pre-pandemic levels we saw in 2019.

T&E spend is still lagging pre-pandemic levels, but it's catching up. T&E purchase volume is growing faster
than overall purchase volume. The payment rate, which has risen to a historically high level, continues to
put pressure on loan balances, even with the pickup in consumer spending.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

At the end of the first quarter, Domestic Card ending loan balances were down $18.5 billion or about
17% year-over-year. Excluding the impact of a partnership portfolio moved to held-for-sale last year, first
quarter ending loans declined about 15% year-over-year. The year-over-year percentage change in ending
loan balances this quarter was approximately the same as it was last quarter.

Strikingly strong credit was the biggest driver of Domestic Card financial results in the quarter, just as it
has been for the prior 2 quarters. The Domestic Card charge-off rate for the quarter was 2.54%, a 214
basis point improvement year-over-year. The 30-plus delinquency rate at quarter end was 2.24%, 145
basis points better than the prior year.

First quarter provision for credit losses improved by nearly $4 billion year-over-year. We had a large
allowance release in the first quarter of this year versus a large allowance build in the first quarter last
year. Strong credit and purchase volume growth were also key drivers of Domestic Card revenue margin,
which was up 229 basis points year-over-year to 17.2%.

Total company marketing was up modestly compared to the first quarter of 2020. Our choices in card
marketing are the biggest driver of total company marketing trends. In the midst of the pandemic, we're
finding opportunities to continue to build the business, and we continue to lean into marketing. Pulling up,
our Domestic Card business is delivering significant value and building momentum.

Slide 12 summarizes first quarter results for our Consumer Banking business. Auto growth, continued
strength in retail deposits and exceptional auto credit are the main themes in the first quarter Consumer
Banking results. Driven by Auto, first quarter ending loans increased 10% year-over-year in the Consumer
Banking business. Average loans grew 9%. Auto originations were up 16% year-over-year and up 20%
from the linked quarter.

We've seen competitive intensity increase through the second half of 2020 and in the first quarter of 2021.
And with most competitors holding excess deposits, we expect that competitive intensity will continue to
increase going forward. First quarter ending deposits in the Consumer Banking were up $36.4 billion or
17% year-over-year.

Average deposits were up 16%. On a linked-quarter basis, ending deposits were up 2% and average
deposits were flat. Elevated consumer savings rates, fueled by continuing government stimulus, are
driving year-over-year deposit growth. First quarter Consumer Banking revenue increased 22% from the
prior year quarter, driven by growth in auto loans and retail deposits.

First quarter provision for credit losses improved by $986 million year-over-year driven by an allowance
release and lower charge-offs in our Auto business. Credit results in our Auto business are strikingly
strong and continue to benefit from historically high auction values and government stimulus.

Year-over-year, the first quarter charge-off rate improved 104 basis points to 0.47%, and the delinquency
rate improved 217 basis points to 3.12%. A sharp uptick in used car values, coupled with a stimulus
driven surge in customer payments, resulted in a negative net charge-off rate in March. We expect the
auto charge-off rate to increase from its unusually low level as auction prices normalize and stimulus
impact play out. The Consumer Banking business continues to deliver resilient growth in auto loans and
retail deposits.

Moving to Slide 13. I'll discuss our Commercial Banking business. First quarter ending loan balances were
down 9% year-over-year. Average loans were down 3%. In C&I, we've seen a reduction in commercial line
utilization, which peaked early in the pandemic as customers facing elevated uncertainty drew down their
lines. That behavior has since diminished.

In our commercial real estate business, originations were down and pay downs increased compared to the
first quarter of 2020. Quarterly average deposits increased 24% from the first quarter of 2020 and 4%
from the linked quarter as middle market and government customers continued to hold elevated levels of
liquidity.

First quarter revenue was up 4% from the prior year quarter. Higher loan and deposit spreads and growth
in average deposits were partially offset by lower average loan balances. Provision for credit losses

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

improved significantly compared to the first quarter of 2020, driven by a swing from an allowance build to
an allowance release and lower net charge-offs.

For the first quarter, the Commercial Banking annualized charge-off rate was 9 basis points. The criticized
performing loan rate was 9.2%, and the criticized nonperforming loan rate was 0.9%. Our Commercial
Banking business is delivering solid performance as we continue to navigate the pandemic and build our
commercial capabilities.

I'll close tonight with some thoughts on our results and our strategic positioning. Three key themes
are evident in our first quarter results. High payment rates continue to put near-term pressure on loan
balances and revenue growth, particularly in our Domestic Card business. On the flip side, strikingly
strong credit drove a third consecutive quarter of record earnings per share.

And our investments to transform our technology and transform how we work are paying off. Our modern
technology is powering our response to the pandemic and putting us in a strong position for opportunities
that emerge as sweeping digital change transforms banking. Pulling way up, we continue to focus on
the things that create enduring value when delivered and sustained over the long term, continuing to
transform our technology from the ground up, capitalizing on our transformation to drive innovation and
growth, generating positive operating leverage and improving efficiency over time and managing capital
efficiently and effectively, including significant planned capital distribution.

And now we'll be happy to answer your questions. Jeff?

Jeff Norris
SVP, Global Finance
Thank you, Rich. We'll now start the Q&A session. As a courtesy to other investors and analysts who may
wish to ask a question, please limit yourself to 1 question plus a single follow-up. And if you have follow-
up questions after the Q&A session, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Keith,
please start the Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from John Pancari with Evercore ISI.

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I want to see if you could talk a little bit about the loan growth outlook, perhaps maybe a timing of the
inflection, just given as stimulus benefits ultimately abate and payment rates peak? And I want to see
similarly, when you would expect to see that peaking of payment rates or at least some inflection there?

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, John. Good evening. The growth story is -- I'm sure you're mostly focused on card with that
question. So let me turn there. It is really striking that of all the asset classes, one really stands sort of
unique in the industry is the one asset class that shrank since the start of the pandemic, and that's credit
cards. And of course, that's because it is a discretionary spending and borrowing product.

In the current environment, the biggest drivers of card growth are spend and payment behavior and, of
course, the traction that we're getting in the marketplace. Let's just talk about spend for a minute, which
is recovering. In the first quarter, you saw the Domestic Card purchase volume was up at 8.4% year-over-
year. And we're seeing just about every spend category rebounding. And even by the way, on T&E, while
it's down, it's certainly accelerating.

Let's just give you a few stats here. T&E spending at the beginning of the pandemic was down more than
80%. And by December, it was down about 50%. And in March, it was down about 25%. So from a growth
point of view, both the growth of purchase volume and loan growth, there's some strength that we see on
the spending side.

Turning to payment rates, which are, of course, historically high, the government stimulus, how big a
driver is that of what's going on in payment rates? Obviously, consumers have been very conservative as
well, but it's certainly really amplifying the payment rates. And I think, while not a perfect proxy for our
overall Domestic Card results, you can get an idea of what's happening with payment rates in our publicly
disclosed Trust results.

For example, in March, the payment rate in our Master Trust was just under 46%. That's an all-time high
for Capital One and up more than 12 percentage points year-over-year. Now remember that the payment
rate represents the percent of the prior month's ending balance that was paid off. So a 46% payment
rate means that nearly half of our beginning balances in the Trust were paid off in March, which is just
remarkable.

Said another way, all else equal, each percentage point increase in payment rate is a percentage point
decrease in year-over-year growth. Now we need to always remember, and this is a really important point,
the flip side of high payment rates is strikingly strong credit performance, which drives strong profitability
and capital generation.

Now the other big driver of growth is what happens with originations and line increase. And as the
pandemic has played out, we're seeing some attractive origination opportunities. And these opportunities
are enhanced by our technology investments. And so we are continuing to lean into marketing. That's
origination.

We are also gradually increasing credit lines as well. So pulling way up, we are certainly very pleased
with our opportunity to continue to grow our customer franchise. The net growth of outstandings will,
of course, be affected by payment rates. So here is, we're not -- now to your question, John. We're not
predicting the timing of an inflection point. I think we have certainly learned that high payment rates,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

while they slow down growth, are just a really good guide for not only the earnings power of the company,
but just the performance quality of the consumer.

We encourage our customers to pay down whenever they can. We find every opportunity actually to
encourage them and remind them to pay down. So I think there's certainly a good thing going on. What
we're focused on from a growth point of view is, what we can do to drive the underlying franchise, and we
like our opportunities there. And so we're not predicting exact timing of inflection points and things like
that.

What I would leave you with is, we like our opportunity on growing the underlying franchise. And we'll see
how payment rates play out in terms of driving sort of the final kind of outstandings growth number. But
to us, an underlying growth of the franchise and the really strong dynamics that are going on with -- on
the payment side of the business is just a healthy place to be, and we feel really good about that.

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Thanks, Rich, that's helpful. Just 1 quick follow-up on the marketing side. I know you indicated that you're
still continuing to lean in there. The low single-digit growth year-over-year marketing expense was better
than we had expected. Could you just possibly give us a way to think about how much of a lean in that
you're looking at here incrementally as we look at the remainder of the year?

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

Thank you, John. So from a marketing point of view, we -- this, first and foremost, is going to be powered
by what we see on the opportunity to grow originations. Marketing and originations are really something
that's very linked. Of course, outstandings growth is not as closely linked in time or as directly. But -- so
we see good opportunities to grow account originations. And we're investing in marketing consistent with
those opportunities.

In card, we're certainly -- in all our businesses, we're leaning in where we see signs of strength. We also
are continuing and sort of increasingly so to tell our story in terms of the customer experience we're
building, some of the benefits of our -- the technology we're building, and that's part of our story, that
gets reflected in the marketing. And that's something that powers the growth as well. And then we're
continuing to invest in our brand and our national banking strategy. So that's why it kind of pulling way up
with the collective set of opportunities we're seeing, we're continuing to lean into the marketing.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.

Ryan Matthew Nash
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Maybe to ask about capital. So if I look at the 11% target, you have over $10.5 billion of excess. You've
got $3.5 billion of reserves above day 1. And if I look at expectations, I think the market is looking for
almost $10 billion of earnings in the next few quarters.

So have -- I wanted to get a sense for how we should think about capital allocation, timing of the
execution of the $7.5 billion you previously announced? And could we see either upsizing of the current
program into the next year? Or how do we think about the ability to sustain capital returns at these levels?

Andrew M. Young
Chief Financial Officer

Sure, Ryan. I'll take that. This is Andrew. The first thing I would highlight is, as you know, we are still
under the capital preservation rules from the Fed. So in the second quarter, as I mentioned in my
prepared remarks, our repurchase capacity is going to be limited to just under $1.7 billion. And we will
also be limited to our prior dividend.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

And so we recognize that capital distribution is important component of our returns and our current
position and at least the prospects of earnings from here. So how quickly we complete that $7.5 billion
that the Board has already authorized is going to tie back to any unforeseen additional regulatory
restrictions, but also trading volumes in our stock and then just taking a step back and looking holistically
at our capital position. But what I can say is we're excited at the prospect of moving under the SCB
framework in the third quarter. So we'll have more flexibility in our choices looking ahead.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.

Sanjay Harkishin Sakhrani
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Rich, you mentioned the strikingly strong credit backdrop. I'm just curious using your analogy of sort of
burrowing through the mountain sort of do you think we'd get through to the other side with this round of
stimulus? And maybe I'll just ask my follow-up now. Andrew, maybe you could just give us some sense of
how the NIM projects for the rest of the year, understanding there's different puts and takes, maybe you
could just walk us through your sort of baseline assumption?

Andrew M. Young
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, Sanjay. So I think the main factor, particularly in the near term, with NIM is going to depend on how
the pandemic impacts our balance sheet. Most notably what you've seen over the last few quarters in
terms of asset mix and deposit balances and our cash position, I think those are the things that are mostly
going to have the impact for the next few quarters.

I think over the longer term, I'd expect our cash position and the size of the investment portfolio to
come back down to more normal levels, I'll call it, and be a tailwind to NIM, all else equal. But it's,
again, important to know that the uncertainty of what we're seeing in deposit volumes and the impact of
payment rates, as Rich said, on loan growth, those are all factors that are going to create some variability
and uncertainty in NIM in the near term.

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

And Sanjay, with respect to your credit question and the burrowing through the mountain metaphor, let
me just kind of pull up and give thoughts about what's going on with credit. The U.S. consumer continues
to demonstrate striking resilience. And consumers went into this downturn with like twice the savings rate
that they had before the Great Recession, lower payment obligations and none of the structural issues
they faced a decade ago with the housing sector.

And because everything sort of went into vertical drop at once as the pandemic began, they certainly
reacted strongly and rationally. And launched this trilogy of behaviors of spending less, saving more
and paying down debt. And then, of course, a year into the pandemic, direct government support to
consumers, including enhanced unemployment benefits remain in place. And in fact, last month, in March,
was the single largest month of direct government payments to consumers in dollar terms since the
pandemic began.

The consumer savings rate was 17% in the first 2 months of 2021, more than double what we saw before
the pandemic and something like 5x what it was in the years before the Great Recession. And then we also
have the forbearance factor. Although forbearance is winding down in card and auto, it is still relatively
widespread for student loans and mortgages. And as we've said before, the benefits of some of these
effects like higher savings are probably cumulative to some extent, improving consumer balance sheets in
ways that could lead to some sustained credit benefits.

And now to the metaphor that I know I use all the time. Every month that the consumer remains healthy,
we're burrowing a longer tunnel underneath the mountain of still high unemployment, and we're reducing
the cumulative losses through this downturn rather than just delaying the impacts. Now we should all keep
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

in mind a few things here. There remains a great deal of uncertainty. As you know, COVID cases remain
elevated, new variants continue to emerge. And while the U.S. has been moving in a pretty good direction,
of course, a lot of the world is moving in the other direction with respect to COVID.

The economy, while improving still has a lot of strain elements in it. And so that we still look at this just
extraordinary kind of paradox of the separation of some of what happened to the economy and what
happened to consumer credit. But we should all keep in mind the uncertainty that still remains out there.

And then there's one other point that I'd just like to put on the table here. In the spirit of pattern
recognition, I do want to flag that this period of unusually strong credit could lay the groundwork for
credit worsening down the road as an industry point. And let me elaborate on that just for a moment
here. Reliance on consumer credit characteristics that may be more temporary driven by things like
stimulus and forbearance can be a real challenge for credit modeling. And the benign rearview mirror
could encourage lenders to reach for growth and to loosen underwriting standards, which, as you know,
can invite adverse selection.

And then overlay on top of that, the excess liquidity and capital that's out there, and that could push
lenders to stretch for less resilient business. So what we have here is a pretty benign period where we are
right now. We're also watching the physics of how markets, not only economic markets, but how credit
markets work. And so what we're doing at Capital One is leaning into the opportunities that we have. But
by having a view of how the physics of some of these things work, we're very much watching out for that
in all the choices that we make.

And it's, again, another reason why we're focusing, as always, on making sure that we book resilient
business. So pulling way up, we're not ready to predict that the tunnel comes out just all the way across
the mountain, and we are talking about some topography that can exist out there longer run as a
consequence of some of the physics of how the current situation lasts. But those are some thoughts on
the credit environment, Sanjay.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo.

Donald James Fandetti
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Rich, can you talk a little bit about where you're seeing on used car values in April? We've heard from
some competitors that cars are barely on the lot for a day. And then what is your strategy on loan growth?
Because competition obviously is picking up across the board, yet the returns are still very attractive. How
are you thinking about that business?

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

So the -- Don, the used car prices are pretty electrifying here. Auction prices ended the quarter at all-time
highs, driven by strong demand and persistent constraints on new vehicle supply. And over time, we still
expect auction prices to normalize as these vehicle supply constraints work themselves out.

But the time horizon for normalization has expanded, given the strong recovery of demand and the
continuing stress on global supply chain. So for example, microprocessor shortages have held back new
vehicle production for some time. The first quarter saw disruptions due to winter weather events. And
that impacted petrochemical supplies used for parts. And then most recently, rubber shortages have
manifested themselves. So the supply shortage, there are signs of it everywhere.

And for example, we see rental car companies are normally a source of use vehicle supply. But they have
very lean fleets at the moment with little excess to sell. So we still expect auction prices to normalize over
time.

And a very important thing is in our underwriting, we make conservative assumptions with faster
normalization. Now with that, very unusual context there and again, my view is that, we cannot

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

underwrite under an assumption that we're going to get the benefit of those things. It's certainly
something we're enjoying on our portfolio. But as we always do and particularly at this point, we need to
look past that in our underwriting, and that's certainly what we're doing.

With respect to growth, industry retail auto sales were strong in the first quarter and especially in March.
And in addition to tax refund seasonality, I'm sure payments -- stimulus payments likely really helped
strong sales, both in the new and the used vehicle segments. So at Capital One over the course of the
pandemic, we actually have -- we tightened up in certain segments, especially early on. But we are still
probably net tighter than we were at the outset. We're watching things closely.

But we have benefited by the tide rising for everyone in the industry. Certainly, it's been a very
exceptional time. But also on top of that, our investments in industry-leading technology products have
allowed us to maintain very strong relationships with dealers during these uncertain times and generate
the ability to have less in-person, face-to-face interaction during the pandemic has also really helped lift
the digital products and the digital capabilities that we have both for customers and for dealers.

So we have found on top of the rising tide maybe a little bit of extra boost at Capital One. But I've also
said that even more so than the card business, the auto business is hypersensitive to sort of the level of
competition, and that's because a dealer sits there and holds an auction in ways that doesn't happen in a
direct-to-consumer business like card.

So it's not lost on us that the tide rising everywhere in auto has caused quite a buoyancy in the auto
business. So what we're going to do is continue to lean into the opportunities at that moment. But again,
to use my physics term again, really keep a watchful eye on the physics of how the markets work and be
looking for some of those things that can come on the side of excessive competition as well as over time,
a breaking of the extraordinary things going on, a normalization of the used car prices.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Rick Shane, JPMorgan.

Richard Barry Shane
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

When we look at the noninterest income, particularly in the Domestic Card business, it seems to be
decoupling and outperforming the increase in spend. I am curious how much of that is being driven by
some sort of release of suppressed fees or how we should be thinking about catalysts for that?

Andrew M. Young
Chief Financial Officer

Rick, it's Andrew. The suppression is actually flowing through net interest income. So that's not driving
it. I think the biggest driver, if you're looking at it on a margin basis is, we are seeing spend volume
and interchange spend growing at a faster rate than loans. So that's providing a little bit of a tailwind to
noninterest income as it relates to overall revenue margin in card.

Richard Barry Shane
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. Great. That -- I think that helps. But if we look at the year-over-year increase in spend and we
look at the year-over-year increase in noninterest income, there's still a pretty significant gap. One of
the things that's always a little bit hard to figure out with Capital One is where some of the rewards run
through. Is it a function potentially of lower rewards rates, given what's going on in the market? Or is
there something else as well?

Andrew M. Young
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. I don't think there's a big story there with respect to rewards or interchange, Rick.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

We'll take our next question from Moshe Orenbuch with Crédit Suisse.

Moshe Ari Orenbuch
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Rich, I was hoping to go back to the competitive dynamic and maybe a little less from a credit standpoint,
but you guys have taken some actions recently with respect to your T&E products. Just talk a little bit
about the rewards environment at your high-end consumers. And then maybe the things that you did
discuss with respect to kind of concerns about the competitive environment. And what it -- kind of how it
informs your credit line increase side of the business.

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

Okay. Moshe, great questions there. Let's kind of pull up and talk about card competition. Competition
can show up in a variety of ways, including the marketing intensity, the product offers, including there
the upfront bonuses, enhanced rewards, pricing and other things. Competitive intensity is back to its high
levels, particularly as you point to Moshe, in the rewards space at the higher end, the heavy spender end.

So let's talk about marketing. Marketing and media spend, obviously, dropped dramatically in the second
quarter. And since then, activity has steadily increased. We get our data on a bit of a lag basis, but I feel
it's very likely that marketing levels are now at or above pre-pandemic levels.

The rewards offerings remain intense. And let's talk about some of the elements of that. Upfront bonuses,
have actually been relatively stable with some modest increases, mainly in the travel space and likely in
anticipation of returning demand. We -- as for rewards earned on spend, we've seen additional categories
like groceries and restaurants qualify for enhanced rewards over the past year. And while these shifts have
slowed down, reward levels overall remain high.

And we've even seen a couple of -- a few competitors talk about still planning to be tinkering with their
rewards here. So I think it's a very natural thing that's happened with spending having been weighed
down and also some of the things, Moshe, that are naturally rewarded are not the activities people tend to
be doing that much of right now. There's been somewhat of a mix change, and I think a forward lean by
the industry on this.

So I think it's -- the things that I've said so often about the card business these days, I think it's a very
competitive industry, but there's a rationality to it that I am pretty struck by and one that I would not use
some of those terms to describe some of the other markets that we're in.

So what are we doing? We are continuing to look at our opportunities, lean into where we have
opportunities. I think we feel good with the general structure, the rewards products we have. But we do
know that competition is high, and it's probably going to be increasing. We ourselves are going to lean into
marketing.

And -- but I don't necessarily see some sort of dramatic changes in the structure of offers out there to
change to us the attractiveness of this. Part of the thing is most of us operate on a relatively thin net
margin because while interchange rates are high, we are passing most of the interchange rates on to
consumers in the form of really attractive deals. So pulling way up, we continue to like our opportunities.
We have a lot of years of experience with the high level of intensity, and I think we should probably
prepare for that.

Moshe Ari Orenbuch
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

And then on the other side of the equation, the credit line increases?

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

Yes, yes. Sorry, Moshe. Yes. So as you know, gosh, think about the number of years, we talked about even
before the pandemic probably for 18 months, maybe Moshe, we were talking about kind of pulling back on
lines when the -- we were -- the recovery was so long in the tooth. And we saw some of the things going
on in the marketplace.

So we took a pretty conservative policy with lines. And then during the pandemic, we took a particularly
conservative strategy with lines. And so that contains some potential energy. As we've always talked
about, it turns into kinetic energy, when, of course, we grant the line increases, and there is more
opportunity for people to spend.

And the opening of lines has been something we've been doing over the last number of months. It's
been kind of invisible with to the outside world in terms of growth because it's getting washed over by
the extraordinary payment rates. But we continue to see an opportunity to open up some of the lines
gradually.

And Moshe, I think that represents an extra part of growth opportunity. We're not doing anything really
dramatic, but it's just part of the gradual leaning into the opportunity with what we're seeing with the
performance of our customers.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

I'll ask my questions upfront on efficiency. Rich, can you give us an update on how you're thinking
about the strategic significance of your physical branch footprint? Is there any room for further branch
optimization either to fund further investments in the digitization of the business or simply extract greater
efficiencies? And then also, if you could give us an update on the cloud migration, that would be great.

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

Okay, Bill, so let me start with the branches. As you know, Capital One has, over the years, sort of
leaned into the closing of branches in conjunction with our building of our more national banking business
and also all the digital investments we were making because we spent so much energy on creating an
experience that doesn't need to have a branch on every corner.

And we've been pleased with our strategy so far. But there's -- we don't -- I think that there's more of
a continuation of where we are. I think we're in -- continuing to lean into the same strategy we've had
for quite a period of time there. So I wouldn't look at our network and say, "Wow, there's a huge kind of
potential to unleash there." We've just been gradually making our choices and continuing to develop our
digital opportunities, watching customer behavior and then just continue down the same path.

With respect to our cloud strategy, as you know, we completely exited data centers last year. So we are
100% in the cloud. And we are enjoying the benefits of being in the public cloud, the hassle free access
to infrastructure, the ability to ride the incredible wave of innovation that's happening on the cloud, both
from the cloud providers as well as from the rest of the world software companies that are building on the
cloud. We -- so this is something we've been many years in the making. And we're happy to be all in on
the cloud.

But it doesn't mean our journey is done on the cloud. We find as we get there -- there's the opportunity
to build many more capabilities, the opportunity to really enhance resilience, operating resilience, failover
capabilities, efficiency, the ability to over time move. Basically, one of the real benefits of the cloud is the
ability to abstract the developers from being burdened with the details of the infrastructure that they're
operating on. And the cloud itself is an abstractor of that -- the infrastructure work for a developer.

But within, if you just look at what's happening to cloud, the continuing migration sort of abstracting up
the tech stack and where cloud has gone with containers and now where it's going with serverless, just

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

continues to liberate developers so that they can focus on doing what they came to do which is to create
great things and ship products.

Now all of that doesn't happen automatically. Companies have to continue to stay on the forefront. So
Capital One is continuing to invest in the serverless side of the business. For example, as we continue to
move the level of abstraction up the stack and create more opportunity for the software to be developed
faster, more effectively and safer.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I had a couple of questions. One, just Rich, in thinking about the marketing investment spend and also
the opportunity to pick up some new customers, I just wanted to understand the kind of time frame that
you think you'll be getting that return on investment relative to maybe pre-COVID? And I'm wondering if
it might be a longer time frame to get that return on investment given the stimuluses in people's pockets
right now? Or could it be the same because the target market you're going after is not a stimulus receiver.
Just trying to think about how that's going to happen.

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

Well, the first thing to think about marketing always is that marketing while it can influence balance levels,
marketing is really about growth of the franchise, growth of accounts and building brand and those kind of
things. So I think a way to think about the pandemic is that it took a company like Capital One in our Card
business and just set us back like 15% behind the starting line.

And that's a pretty jarring thing to happen in our flagship business and our very successful and profitable
business. But this whole payment phenomenon essentially did that. Now in that context, as we start
farther behind the starting line. As we look at the opportunity to grow accounts, the opportunity to build
the franchise, the opportunity to get out there with some of our really great digital products and things
like this, the ability to -- and of course, on the banking side, the ability to grow the national bank, that is
still very -- that opportunity is still very much there. And isn't really -- it isn't really that changed by the
pandemic.

Now on the outstanding side, you, first of all, have the paydown story. So that definitely is pushing us and
others farther back, all other things being equal. There's sort of the issue for how much credit demand
there is that we'll see from folks. We certainly have the spend weakness on the travel side of the business
as well.

So I think that we feel the effectiveness of our marketing and building the franchise is very much like it
was before. The outstandings metrics of the company started farther behind, and they have headwinds
to them. But since we've always talked about if payment rates stay high, we're going to have to live with
all the great credit performance that we have and the earnings and the ability to distribute capital so the
benefits come in a different way.

But the -- we are very focused on continuing to build the franchise. And I think Capital One is in a similar
position to do that, as we were pre-pandemic, in many ways, maybe even a little bit better position
because we're farther along on our tech transformation.

Operator

We'll take our final question this evening from John Hecht with Jefferies.

John Hecht
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

Thanks for fitting me in here. We've talked about competition quite a bit on this call, but maybe an
extension to that. I guess, how does the calculus of competition change with all these neo banks and other
kind of digital product platforms competing for first-time customers. Does it change anything with respect
to the opportunity set?

Richard D. Fairbank
Founder, Chairman, CEO & President

John, let's talk about that from a couple of perspectives. First of all, as I often say, Capital One was one
of the original fintechs before anybody used that word. So I think fintechs here, particularly near and
dear to my heart, and I watch with tremendous interest the growth of fintechs, some of the really clever
innovation they're coming up with.

We should all know, of course, that all of these fintechs are born in the cloud. They're starting with
modern technology. And that already gives them a bunch of advantages relative to a lot of banks. I think
Capital One being in the cloud, I think, is in a sort of much better position competitively relative to that.

What we should all savor about the fintechs is the modern tech platform they have, and that's -- it's
always -- and I think those advantages are larger nowadays than they were in the past because the
difference between being built on a modern tech stack versus not is just a greater advantage and
something that's motivated us to do very big tech transformation, as you know.

So the -- and the fintechs journey is not just sort of used some clever technology. They're also very much
positioning themselves to take advantage of some of the opportunities to gather more data, different data
than typically gathered and to leverage it in real time. So there's some bunch of impressive things there.

When we look at the fintechs, we are both generally impressed. We think that they do represent threats
to the business. But to us, I think they are very much also just good examples of the kind of innovation
that's possible and the kind of innovation that companies like Capital One, who are in the cloud with -- on
a modern tech stack, the kind of things that we can do as well. So we look at it from that perspective, and
we fire -- we're worrying and inspiring at the same time.

Then you have the lending side of business. I want to make a special comment about lending. Half an hour
ago, I put a caution note out there that we've got a -- that I worry about wherein the marketplace lending
goes from here with people building models that are looking at a recession that was very, very unusual
with sort of spectacular credit. And I worry particularly about fintechs who are not that experienced and
some of the credit choices they can do and the impact on our marketplace.

So I think the fintechs -- and you can see in the commentary by banks, I think banks are becoming a lot
more sort of realizing the scale, the growth -- the collective size of the growth rate and the innovation that
the fintechs are bringing, and they're going to be a force to reckon with. And to us, they are a continued
impetus that we've got to lean forward. We've got to continue on our tech transformation. And we need to
lead the way ourselves with innovation.

Jeff Norris
SVP, Global Finance

Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us on the conference call this evening, and thanks for your interest
in Capital One. And as a reminder, the Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer any
further questions you might have. Have a great night, everybody.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. We appreciate your participation. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

