Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. 
NYSE:CRL
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, November 03, 2021 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.58

2.70

4.65

2.57

10.25

11.51

Revenue  (mm)

902.15

895.94

(0.69 %)

921.42

3553.17

3960.04

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-03-2021 3:58 AM GMT

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.11

2.19

2.38

2.58

2.39

2.53

2.61

2.70

13.27 %

15.53 %

9.66 %

4.65 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03,
2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

David Ross Smith
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

James C. Foster
Chairman, CEO & President

Todd Spencer
Corporate Vice President of
Investor Relations

ANALYSTS

David Howard Windley
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Derik De Bruin
BofA Securities, Research Division

Elizabeth Hammell Anderson
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Eric White Coldwell
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

John Charles Kreger
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

John Newton Sourbeer
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Patrick Bernard Donnelly
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Tejas Rajeev Savant
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03,
2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Third
Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference
is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to turn the conference over to your speaker for today, Todd Spencer, Vice President,
Investor Relations. You may begin.

Todd Spencer
Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Charles River Laboratories Third Quarter 2021 Earnings
Conference Call and Webcast.

This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and David Smith, Executive
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will comment on our results for the third quarter of 2021.
Following the presentation, they will respond to questions.

There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which is posted on the Investor
Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A webcast replay of this call will be available beginning
approximately 2 hours after the call today and can also be accessed on our Investor Relations website.
The replay will be available through next quarter's conference call.

I'd like to remind you of our safe harbor. All remarks that we make about future expectations, plans and
prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated.

During the call, we will primarily discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe help investors
gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and guidance. The non-GAAP financial
measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in
accordance with GAAP.

In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations on the
Investor Relations section of our website.

I will now turn the call over to Jim Foster.

James C. Foster
Chairman, CEO & President

Good morning. Our strong third quarter results demonstrate the effectiveness of our strategy and the
progress we've made on its execution as well as the sustained strength of the industry fundamentals. As
anticipated, third quarter revenue increased at a low teens rate organically, and we reported mid-teens
earnings per share growth.

We believe that Charles River is a stronger company today than it has ever been. We have seen
unprecedented demand across most of our businesses and we believe that this, coupled with the strength
of our leading nonclinical portfolio, will enable us to achieve our low double-digit organic revenue growth
target over the longer term as well as in 2022.

As a result, we are continuing to invest to add people and capacity to accommodate growing client
demand and to build a scalable operating model; to enhance our scientifically distinguished portfolio;
to strengthen our relationship with clients and to work with them to devise outsourcing solutions, which
enable them to increase productivity and speed to market.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03,
2021

We have maintained our focus on nonclinical drug research and manufacturing solutions, strategically
expanding our portfolio to provide clients with the critical capabilities they require to discover, develop and
safely manufacture new drugs.

Last month, we divested our RMS operations in Japan and our CDMO site in Sweden for a total of
approximately $115 million plus potential contingent payments of up to an additional $25 million.
We routinely evaluate the strategic fit and fundamental performance of our global infrastructure for
acquisitions and legacy sites alike and have sold or closed operations that didn't meet our key business
criteria or may have been underperforming financially. The decision to divest these 2 operations was
consistent with our evaluation process, and we intend to redeploy the capital in other growth areas of our
business.

Moving to the third quarter. Highlights of our financial performance are as follows. We reported revenue
of $895.9 million in the third quarter of '21, a 20.5% increase over last year. Organic revenue growth was
13.6% with each of our business segments contributing a strong performance. Last year's COVID impact
resulted in a modest 170 basis point increase to organic revenue growth.

From a client perspective, biotechs continued to drive revenue growth with global biopharmaceutical
clients also making solid contributions to the quarter.

Third quarter reported revenue growth was affected by a $10 million foreign exchange headwind
compared to our prior outlook. Notwithstanding the FX impact, we continue to see strong sustained client
demand across most of our businesses with trends largely consistent with the first 2 quarters of this year.

The operating margin was 21.4%, a decrease of 130 basis points year-over-year. As anticipated,
the decline was primarily driven by the comparison to the strong third quarter of last year, which
benefited from COVID cost controls, as well as the impact of the Cognate and Vigene acquisitions on the
Manufacturing segment's operating margin.

With an operating margin of 21% through the first 9 months of the year, we are squarely on track to
achieve our goal of approximately 21% for 2021, which represents a 100 basis point increase over the
prior year. This also demonstrates our commitment to driving efficiency and achieving our longer-term
margin target of 22.5% in 2024.

Earnings per share were $2.40 (sic) [ $2.70 ] in the third quarter, an increase of 15.9% from $2.33 in the
third quarter of last year. This result was favorable to our prior outlook due in large part to a lower-than-
expected tax rate. David will provide some additional details on the tax rate shortly.

With the sustained strength of the demand environment, our revised financial guidance for '21 reflects
3 primary factors: unfavorable movements in foreign exchange, a lower tax rate and the divestitures.
Reported revenue growth was lowered by approximately 150 basis points at midpoint to a range of 19.5%
to 20.5% to primarily reflect current FX rates as well as the impact of these RMS Japan and CDMO Sweden
divestitures.

We have narrowed our organic revenue growth outlook to 13.5% to 14.5% with approximately 275 basis
points of this increase generated by the comparison to last year's COVID-19 impact. Normalized organic
growth is expected to be squarely in the low double-digit range this year, and that is consistent with our
targeted growth rate next year as well.

We also narrowed non-GAAP earnings per share guidance to a range of $10.20 to $10.30, which
represents just over 25% year-over-year growth. We are pleased to have maintained our EPS growth
within the previous range even after absorbing the impact of the divestitures.

I'd like to provide you with details on the third quarter segment performance, beginning with the DSA
segment. DSA revenue in the third quarter was $531.8 million, a 13% increase on an organic basis with
strength in Safety Assessment, including lab sciences and bioanalytical services and Discovery Services.

Demand for our services and price increases are driving low double-digit organic growth in the DSA
segment, which is a trend that we expect to continue into next year. Biotech clients are leveraging our

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03,
2021

expertise rather than investing in internal capabilities. And global biopharmaceutical clients are choosing
to partner with us because it's more efficient to leverage our flexible infrastructure instead of maintaining
or expanding their own.

We believe we have become the principal partner of choice for biotech clients of all sizes. Demand for our
services is high because the sustained level of biotech funding is enabling clients to meaningfully invest in
early-stage research at an accelerated pace and because they don't have the internal capabilities to do the
type of work that we perform for them.

To meet our clients' growing needs, we have focused our business on unmatched scientific expertise; rapid
turnaround times; flexible, creative solutions; and the ability to accommodate the increasing complexity of
our clients' research programs.

The Safety Assessment business continued to perform very well in the third quarter, and bookings and
proposal volume continued to track at record levels. As we have mentioned throughout the year, clients
are choosing to book their safety assessment studies further in advance, which enhances their ability to
start working with us as soon as their molecules are ready. These early bookings, which now extend well
into 2022, translate into greater visibility and a stronger book of business for us.

The strong demand for our services requires us to closely manage the current workload by adding staff,
capacity and other necessary resources while managing the continual shifts in client time lines and study
protocols that are associated with booking work further out. Because of our client-focused business
approach, we believe we can balance their priorities and our capabilities effectively, making Charles River
an even more indispensable research partner to clients, both large and small.

We are also making progress on our goals to continually improve our connectivity with clients, including
through digital enhancements, as we strive to take an additional year out of our clients' drug development
time lines.

The Discovery business had a strong year driven by our comprehensive portfolio of oncology, CNS,
early discovery and antibody discovery capabilities. Biotech clients continue to choose to invest in their
pipelines instead of infrastructure and utilize our integrated services to move their programs forward.
Global biopharmaceutical companies are continuing to increase their reliance on outsourcing strategies for
their discovery programs because they prefer to leverage our cutting-edge and industrialized discovery
capabilities and flexible solutions to create a more efficient R&D model.

We are pleased to be working with both biotech and global biopharma clients, partnering with them to
discover, develop and bring critical therapies to patients who need them.

To support the robust demand from these clients, we will continue to strengthen our portfolio by
expanding our scale, our science and our innovative technologies through a combination of internal
investment, M&A and our strategic partnership strategy. By doing so, we are enabling our clients to remain
with one scientific partner from target identification through IND filing and beyond and solidifying our
position as the leading nonclinical CRO.

The DSA operating margin decreased by 90 basis points to 24.3% in the third quarter, but increased
sequentially. The year-over-year decline was due to foreign exchange, which reduced the DSA operating
margin by approximately 70 basis points; and a Discovery milestone payment, which contributed 50 basis
points to last year's DSA operating margin.

RMS revenue was $171.3 million, an increase of 10.7% on an organic basis over the third quarter of 2020
with approximately 200 basis points of the increase attributable to the comparison to last year's COVID-
related revenue impact.

The RMS performance largely reflects the trends that we have experienced all year: robust demand for
research models, particularly in China; broad-based growth across Research Model Services, partially
offset by continued headwinds for the cell supply business.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03,
2021

The Research Model business continued to experience strong double-digit growth in China as well as solid
performance in North America, which we believe correlates with the increased level of nonclinical research
activity that's being conducted by biopharmaceutical and academic clients. We believe the global focus on
scientific innovation is sustainable and will continue to drive client demand.

However, the biopharmaceutical market in Japan has not participated in this trend. As a result, we chose
to divest our RMS operations in Japan with an opportunistic sale to The Jackson Laboratory. We have
established a licensing agreement under which JAX will produce and distribute our models in Japan.

Research Model Services performed very well. GEMS is benefiting from strong outsourcing demand as
our clients seek the greater flexibility and efficiency they gain when we manage their proprietary model
-- colonies. The greater complexity of scientific research and the proprietary models that our clients are
creating further reinforce the value proposition for the GEMS business.

Our clients' need for greater flexibility and efficiency is also driving demand for our Insourcing Solutions
or IS business, particularly our CRADL initiative, which provides both small and large biopharmaceutical
clients with turnkey research capacity at Charles River sites.

Last month, we announced the expansion of our CRADL footprint in the Boston/Cambridge biohub and
we'll continue to expand in other regions, including our South San Francisco -- in South San Francisco
to provide a flexible capacity solution for our clients globally. Utilizing CRADL also provides clients with
collaborative opportunities to seamlessly access other Charles River services, which further enhances the
speed and efficiency of their research programs.

The cell supply business, which consists of HemaCare and Cellero, continues to be affected by limitations
on donor availability as it has not fully recovered from last year's COVID-related restrictions. We have
implemented several improvement initiatives, including expansion of donor capacity across multiple sites,
productivity initiatives and enhancing the digital engagement with donors. We anticipate that revenue will
improve in the coming quarters because the robust demand in the cell therapy market sector remains
firmly intact.

The RMS operating margin decreased by 160 basis points year-over-year to 26.1%, primarily due to the
cell supply business. Like many of our businesses, cell suppliers leveraged to sales volume, so we expect
profitability will meaningfully improve once donor availability and the growth rate rebound.

Revenue for the Manufacturing segment was $192.9 million, a 19.1% increase on an organic basis over
the third quarter of last year. The increase was primarily driven by continued strong double-digit revenue
growth in both the Biologics Testing Solutions and Microbial Solutions businesses as well as approximately
350 basis points attributable to the comparison to last year's COVID-related revenue impact. Microbial
Solutions growth rate in the third quarter remained well above 10%, reflecting strong demand across our
portfolio of critical quality control testing solutions.

We were pleased with the strength of the underlying demand for our endotoxin testing systems and
cartridges, which perform FDA-mandated lot release testing on injectable drugs and medical devices. The
advantages of our comprehensive portfolio continue to resonate with our clients, and we believe that our
ability to provide a total microbial testing solution will enable Microbial Solutions to deliver at least low
double-digit organic revenue growth for this year and beyond.

The Biologics Testing business reported another exceptional quarter of strong double-digit revenue growth.
Robust demand for cell and gene therapy testing services continued to be the primary growth drivers,
with COVID-19 vaccines and traditional biologics also being meaningful contributors. We believe cell
and gene therapies will continue to be significant growth drivers over the longer term to support our
20% growth target for this business. The strength of the demand for these services necessitates that we
continue to build our extensive portfolio of manufacturing services to ensure we have available capacity to
accommodate client demand.

The third quarter marks the first full quarter that Cognate and Vigene were part of Charles River. As
anticipated, when we acquired Cognate, a large COVID-related project was completed in the second
quarter and we are actively adding new projects in its place.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03,
2021

We continue to make great progress on the integrations and believe our cell and gene therapy CDMO
business will be highly complementary to our Biologics business and our portfolio as a whole. We also
believe that we now have a comprehensive cell and gene therapy portfolio, which spans each of the major
CDMO platforms: gene-modified cell therapy, viral vector and plasmid DNA production. Our goal is to
enable clients to conduct analytical testing, process development and manufacturing for these advanced
drug modalities with the same scientific partner, allowing them to achieve their goal of driving greater
efficiency and accelerating their speed to market.

As mentioned earlier, the decision to divest our CDMO site in Sweden was based on several factors. First,
its capabilities, including plasmid DNA, were already duplicated at other CDMO sites in the U.K. and U.S.
Second, we determined it would be advantageous to invest in and expand capacity at our other CDMO
hubs that are more centrally located and proximate to clients. And finally, this was our smallest and least
profitable CDMO site.

This divestiture does not reflect any changes in client demand or the cell and gene therapy CDMO sector
as we firmly believe the growth profile for this business remains at or above 25% over the longer term.

The Manufacturing segment's third quarter operating margin declined by 640 basis points to 32.7%. The
primary driver of the decline was the inclusion of both Cognate and Vigene for the full quarter. These
businesses are profitable, but their margin is below the overall Manufacturing segment.

As noted last quarter, we continue to expect the full year Manufacturing margin will be slightly below
the mid-30% range, reflecting the addition of the CDMO business. However, beyond 2021, we expect
this headwind to gradually dissipate as we drive efficiency and as the significant growth we anticipate
generates greater economies of scale and optimizes throughput at our CDMO sites.

We are operating in a robust business environment with excellent growth potential. Biotech funding in
2021 is continuing to track at or above the robust pre-COVID levels. The sustained funding environment
both from the capital markets and the biopharmaceutical industry and the biotech industry's cash reserves
are enabling an accelerated pace of scientific innovation. Clients, both large and small, view us as their
partner of choice from concept to nonclinical development, to the safe manufacture of their life-saving
therapeutics.

To continue to successfully execute our strategy to maintain and enhance Charles River's position as
the leading nonclinical CRO and accommodate our clients' growth needs, it's essential that we continue
to make investments in our scientific capabilities through M&A, technology partnerships and internal
development; enhance our digital enterprise to provide real-time access to critical data for both internal
and client use; and also to expand our capacity and staff.

Demand for our services in the current market environment has outpaced our expectations, and we have
been hiring ahead of our initial plan this year to accommodate this growth. We have hired 4,000 talented
people this year to both support growth and offset attrition and plan to hire an additional 1,000 people in
the fourth quarter. We believe we attract qualified employees because of our mission and the critical work
that we do to help our clients develop life-saving therapies distinguishes us from other companies.

For a business like Charles River, staffing is a consistent challenge on which we have placed a
disproportionate focus. We believe we are effectively managing staffing levels, including increased costs,
and we will continue to be thoughtful with respect to compensation heading into 2022 as we strive to
maintain or reduce turnover and remain competitive in the marketplace. It will be a headwind, but one
that will help us to support the robust client demand and achieve our low double-digit organic growth
target that we expect in 2022.

By focusing intently on our strategy, we have become a trusted scientific partner for pharmaceutical
and biotechnology companies, academic institutions and government and nongovernment organizations
worldwide. We have demonstrated the value we can provide to clients and believe that is why they have
trusted us to work on more than 80% of the drugs approved by the FDA over the last 3 years. We believe
that our steady focus on our strategy to continue to enhance our portfolio will enable us to continue to
achieve our long-term financial targets and deliver greater value to shareholders.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03,
2021

In conclusion, I'd like to thank our clients and shareholders for their support and our employees for their
exceptional work and commitment.

I'll now ask David to give you additional details on our third quarter results and updated 2021 guidance.

David Ross Smith
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I begin, may I remind you that I'll be speaking primarily
to non-GAAP results, which exclude amortization and other transaction-related charges, costs related
primarily to our global efficiency initiatives, our venture capital and other strategic investment
performance and certain other items. Many of my comments will also refer to organic revenue growth,
which excludes the impact of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign currency translation.

We are pleased with our strong results for the third quarter, which included 13.6% organic revenue growth
and a 15.9% increase in earnings per share. Operating margin for the third quarter was 21.4%. While
lower than the prior year as anticipated, it represented a 60 basis point sequential increase and was in line
with our full year target of approximately 21%.

In addition to the COVID cost controls last year and the CDMO acquisition this year that Jim mentioned,
the third quarter operating margin was also lower than last year's robust 22.7% level because of our
foreign exchange headwind and last year's Discovery milestone payment. Although cost inflation and
supply chain pressures have made headlines recently, we believe we are effectively managing the tighter
labor market and our supply chain, and higher costs in these areas have been reflected in our updated
guidance.

Lower unallocated corporate costs contributed to the third quarter operating margin, coming in at 5% of
revenue or $45 million compared to 5.5% of revenue last year. Corporate costs are nonlinear, fluctuating
from quarter to quarter due to several factors, including health and fringe-related costs and performance-
based compensation.

Despite the third quarter favorability, we continue to expect unallocated corporate costs in the mid-5%
range as a percentage of revenue for the full year.

The third quarter non-GAAP tax rate was 17%, representing a 490 basis point decrease from 21.9% in
the third quarter of last year. The lower tax rate was due primarily to 2 factors: discrete tax benefits
associated with R&D tax credits and a favorable excess tax benefit related to stock-based compensation
associated with the higher stock price.

These benefits will also result in a reduction of our full year non-GAAP tax rate to a range of 18% to 19%
from our prior outlook of 19.5% to 20.5%.

Total adjusted net interest expense in the third quarter was $20.7 million, an increase of $2 million year-
over-year, reflecting higher debt balances to fund the Cognate and Vigene acquisitions, but was essentially
flat sequentially.

At the end of the third quarter, we had an outstanding debt balance of $2.9 billion, representing a gross
leverage ratio of 2.7x and a net leverage ratio of 2.6x.

For the full year, we now expect total adjusted net interest expense to be slightly lower than our prior
outlook in the range of $80 million to $82 million, reflecting debt repayment and continued low variable
interest rates.

Free cash flow was $119.2 million in the third quarter, representing a decrease of 21% over $151.1 million
for the same period last year. The lower free cash flow was primarily due to higher capital expenditures,
which increased by nearly $30 million to $55.5 million. There were 2 reasons for the increase in capital
expenditures: we continued to invest in capacity additions and other growth projects to meet client
demand, and last year's level was still constrained by COVID-related project rate.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03,
2021

For the year, our free cash flow and CapEx guidance remains unchanged at approximately $500 million
and $220 million, respectively. CapEx is expected to total over 6% of total revenue in 2021. With a robust
demand environment exceeding our expectations this year and expected to continue across our portfolio,
we now believe CapEx will be about 9% of total revenue next year as we continue to add capacity to
support our growth, particularly in our legacy businesses, including Safety Assessment.

With respect to 2021 guidance, we are updating our full year revenue growth outlook to a range of 19.5%
to 20.5% on a reported basis, reflecting the impact of the divestitures and foreign exchange, and organic
revenue growth to 13.5% to 14.5%.

Foreign exchange is now expected to be less of a benefit than previously anticipated due to the
strengthening of the U.S. dollar over the last 3 months, particularly when compared to the British pound
and euro. We now expect 150 to 200 basis point benefit from FX for the year compared to our prior
outlook of approximately 250 basis points. As Jim mentioned, the strength of the dollar resulted in a
headwind that reduced third quarter reported revenue by approximately $10 million compared to our prior
outlook.

We have narrowed our earnings per share guidance to a range of $10.20 to $10.30, primarily due to the
lower tax rate outlook, partially offset by the divestiture. Please keep in mind that the divestitures are
expected to reduce revenue by nearly $20 million and non-GAAP earnings per share by less than $0.10 in
the fourth quarter, which is reflected in the full year 2021 financial guidance.

By segment, our updated outlook for 2021 continues to reflect a sustained and healthy business
environment. With our organic revenue growth outlook narrowed within our previous range, we have
maintained our segment growth expectations, including organic revenue growth in the high teens for the
RMS segment, low double digits for the DSA segment and high teens for the Manufacturing segment.

On a reported basis, we have moderated the segment outlook to reflect updated FX rates and the
divestitures. We now expect revenue growth for the RMS segment in the high teens range, Manufacturing
in the low 40% range and DSA unchanged in the mid-teens.

With regard to operating margin, our segment outlook remains effectively unchanged from our prior
outlook. A detailed summary of our updated financial guidance for the full year can be found on Slide 39.

With 1 quarter remaining in the year, our fourth quarter outlook is effectively embedded in our guidance
for the full year. The RMS Japan divestiture will affect the year-over-year comparison in the fourth quarter.
On a year-over-year basis, we expect organic revenue growth will be in the high single digits and reported
revenue growth in the low double-digit range. When normalized for the COVID impact, we expect our
organic revenue growth for the full year will be squarely in the low double-digit range, which is also
consistent with the growth that we shall see next year.

Non-GAAP earnings per share is expected to be flat to a low single-digit increase in the fourth quarter
when compared to last year's level of $2.39.

The fourth quarter tax rate is expected to return to the low 20% range, which, along with the divestitures,
will meaningfully constrain the earnings per share growth rate.

I would like to provide one modeling comment with regard to next year. We will add a 53rd week at the
end of the fourth quarter of 2022, which is periodically required to true up our fiscal year to a December
31 calendar year-end. The 53rd week has historically been characterized a partial week of revenue since it
occurs during a holiday, but a full week of costs.

To conclude and before we turn the page to next year, we intend to finish the fourth quarter on a
strong note and achieve our updated financial guidance for this year. Our expected 2021 performance
demonstrates the progress that we are making as well as the investments that are necessary to achieve
the 2024 financial targets that we provided at our Investor Day in May, which include low double-digit
organic revenue growth and operating margin of approximately 22.5% and non-GAAP earnings per share
growth at a faster rate than revenue. Thank you.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03,
2021

Todd Spencer
Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations
That concludes our comments. Operator, we will now take questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03,
2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair.

John Charles Kreger
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Jim and David, I heard you guys make a few comments about '22. Just wanted to make sure we heard
that right. I think you said low double-digit organic growth expected and CapEx spending of around 9%.
Anything else you can add to that sort of early '22 look? And maybe where should we expect the higher
CapEx investing to be targeted?

James C. Foster
Chairman, CEO & President

So we're -- we did say that, John, and we're enjoying really extraordinary demand pretty much across
the whole portfolio. And we anticipate, given the spending paradigm, given the strength of new scientific
modalities, given cell and gene therapy, given the nature of our portfolio that the demand will continue
through next year at least, so giving sort of early indications of that.

What we're experiencing this year is it's quite interesting and unique. We had pretty thoughtful and
positive plan for this year. We are well in excess of our operating plan as evidenced by a couple of
guidance raises and just the changes in the top line guidance. And so we have been working really hard to
plan for additional capacity and hire enough people to do the work. And I think we're doing well.

But as we look at next year and beyond, we do think that the capacity needs will continue to be significant
and it's not something you can do sort of at the eleventh hour. And the scale and size of the business is
just getting to the point where not only did we think it was appropriate, but sort of our early roll-up is
showing that CapEx on a percentage basis will be meaningfully higher than we -- last time we had spoken
to you folks.

I would say it's the nature of the portfolio as a whole, probably more legacy portions of the portfolio and
more probably Safety Assessment than anything else. So sort of as Safety Assessment goes, so does the
company these days.

So we have terrific growth rates in the Safety Assessment business. We're by far the market leader. A lot
of clients depending on us. You have all these new biotech companies created and minted and have no
internal capability to do the work. So we thought that both at 9% and the double digit would be a good
early glimpse than what we anticipate for next year.

David Ross Smith
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

I'll add a bit more color on the puts and takes as well because I think that's clearly of interest to a number
of people. And while we're not going to talk about the 2022 full sort of guidance, there are a number of
things that we have kind of called out, but there's a lot of material this morning to go through.

So Jim talked about the strong demand environment, so I won't repeat about that. But that low double-
digit organic growth does help fuel some of the headwinds that we're seeing. And by the way, you're
aware of microbial access headwinds that we've had this year, which is behind us. Cell supply, we would
hope that'd be fully behind us when we get into 2022 as well. So that's another tailwind.

And of course, that buoyant double-digit growth helps with our margin expansion goals. You know that
we're trying to get to 150 basis points over the next 3 years. That won't be linear. For instance, the
investments that we're making in digital, we won't see the returns really kick in until the outer years. And
next year, we have this modest headwind from the 53rd week, which I called out in my remarks.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03,
2021

And then there are other known headwinds that we've got. We'll continue to invest in people, capacity,
digital. You're all familiar with the global pressures that we're seeing on hiring and inflation impacting
many sectors and regions, so I won't belabor that point, but we'll have our share of that.

However, we are fortunate to be in the industry that we're in. We're not as buffeted by those issues as
some, but neither are we immune. So that said, we believe we're effectively managing those tighter labor
markets and through supply chains, but it will take effort and it will take investment.

And then there are things, which we can't call out today, simple ones like FX. That's one of the last pieces
we put in the jigsaw piece. We've got that unique item around potential for U.S. tax reform should it be
enacted. But I am hearing that there's a good chance that, that will be punted into 2023.

And then we've got the open questions around inflation. Is it short term as some people would have us
believe or is it more sustained? And I think that's too early to call.

And finally, Great Resignation as it's being called. It has to come into an end, but at what point. So we're
working on finalizing the plan. In February, we'll put those pieces together and share that with you. But
as I said, strong demand that we're seeing, that should help us progress towards these long-term targets
and we should have appropriate numbers for you in '22.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin with Bank of America.

Derik De Bruin
BofA Securities, Research Division

Jim, can you talk a little bit about the cell and gene therapy business and sort of like -- and the demands
in that area? And sort of how that is flowing through on -- particularly how that is flowing through on the
margin profile? And just sort of how should we think about the growth in that segment in '22 -- the rest of
this year and next year?

James C. Foster
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Derik, we put together relatively swiftly through M&A several cell and gene therapy assets with
the cell product businesses and the CDMO assets. And of course, they show up in 2 different segments.
They're working really hard to integrate and connect to those businesses. I think we're doing really well at
that.

We're also working really hard to connect those businesses, particularly the CDMO piece, to our Biologics
business because being able to manufacture the drug and test it are really important capability that
distinguishes us from most of our competitors.

We -- the cell supply business, as we call those, its growth rate is being hampered right now by sort of
COVID-related donor -- restrictions for donors, but that should ameliorate over time. And growth rate
there should be 25% or 30% on an ongoing basis.

And we haven't said that much about the margins. The margin should be -- should not be dilutive to RMS,
let's put it that way. On the CDMO piece, we've been really clear that the Manufacturing segment has had
mid- to high 30% operating margin, a lot of businesses that would be accretive to that.

So it's a bit of a headwind, although that will improve meaningfully and systematically over time as we
increase volume as, hopefully, a few clients go from clinical stage to commercial, as we have more digital
capability. So it should be less of a drag.

It's tough to say what CDMO will look like from a margin profile out a few years, particularly if we're doing
multiple commercial runs for clients. So you'd obviously have just greater efficiency and throughput and
consistency of supply, and I think that could invigorate the margin.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03,
2021

So pleased with the growth rates. Directionally pleased with the margin rates. We think we put together
a nice portfolio sort of on its own and are connecting it thoughtfully and carefully with our legacy
businesses, particularly Biologics.

Derik De Bruin
BofA Securities, Research Division

But do you need to invest more heavily in technologies in this area, particularly in Discovery? I mean it's
still sort of like the Wild West. I'm just wondering if it's an extra heavy technology investment relative to
what you're typically used to.

James C. Foster
Chairman, CEO & President

I wouldn't say that. I think that we're going to continue to have to invest in technology across the
portfolio, particularly in areas like AI and machine learning and next-generation sequencing and certain
aspects of pathology and antibody discovery. And AI is a bit of a wildcard. There's so many shots on goal
that we could take and so much impact that this could have on the portfolio. But it's still relatively early
days.

So I think that we will have meaningful investments, particularly in AI and machine learning. I do think
they can be beneficial to the whole portfolio, maybe particularly cell and gene therapy.

Look, the whole -- per your question, the whole Discovery platform is obviously much heavier science,
much more cutting-edge science. And I'd say the majority of our strategic deals are Discovery-related. So
I guess from that vantage point, yes, we're very much focused on it. I don't think the price points will be
necessarily higher though.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I want to revisit the 2022 discussion for a minute because I think you also talked about earnings leverage.
And David, as you talked about, obviously, you've got some headwinds here with the extra week and wage
inflation and I think 3/4 of the divestiture headwinds. Can you help us think about the levers you can pull
to drive that earnings leverage next year? And The Street has you up about 11.5% on earnings, in line
effectively with revenues.

But if you're actually going to have the earnings leverage, you mentioned digital. I'm just curious what
other leverage you'd have to pull to drive margin expansion and earnings leverage next year.

And how should we think about tax rate at this point for next year?

David Ross Smith
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

So look, we've got really strong revenue demand. This year, the demand has increased more than we
expected, which is great. It's setting us up nicely for the future. And we've made meaningful investments
this year, so we can continue to make meaningful investments in the business with that revenue pull-
through. And that's one of the benefits of having high revenue and double-digit growth.

But we do need to invest some of that additional property, if you like, into the business not just for the
short term in terms of head count but also into the medium term in terms of digital. So we will continue
to do that. And I don't see next year different in that respect except we might not see -- we're not going
to see a 100 basis point margin improvement in 2022 that we've seen in the last 2 years, right, and
particularly this year where we've got a 100 basis point improvement despite the investments that we
have made in the business. So that's helpful. That's a helpful headwind, if you like, that helps cover some
of these tailwinds.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03,
2021

In terms of tax, we are -- well, it depends where we end up with Biden. We did call out on our investor
call back in May that while we're low 20% traditionally at the moment -- okay, this year, we've had a few
discrete items that put us down. But without those discrete items, we would have expected for 2022 to
be low 20s. With Biden, that would have moved us up to -- we expect it to move up to the mid-20s. And
as I said a few moments ago, I'm hearing that, subject to a vote in the House, we should see the Biden
reforms pushed out to '22 into '23. So ergo, if that happened, tax rate would be back to where we've
traditionally been at the low 20%.

Actually, while I have the call again, people are talking about puts and takes. In terms of the divestitures
that we called out, we've called out what that impact is for this year. But I'll share with you that broadly
we would expect that to be a $0.20 to $0.25 headwind for 2022 as well.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then if I could ask just one clarification for Jim on the DSA capacity expansion.
You talked about the price increases on prior calls. Are we at a point now where customers are pushing
back on price and you're having to expand capacity? How do you think about that trade-off?

James C. Foster
Chairman, CEO & President

Pricing is -- we're very pleased with the price that we're getting. We continue to be pleased. And now
I would say that generally speaking, clients are the most interested right now in when they can start a
study, available study slots, sometimes -- or many times a geography where they'll start the study. So do
you have room for me? Do you have the scientific capability for me? Can you meet my turnaround times?
And oh, by the way, what's the price?

I'm not saying they're not interested in price. I would say it's significantly deemphasized as an important
issue. So if you think of the client base with hundreds of new biotech companies being created every
year with literally no internal capacity and big pharma continuing to rapidly reduce their internal capacity,
our role is just becoming -- has become increasingly more significant. That's what we're trying to say
about this year. I mean this is a high-class problem, right, high-class challenge that we are working really
hard to have enough people and to build enough space to accommodate the demand, which is right now
significantly ahead of where we thought our business plan would be.

So as we put the final touches on next year's operating plan, we just have to be very thoughtful and make
sure that we have capacity and then some. And of course, by the way, anything we build even now is
probably not available until '23 anyway. So we have to get ahead of that.

So it's a very -- it's the most attractive supply-demand paradigm that we've ever seen across most of
our businesses, but particularly nuanced in Safety just given our scale and scientific depth. And so it's
incumbent upon us, if this marketplace is going to depend on us, to make the necessary investments and
capacity and people to accommodate them.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore.

Elizabeth Hammell Anderson
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Maybe just to follow up on that one slightly. So if we think about sort of the free cash -- sorry, the CapEx
expenditures next year, how do you sort of see that, I mean, broadly trending? You said you obviously
increased capacity across a variety of facilities, but do you see that kind of 9% maybe tapering back
down? Or is that kind of the new run rate to go with?

James C. Foster
Chairman, CEO & President

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03,
2021

I think it would be -- I'm not sure of the right adjective. I think it will be difficult to predict that. But I
think if we had to call it today, we think the demand will continue. We look at the world in 5-year chunks,
right? We have a 5-year strategic plan, we've been public about being able to double the size of the
company, et cetera, et cetera. We certainly don't think this growth rate is going to slow given the biotech
funding, given all the new modalities, given our competitive prowess, given the fact that we'll probably do
additional M&A to make our portfolio stronger.

So given the scale of our business and the demand on our business, I think we would anticipate that,
that's the new normal, that we'll have CapEx as a percentage of sales around that level going forward.
And there's no logical demand reason that, that should slow. But from where we are now, that looks like
the right rate to accommodate client demand.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Eric Coldwell with Baird.

Eric White Coldwell
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

David, you -- a second ago, you mentioned another '22 factor, which was the impact of the divestitures at
$0.20 to $0.25. We were curious if that was a full year impact or if that was the incremental impact after
adjusting for the fourth quarter here this year.

David Ross Smith
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Simple, that's a full year impact. It's a...

Eric White Coldwell
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

So full year $0.20 to $0.25. So incremental would be roughly something less than $0.10 to $0.15?

David Ross Smith
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

Correct. It's the impact on the '22 year, correct. If we were taking it out of '22, it would be the $0.20 to
$0.25. And the reason why it's not the Q4 multiplied by 4 is broadly the work that we've divested in the
Swedish site can actually be done elsewhere within our organization. So we're making an assumption as to
how much of that work we can pick up.

Eric White Coldwell
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Got it. And then I had a follow-up on the cell supply business. And I know those units have been impacted
by the pandemic and donor access, in particular. But -- look, I'm a people's advocate. We cover the health
care supply chain broadly. We look at a lot of health care sectors. Just about every category I can think of
is near or above pre-pandemic levels, and some health care sectors are actually growing fairly nicely at
the moment. It just seems like the world has opened up more than these numbers are representing. And
I'm curious if there isn't something more going on in the cell supply business that's holding it back.

James C. Foster
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. There really is nothing more going on, Eric. It's a function of donor access. The demand is still quite
significant. The good news is that we had a better October. We've opened additional donor rooms given
that we did 2 acquisitions in that space. So in addition to the California facility, we have capabilities in
Massachusetts and Washington state. That obviously is and will continue to improve donor access. And as
we said, that business should continue to improve, hopefully sequentially, as we move through the back
half of this year and into next year to get to the growth levels that we anticipated when we did these deals
and announce, which was around 30% top line. So we're confident we'll get back to that.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03,
2021

Eric White Coldwell
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Jim, last one for me. Your largest competitor in the research model animal supply side of the business is in
the midst of a combination with another company in the space. Is there any knock-on impact from that to
you? I don't suspect that there is, but I'm just curious.

We often talk about clinical CRO mergers and the impact across clinical CROs. It's much less common to
talk about larger competitors and research models coming together. And I know that's more of a vertical
deal than a horizontal one, but I am curious if you see any potential impact from the changes over at
Envigo.

James C. Foster
Chairman, CEO & President

We really don't. That's been an enterprise that we've competed with for a long period of time, I would say
principally and always on price as opposed to quality. So we've always been a sort of scientific partner with
a broader geographic footprint and sort of different level of service with our clients and a broader portfolio.
So -- and that company has been less of an impactful competitor, I would say, over the years than they
were historically.

So I would expect that, that situation -- that fact hadn't -- really doesn't change at all as a result of this.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Tejas Savant with Morgan Stanley.

Tejas Rajeev Savant
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Just one follow-up there also related to RMS. Jim, are you seeing any pickup in disruptions in China from
some of the COVID-related shutdown there? Or are customers generally in better shape to handle the
surge this time around?

And one for Dave on the guide. To what extent in '22 can you push through pricing increases to your
customers to absorb some of the headwinds you've outlined on the call here?

James C. Foster
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. We're not seeing any new or additional COVID-related dislocations in China. Obviously, the first place
we saw it back when it all hit and the first place that it improved. I'd say that, that marketplace for us at
least, is back minimally to pre-COVID levels and probably stronger than that, both in the academic part
and the biopharmaceutical part.

We make -- we'll continue to make significant investments in capacity, and we're growing that business
nicely and nicely geographically, both in the core research model piece and the related services. So no,
that business is going really well.

David Ross Smith
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

And in terms of pricing for '22, well, that's part of our low double-digit growth assumptions. So -- and
as you know, we don't break out price anymore anyway. And we're still sharpening our pencil as to what
exactly the 2022 plan will look like in terms of price. So -- but yes, it's part of the low double-digit growth
that we've -- that I mentioned before.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of David Windley with Jefferies.

David Howard Windley

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03,
2021

Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Jim, is it possible to quantify in some way the benefit to your visibility, particularly in Safety Assessment?
But the benefit to your visibility in '22 from clients booking out further, like how much more percent of
revenue do you think you have visibility to in '22 versus what would be normal?

James C. Foster
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. It's probably quantifiable, Dave, but...

David Howard Windley
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

But not for us, right?

James C. Foster
Chairman, CEO & President

That would probably be a dangerous thing to quantify. I would say that it continues to be more
pronounced. That, that's a very good thing for us in terms of some of the things I've talked about, hiring
and capacity and timing and scheduling and utilization of our various facilities.

It gives us several things. It gives us a better look to the future. It also gives us a much closer working
relationship with the clients who now have to really do a better job planning, a better job nuancing
their priorities and portfolio and a better job messaging to us what's really essential to be done quickly,
whatever that means for them, and what could wait.

So it feels like while it's pretty feverish and the demand is great, it's a more rational planning paradigm.
So I think that it's actually enhancing our relationship with the clients. It feels like there's sort of
leverage that we have and they have is sort of on an equal playing field now and that we're much more
communicative. So we like it from a planning point of view and a visibility point of view.

David Howard Windley
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

And then a related follow-up question is around the mix in that business. I'm thinking broadly about a
pipeline that's moving toward large molecule in general, but also maybe at the bleeding edge moving
towards cell and gene therapy and you've highlighted that part of your business. And so the shifting mix
but also in that the supply chain for that shifting mix, how does that change the type of animal models
that you need to use in those studies? And do you have access to all of those?

James C. Foster
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. There's -- we work really hard at making sure we have sufficient supply of all of our animal models,
particularly some of the larger models. And we've had to identify and validate multiple new sources of
supply of multiple countries to accommodate just the increase in demand and the pace of demand and
just to ensure that the supply is there.

It's an ongoing complex challenge, one that I think we're managing well. And we feel that we are
directionally managing it quite well in terms of having sufficient numbers for '22.

So yes, I mean the -- I think the animal models will become increasingly more complex, particularly some
of the larger ones for the Biologics, in particular. I think that's been the case for some period of time.

David Howard Windley
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03,
2021

But just to be clear, the implication in your response that the shift -- or you are seeing a shift toward large
animal -- or I'm sorry, like nonhuman primate and large animal within the mix? Is that the right way to
think about it with large molecule?

James C. Foster
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. And I think that's a continuation of the shift that started some time ago, and I think it's just -- it's
more intensified these days just given the nature of the drugs.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Donnelly with Citi.

Patrick Bernard Donnelly
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

David, maybe one more on the margin side. Just trying to figure out again the moving pieces for '22
versus kind of the long-term guide you gave. Does '22 have potential to be a bit more of a muted
year given, again, some of the increasing costs on the labor side, obviously significant investments in
Manufacturing. Just trying to think of kind of that bridge in terms of '22. It seems like there are some
pressures. So maybe just talk through that one more time, it would be appreciated.

David Ross Smith
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

You broke up a bit. You said -- I missed the middle part of the question, which I think was key to the
question.

Patrick Bernard Donnelly
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Yes. It was around the '22 margins and then just the cadence in terms of the long-term guide. Does '22
have potential to be a bit more muted given labor pressure, investments in Manufacturing and all the
other moving pieces?

David Ross Smith
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I mean, as I said earlier, anybody that's expecting us to get 100 basis points next year, reconsider
that, please. And equally, even if you take 150 basis points and you say that's going to be linear, I think
you need to consider that as well given the commentary that we've made about some of the pressures this
year in terms of wage in particular and inflation.

But we've made some meaningful investments this year in 2021. So I wouldn't want you to feel that we
have Draconian pressures on us. We have a portion of pressure, as everybody else in the world does. We
think we can cope with that well. But I wouldn't want to leave you the impression that the last 2 years'
worth of margin accretion is going to continue.

And indeed, we did try to speak on that at the Investor Day that we would be looking at 150 over 3
years. And we've also got that headwind from the 53rd week in 2022, digital investments that we've been
making, which has been quite sizable in amounts will be kicking in, in the outer years. So -- and then, of
course, we've got on top of that some of the compensation pressures that we've mentioned.

So our key here is to make sure that we can supply the needs of our clients, continue to get that growth,
continue to win new share, make sure that we're in a great position that we become the first call in terms
of doing the work for any drug research.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of John Sourbeer with UBS.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03,
2021

John Newton Sourbeer
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I guess just in the cell and gene therapy manufacturing portfolio. Are there any areas there that you see
gaps or areas that could be complementary to invest with the existing portfolio? And any thoughts on
where to maybe deploy the divestiture proceeds from the recently announced transactions?

James C. Foster
Chairman, CEO & President

We would hope to deploy the divestitures in further M&A, but money is fungible. So I'd say, generally,
we're just going to deploy it in -- to grow our business generally. Obviously, if we have a deal sooner than
later, we could directly apply it.

The cell and gene therapy portfolio is pretty robust right now. I think there's some subtle -- I don't want
to list them off because we're looking at additional M&A there. But there are some subtle areas that we
can improve and enhance just to have a broader connectivity so we never have to outsource anything
ourselves.

Having said that, I think it's more about the scale of the current portfolio and the geographic footprint of
the current portfolio that we'll primarily do organically, although it's possible we'll do some M&A.

If you take the businesses that we bought, which are 5, maybe 6, depending on what you think Retrogenix
is, and then you add a Biologics business and some of our Safety and Discovery capabilities, it's a very
broad portfolio now. And certainly, from a service point of view, it's the broadest of anyone in the industry.

So we have a good base right now and can accommodate a lot of demand from a diverse client base.
And so we'll invest in it aggressively, organically. If we can get some of these niche deals done that we're
looking at from an M&A point of view, then some of the subtle gaps that would actually be that obvious
will be filled.

Operator

I'm not showing any further questions in the queue. I will now turn the call back over to Todd for closing
remarks.

Todd Spencer
Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations

Great. Thank you for joining us on the conference call this morning. We look forward to speaking with you
during an upcoming investor conference. That concludes the conference call. Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may
now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03,
2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

