Cisco Systems, Inc. NasdaqGS:CSCO
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, February 09, 2021 9:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.75

0.79

Revenue  (mm)

11902.83

11960.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-08-2021 8:44 PM GMT

5.33

0.48

0.81

3.17

3.38

12323.53

48858.26

50677.29

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.71

0.74

0.70

0.75

0.79

0.80

0.76

0.79

SURPRISE

11.27 %

8.11 %

8.57 %

5.33 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Charles H. Robbins
Chairman & CEO

Marilyn Mora
Director of Global Investor
Relations

Richard Scott Herren
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Ahmed Sami Badri
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Ittai Kidron
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

James Dickey Suva
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Simon Matthew Leopold
Raymond James & Associates, Inc.,
Research Division

Tal Liani
BofA Securities, Research Division

Jeffrey Thomas Kvaal
Wolfe Research, LLC

Timothy Patrick Long
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Meta A. Marshall
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Paul Jonas Silverstein
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Pierre C. Ferragu
New Street Research LLP

Roderick B. Hall
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Samik Chatterjee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to Cisco's Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. At the request of
Cisco, today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect.

Now I would like to introduce Marilyn Mora, Head of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.

Marilyn Mora
Director of Global Investor Relations

Welcome, everyone, to Cisco's Second Quarter Fiscal 2021 Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. This is
Marilyn Mora, Head of Investor Relations, and I'm joined by Chuck Robbins, our Chairman and CEO; and
I'm very pleased to welcome, Scott Herren, our CFO.

By now, you should have seen our earnings press release. A corresponding webcast with slides, including
supplemental information, will be made available on our website in the Investor Relations section following
the call. Income statements, full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information, balance sheets, cash flow
statements and other financial information can also be found in the Financial Information section of our
Investor Relations website.

Throughout this conference call, we will be referencing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results and
we'll discuss product results in terms of revenue and geographic and customer results in terms of product
orders, unless stated otherwise. All comparisons made throughout this call will be on a year-over-year
basis.

The matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements, including the guidance we will
be providing for the third quarter of fiscal 2021. They are subject to the risks and uncertainties, including
COVID-19, that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent
reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to
differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements.

With respect to guidance, please also see the slides and press release that accompany this call for further
details. Cisco will not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through an
explicit public disclosure.

With that, I'll now turn it over to Chuck.

Charles H. Robbins
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Marilyn. First of all, I hope that all of you and your families are safe and healthy. This year is full
of promise as vaccines give us a path to healing and recovery. We are optimistic about the future and look
forward to what lies ahead.

This past quarter, our team delivered strong performance with revenues coming in at the top of our
guidance range and non-GAAP EPS landing above the high end of our expectations, all supported by
margin expansion and a further strengthening of our balance sheet. More importantly, we are seeing
encouraging signs of strength across our business as the recovery takes shape with all customer segments
showing improvement in year-over-year growth rates.

Our employees and partners have done a remarkable job executing and innovating throughout the
pandemic to help our customers connect, secure and automate to accelerate their digital agility in a
cloud-first world. We are partnering with them on core issues that are essential to their success: business
resiliency, modernizing their IT environments and embracing secure hybrid work.

Over the past year, our customers have relied on our innovation to accelerate their digital and cloud
capabilities while protecting them from an expanding threat environment.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

In my numerous conversations with customers, it is clear that our technology will be a powerful engine for
their recovery and growth as their technology needs continue to evolve at a rapid pace.

Building on the strength of our broad portfolio, we are focused on 6 strategic pillars that will deliver
highly secure next-generation architectures with unprecedented insights, automation and visibility. First,
we're building networking solutions with built-in simplicity, security, agility and automation that can be
consumed as a service. Second, we are optimizing our customers' application experiences, enabling
greater speed, agility and scale of cloud-native applications and DevOps that deliver the best end-user
experience. Third, with the future of work being hybrid, we're delivering highly secure access, a safer
workplace and the best collaboration experiences no matter whether workers are at home or in an office.

Fourth, with our customers and partners, we are building the Internet for the future by transforming
connectivity and efficiently meeting the ever-growing demand for low latency and higher speeds. Fifth,
with security and privacy a top priority, we are building integrated high efficacy end-to-end security
solutions that are delivered on-prem or in the cloud. Lastly, as apps and workloads move closer to
users and devices, we are developing new edge capabilities for a distributed world while enhancing the
developer experience and extending enterprise and carrier networks. I am confident that this is the right
strategy to deliver the innovation and integrated network solutions that our customers need no matter
what the future holds.

Now moving to our performance this quarter. We continue to see signs of gradual improvement, led by
order growth in our commercial, public sector and service provider businesses, which together account for
nearly 3/4 of product orders. The enterprise market remains soft, driven by some elongated sales cycles
and a continued pause in spending among some customers brought on by the pandemic.

From a product revenue perspective, we saw strength in our Catalyst 9K, data center switching, security,
wireless and WebEx portfolios. The transformation of our business to more software and subscriptions
continues to show great progress as we achieved $3.6 billion in software revenue with 76% of our
software revenues sold as a subscription.

We also saw our sixth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth in our deferred product revenue. We
continue to accelerate our pace of innovation, delivering unique solutions and digital capabilities as we
invest in flexible consumption models. I am confident in our ability to capture the long-term opportunities
ahead in areas such as cloud, 400 gig, 5G, security, hybrid work and next-generation applications.

Looking ahead, we are cautiously optimistic as recent surveys of IT spending indicate year-over-year IT
budget growth for calendar 2021. And Cisco remains well positioned among CIO's top forward-looking
spending priorities, including network infrastructure, cybersecurity software as well as cloud migration
and cloud infrastructure. We are also mindful and vigilant about the uncertainty of the pandemic and its
influence in the market, which is not fully behind us yet.

Now let me touch on infrastructure platforms. To manage the highly distributed and complex nature of
modern IT environments, our customers must fundamentally change how their networks are architected.
To help them achieve this, we are building a unified cloud-native platform suite to deliver secure agile
networking. A good example of this is our subscription-based, intent-based networking portfolio and is
reflected in the momentum of our Catalyst 9K family, which saw another quarter of double-digit revenue
growth.

We are also delivering full stack observability from the application to the infrastructure to give our
customers greater insights for faster, better decision making. We are doing this through key elements of
our portfolio like Intersight, ThousandEyes and AppDynamics as well as our leading security innovations.

As a global leader in transport network infrastructure, we are playing an important role in helping
customers build their networks for the future. We continue to invest heavily to capture 5G, 400-gig
and WiFi 6 transitions to enable open RAN and Edge services. This is reflected in our SD-WAN portfolio,
routing, 5G mobile core platforms, optics and automation capabilities.

In our web scale business, we delivered our fifth consecutive quarter of very rapid order growth,
increasing to triple digits. And on a trailing 12-month basis, our orders grew over 60% as we focus on

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

delivering routing, data center switching and optical platforms built on Cisco Silicon One, which has a
better efficiency over other silicon on the market.

While we could see our performance vary quarter-to-quarter due to the timing of large deals, we are
incredibly confident in our ability to further strengthen our position. By building a network on Silicon One,
our customers can also save up to 30% of network switching power, resulting in a meaningful reduction in
their environmental footprint as well as significant energy cost savings.

Our agreement to acquire Acacia will enable us to deliver leading-edge optical technology to meet both
the bandwidth requirements and the economics of next-generation networks, which is critical to providing
high-speed connectivity. This is just another reason why I'm so confident we will continue to win in the
web scale space.

As I've mentioned, we plan to transition the majority of our portfolio to be cloud-driven, cloud-managed
and delivered as a service. If we can deliver from the cloud, we will. For example, we are looking at
offering SD-WAN plus cloud security as a service, along with creating other new solutions. We will also
provide simplified end-to-end networking with security, reliability, control and automation plus seamless
on-ramp capabilities to the cloud that no one else can deliver.

Moving to security. We delivered another strong quarter of revenue growth driven by increasing adoption
of our next-generation cloud-based architectures, which can enable fast, secure access to applications
and data from anywhere. With the rapid growth in modern applications and more distributed work
environments, our customers are adopting new security architectures as identity and data privacy are
increasingly critical. The recent SolarWinds breach only highlights the urgent need for advanced threat
defense.

Our comprehensive security portfolio offers simplified protection for any workload on any cloud while
minimizing the attack surface and automating security policies across an organization's hybrid cloud
footprint. This extends to our secure access service edge framework and Zero Trust architecture where we
have developed a best-in-class, cloud-delivered stack across Umbrella, secure Internet gateway, Meraki
SD-WAN and Viptela.

We're also delivering leading unified detection and response capabilities built on Cisco SecureX, our cloud
native platform. Over 5,400 customers are already seeing the benefits of this platform since it became
generally available last June. We remain committed to delivering simple, integrated and highly effective
end-to-end security solutions delivered on-prem and in the cloud.

Turning to applications, which includes our collaboration portfolio. We are focused on building solutions
that will enable an engaged, productive workforce and an intelligent workplace built with secure
collaboration, automation and insights. Our aim is to deliver the best collaboration experience for our
customers no matter where they are.

Our strong momentum with WebEx continued, resulting in double-digit revenue growth. I'm so proud of
the work the WebEx team has done to ensure our nearly 600 million quarterly average users are able to
stay connected and productive. In addition, we are connecting over 6 billion calls every month for our
customers around the world.

We are bringing incredible innovation to the collaboration market at an unprecedented pace. Our goal is
to deliver a 10x better experience than just in-person interactions. At our recent WebEx One event, we
introduced more than 50 new product and feature innovations, integrating security and privacy to deliver
inclusive experiences. Some of the new powerful capabilities we announced include noise cancellation,
real-time language translation and our WebEx Desk Pro series platforms.

Our recently announced intent to acquire cloud-based IMImobile and Slido furthers our vision of building a
WebEx suite of applications as we combine these technologies with our WebEx contact center to improve
customer interactions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

In summary, our strategy is clear and our business remains strong. We are executing and innovating with
speed and delivered solid results with our Q2 revenue coming in at the high end and earnings coming in
above our stated guidance.

As we move into the gradual recovery phase, we believe our customers will continue to turn to Cisco as
their partner of choice. I am so proud of what our teams have achieved. The incredible innovation and
trusted partnerships we are building will serve us well in the years ahead.

While the past year has highlighted far too many inequities in our society, we believe in the power of
technology to drive more inclusivity and opportunity to underserve populations and communities around
the world, which is why we are committed to powering an inclusive future for all.

With our ongoing disciplined approach to investment and innovation, we expect to be in an even stronger
position post-pandemic as our customers look to deploy their next-generation networks at the heart of
their organizations. I firmly believe Cisco is well positioned to capture the long-term growth opportunities
ahead and win for years to come.

I'll now turn it over to Scott, our new CFO, to walk through our financial results. As you know, Scott has
strong experience in software and a proven track record of leading successful business model transitions
from perpetual licenses to SaaS and recurring subscriptions. Scott is proving to be a powerful addition
to our team, and I look forward to partnering with him as we plan the next phase of Cisco's continued
transformation. Scott, over to you.

Richard Scott Herren
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Chuck. Let me start by saying how excited I am to join the Cisco team at such a pivotal time
in the company's transformation. Before turning to our performance in the quarter, I thought I'd share
my initial observations and key priorities. I'm impressed by the team here at Cisco and the progress the
company has made on its transformation, achieving the goals laid out 3 years ago of driving 50% of our
revenue from software and services. It's also clear that the leadership team is unified and focused and
that the strategies Chuck laid out earlier in the call will drive our growth over the next several years. It's
an exciting time to be joining the company in this role.

In terms of my key priorities, they include the following: driving profitable growth, a continued disciplined
focus on financial management and operating efficiency, setting a long-term plan to maximize value
creation through strategic transformation and examining investments, both organic and inorganic. I'm also
committed to providing you the insight and metrics needed to understand and properly value our business
longer term.

Now let's turn to our results. I'll start with a summary of our financial results for the quarter, followed by
the guidance for Q3. Our overall Q2 results reflect very good execution with strong margins and growth in
non-GAAP net income and earnings per share in a continuing challenging environment. Total revenue of
$12.0 billion came in at the top of our guidance range, flat year-over-year as we see gradual recovery in
several key product areas and sequential growth rate improvement in 2 out of 3 of our geographies. Our
non-GAAP operating margin was 34.4%, up 70 basis points. Non-GAAP net income was $3.4 billion, up 2%
and non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.79, coming in above the high end of our guidance range and up
3% year-over-year.

Now let me provide some more detail on our Q2 revenue. Total product revenue was $8.6 billion, down
1%. Infrastructure platforms was down 3%. As a reminder, this is the product area most impacted by the
COVID environment. Switching revenue was flat overall. We saw solid growth in data center switching with
strong growth of the Nexus 9K. We also saw continued strong momentum of the Cat 9K products within
campus switching.

Routing declined driven by weakness in service provider. Wireless had solid growth driven by the continued
ramp of our WiFi 6 products and strength in Meraki. Data center revenue declined driven primarily by
servers as we experienced continued market contraction. Applications was flat overall. We continue to see

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

strong double-digit growth in WebEx driven by our continuing product innovations and the criticality of
remote working. This was offset by declines in unified communications and TP endpoints.

Security was up 10% with growth across the portfolio. Our cloud security portfolio performed well with
strong double-digit growth and continued momentum of our Duo and Umbrella offerings. Service revenue
was up 2%, driven by growth in our maintenance business as well as solution support. And we continue to
transform our business, delivering more software offerings and driving more subscriptions.

Software subscriptions were 76% of total software revenue, up 4 points year-over-year, as Chuck
mentioned earlier. Remaining performance obligations, or RPO, at the end of Q2 were $28.2 billion,
up 13%. RPO for product was up 17% and for service was up 10%. The continued growth in RPO
demonstrates the strength of our portfolio of software and services and is another indicator of the broad
recovery we see happening.

In terms of orders in Q2, total product orders were up 1%, a significant improvement from Q1. Looking at
our geographies, the Americas was down 1%, EMEA was up 7% and APJC was down 5%. Total emerging
markets were down 14%, with the BRICS plus Mexico down 11%.

In our customer segments, public sector was up 10%, service provider was up 5% and commercial was up
1%, enterprise down 9%.

Non-GAAP total gross margin was 66.9%, up 50 basis points; product gross margins were 66.6%, up
70 basis points; and service gross margin was 67.9%, up 20 basis points year-over-year. The growth in
product gross margin was driven by positive product mix, including some software benefit and productivity
improvements, partially offset by pricing.

In terms of the bottom line from a GAAP perspective, Q2 net income was $2.5 billion and earnings per
share was $0.60. We ended Q2 with total cash, cash equivalents and investments of $30.6 billion, up
$600 million sequentially. Operating cash flow was $3 billion, down 22%, as expected, driven by a lower
beginning receivables balance for the quarter, timing of payments and the restructuring payments. We
expect operating cash flow growth to normalize over the course of the fiscal year.

From a capital allocation perspective, we returned $2.3 billion to shareholders during the quarter that was
comprised of $1.5 billion for our quarterly dividend and $800 million of share repurchases. Year-to-date,
we've returned $4.6 billion to shareholders, which represents 69% of our free cash flow.

And today, we announced a $0.01 increase to the quarterly dividend to $0.37 per share, up 3% year-over-
year. This dividend increase reflects the tenth consecutive year of increasing our dividend and reinforces
our commitment to returning capital to our shareholders and our confidence in the strength and stability
of our ongoing cash flows.

We continue to invest organically and inorganically in our innovation pipeline. During Q2, we announced
an amendment to the definitive merger agreement under which we previously agreed to acquire Acacia
Communications. We expect to complete the Acacia acquisition in our fiscal Q3, subject to closing
conditions, including Acacia's stockholder approval.

In addition, we announced our intent to acquire IMImobile, the cloud communications, software and
services company; and Slido, a provider of SaaS-based solutions to enhance our WebEx platform and
our new cloud-native contact center offerings. These investments are consistent with our strategy of
complementing our internal innovation and R&D with targeted M&A to allow us to further strengthen and
differentiate our market position in our focused growth areas.

To summarize, we executed well with strong margins and growth in non-GAAP net income and earnings
per share growth. We're seeing returns on the investments we're making in innovation and driving the
continued shift to more software and subscriptions, delivering long-term growth and shareholder value.

Now let me reiterate our guidance for the third quarter of fiscal '21. This guidance is subject to the
disclaimer regarding forward-looking information that Marilyn referred to earlier. Q3 does include an extra
week, which occurs every 5 to 6 years. We've factored this extra week into our guidance for both revenue

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

and expenses. Although it's difficult to forecast the impact of the extra week, we have assumed roughly
2% to 3% year-over-year impact on total revenue growth, along with approximately $185 million of
incremental cost of sales and operating expenses.

The guidance for Q3 is as follows: We expect revenue to be in the range of 3.5% to 5.5% growth year-
over-year. We anticipate the non-GAAP gross margin to be in the range of 65% to 66%. The non-GAAP
operating margin is expected to be in the range of 33% to 34% and the non-GAAP tax provision rate is
expected to be 19%. Non-GAAP earnings per share is expected to range from $0.80 to $0.82.

I'll now turn it back to Marilyn so we can move into the Q&A.

Marilyn Mora
Director of Global Investor Relations
Thanks, Scott. Michelle, let's go ahead and queue up the Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

Our first question comes from Meta Marshall from Morgan Stanley.

Meta A. Marshall
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great. Maybe to start off for me, I just wanted to get a sense of where you feel like organizations are
in planning for a return to work and what the hybrid workplace looks like. And when do you think that
investment will take place in that architecture versus kind of when employees return to the office?

Charles H. Robbins
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Meta, thank you. I think that the -- what we have been operating under is a premise that customers
will probably begin to come back to the offices and we have been thinking sort of mid to late summer. I
think if you're watching the news this morning, you heard some of the New York companies say that they
may be September.

But I would suspect that as companies look to prepare their offices for the return, in our case, we've seen
significant uptake in WiFi 6, as an example, as they've begun to get ready for that return. We believe that,
that will require switching infrastructure as people come back to the office and begin to put load on those
wireless networks.

We also believe that every meeting in the future is going to be a hybrid meeting, even when people
are back in the office. You'll have people in the office and you'll have people remote. And in order to
accommodate that, we suspect most of our customers will be putting video units in every conference
room they have, which, again, will also accommodate the hybrid work model but will also drive bandwidth
requirements, which could lead to switching infrastructure.

So that's the way we see it playing out over the next few months. And we would expect that with some
of the solutions we have around worker safety in the collaboration portfolio and the WiFi 6 build-outs that
we'll continue to see some progress from our customers as they prepare to return.

Operator

Jim Suva from Citigroup Investment Research.

James Dickey Suva
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Looking at your guidance, I think some investors are asking a little bit about, hey, the revenue guidance
is up year-over-year quite impressively, off a little bit of easy comps and also an extra week. But the EPS
year-over-year, there's not much leverage there. Are there additional costs? I think with less travel, why
wouldn't there be more flow-through to the bottom line of earnings per share?

Richard Scott Herren
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Jim, for the question. And I think there's a couple of things you have to bear in mind. Not
only does the extra week in Q3 bring along with it additional revenue, it brings along additional spend
as well. And we touched on this in the opening commentary, it's about $185 million -- our expectation is
about $185 million of additional spend.

Coming through -- when you compare year-on-year coming through from last year, we also have comp
plans reset. So as you'd expect, commissions and bonuses are on a different track this year than they

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

were last year. And FX, the weakness of the dollar is having an effect on us as well. And so when you add
those up, that's what drops through to the COGS and the OpEx line.

We are on track just to get ahead of maybe what your next question would have been. We're on track with
the $1 billion of savings that we talked about through the restructuring. That continues to go well. Almost
all of that is behind us at this point. But there's some year-on-year things that are factoring into our spend
rate for this year -- for this coming quarter.

Operator

Ittai Kidron from Oppenheimer.

Ittai Kidron
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Good luck, Scott, in your new role. I guess I have a couple of questions. First, on the decline 9% in orders
on enterprise. Chuck, can you give us a little bit more color? It seems like a significant lag relative to the
others? When do you expect that to normalize and improve?

And then perhaps a second question, more of a bigger picture one for you, Chuck. It's been clearly a very
difficult year all around. Maybe you can give us a little bit more -- the bigger picture perspective that
you have here about the company. In what ways Cisco here and now different in the way it operates and
thinks and moves going forward versus the Cisco of a year ago just before heading into the pandemic?
I'm trying to understand kind of the lessons learned and how they're implemented and impacting the
company. And how should we think about you differently going forward?

Charles H. Robbins
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Ittai, thank you. And look, first of all, I think that if you look at the customer segments, we saw
improvement across service provider, commercial and public sector. And we saw improvement in
enterprise, although it's still negative year-over-year.

But what I would tell you is from a vertical industry perspective, we did see positive movement from
industries that are not directly impacted by the pandemic. Think financial services, think manufacturing,
think technical services. And then those that are still in the midst of the pandemic continue to struggle,
hospitality, retail, transportation, energy. And so I think from that perspective, it gives us confidence that
as we come out of this thing that those industries that are being depressed by the pandemic will obviously
look to the future and will recover as well.

So the other thing that we've reflected on is that when we came out of the 2008 crisis, we saw commercial
lead and then enterprise followed. And it's just been a really good sign. The U.S. commercial business this
past quarter grew 6% from an orders perspective, which I think is a nice bounce. And obviously, it was
1% globally. But seeing that go positive gives us also confidence in the future of the enterprise following.

As it relates to the bigger picture, I think we've talked a lot about giving our customers consumption
flexibility. Earlier in my comments, I actually outlined 6 of the strategic pillars that we're all focused on. I'd
say that we are super optimistic about the progress we've made in the web scale space. We continue to
deliver on our software revenues, which were $3.6 billion this quarter, and again, 76% of it coming from
software. And I think that will only increase.

So I think that those 6 pillars, combined with more flexibility and consumption options for our customers
and continued transition to software and a continued focus on web scale and other growth opportunities is
what we're trying to do over the next 2 to 3 years.

Operator

Paul Silverstein from Cowen and Company.

Paul Jonas Silverstein
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

Scott, can you tell us what the rate of price degradation was? And in connection with that, any thoughts
in terms of the margin structure of the company at both the gross and operating line as to both resiliency
and even hopefully better as to upside in where you can drive that front?

Richard Scott Herren
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Paul. The pricing mix was really in line with what we've seen over the last several quarters.
And you'll see this next week, obviously, in the Q, but I'll go ahead and give you the data point. It was
1.6% for the second quarter, slightly better actually than what we had seen in Q1 and actually modestly
better than what we've seen over the trailing 4 quarters. So pricing mix was as expected during the
second quarter.

I think as you look longer term, gross margin is going to bounce around a little as it always does. I think
part of what is factoring into our view of gross margin ahead is the benefit of a greater mix of software
and services in there being somewhat offset by some of the supply chain concerns that we have right
now that I think you've seen not just from us, but from everyone who's building products that contain a
significant amount of semiconductor.

So we're doing what you'd expect us to do on the supply chain front. We are contacting all of our key
suppliers on that front. We're leveraging kind of the volume purchase that we have, extending that supply
chain further out, all with a goal of ensuring we can protect customer shipments. So there's a little bit of a
headwind coming in those lines from the -- just the supply -- the current supply chain.

Paul Jonas Silverstein
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Scott, I trust that the supply chain commentary, that's a transitory issue that's going to pass. If we look
beyond, assuming all goes back to normal, it sounds like if you net that out, there should be a positive
trajectory at some point.

Richard Scott Herren
Executive VP & CFO

I think that's right. I mean we've talked about growing the percent of our business, and you've seen
Cisco do a really nice job of growing the percent of the business coming from software and services. And
obviously, that comes through at a higher margin.

Operator

Pierre Ferragu from New Street Research.

Pierre C. Ferragu
New Street Research LLP

Scott, I have a question for you on your gross margin. I was just checking my model and I think the
66.9% you reported this quarter is actually a record for as far back as my model goes. I think it goes back
quite far. So congratulations for like a great start on that front.

And my question is actually, how should we think about gross margin in this transition you want to
accelerate and continue towards the cloud? Are we now in a phase where we should expect gross margins
to head up over time with ups and downs, of course? But should we expect like margin -- structural
margin expansion going along with your transformation?

Richard Scott Herren
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Again, Pierre, your model must go back to our fiscal 2006 because this was the highest gross margin
we reported since the second quarter of 2006. So you're right from that standpoint. And again, I would
just -- in terms of where this goes longer term, I expect there to be a little bouncing around over the next
couple of quarters given some of the supply chain concerns that everyone that's building product based

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

on semis and a slight headwind still from memory. But I think everyone in the market is going to see that
same set of trends.

Longer term, again, as we drive up the mix of software and services, that should have a positive impact
on gross margins.

Pierre C. Ferragu
New Street Research LLP

Great. And maybe if I have a quick follow-up on the same theme. You mentioned extending the transition.
What's up next for grab for you to evolve in the product portfolio to increase the share of technology that
you deliver as a service and cloud-based?

Charles H. Robbins
Chairman & CEO

Pierre, it's Chuck. I'll take that one. And Scott is pretty proud of the immediate impact he had by
delivering the record gross margins being here a very short time.

Pierre C. Ferragu
New Street Research LLP

I'm very impressed.

Charles H. Robbins
Chairman & CEO

Yes, exactly, high impact. So I think on the -- as you look at the as a service offerings, what we're going
to do is take -- we're taking intellectual property we have in our core enterprise portfolio. We're delivering
a lot of that as both cloud-delivered as well as cloud-managed. Think about what we've done with the
whole discussion we've had over the years about the Meraki platform and how we bring those capabilities
to the rest of the portfolio, taking technologies like SD-WAN and cloud security and integrating those
together and delivering those as a service, which, frankly, are uniquely capability -- that's a unique
capability that we have.

And so I think those are areas where you'll see that continue to move forward. In addition to -- anything
that we've sort of virtualized over the years, you can now deliver that as a service, anything that's pure
software. So we're looking at every aspect of the portfolio.

Operator

Jeff KVaal from Wolfe Research.

Jeffrey Thomas Kvaal
Wolfe Research, LLC

Yes. I'm hoping to ask two, I guess. First is, I'm wondering, could you help us understand better the
dynamics involved in the web scale progress, which product lines and what type of applications are you
into? Is that a Silicon One story? And then secondly, I was just wondering if you could help us with the
expectation for the durability of the public sector strengths.

Charles H. Robbins
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Thanks, Jeff. So let me start with the second one. The durability of the public sector, I think 2
comments on this one. Clearly, there's stimulus that's flowing both in the U.S. and around the world, and I
think that will continue for some period of time, obviously. And that's certainly helping.

But the other thing that I think has occurred over the last year is that countries have realized that they
have to invest in infrastructure and digital infrastructure and technology to be prepared for these sorts of
crises in the future. So I think that notwithstanding stimulus, I think the spending we see post-pandemic

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

will be greater than what we saw pre-pandemic. And in fact, some of these countries have come to the
conclusion that they need to take more dependency on themselves and less on some of their allies given
sort of what we've seen over the last few years. And so they're beefing up their technology investments
from that perspective. So I think net, once the stimulus goes out, I still think you see a positive segment
for a few years to come.

On the web scale front, I'll just take a minute to explain. We actually gave more information today than
we've given. And over the last few years, many of you have heard me say that this was a marathon, and
we had a lot of work to do. And what has become clear to me over the last 5 quarters is that the work that
our teams have put in over the last 5 years has begun to pay off. And so this quarter, we saw triple-digit
growth year-over-year in our web scale portfolio, as I said in the earlier comments. The prior 4 quarters,
I will tell you that the growth rates range from 17% to 74%. So it's been up for the last 5 quarters, as
we've talked about.

From a portfolio perspective, you asked, we're selling the 8000 series, which we announced in December
of 2019. We're winning 400-gig franchises. We are selling some silicon. We're selling our Catalyst 9K
candidly. We're selling the rest of the portfolio as well. And so it's been pretty broad-based relative to what
we are selling them. But we feel good about the investments we've made, the hard work we've put in.

And the last thing I'll tell you is that -- the other question you're probably going to ask is how material it
is from a size perspective. And I'll tell you that last quarter that we just finished, it was 25% of our service
provider segment. And over the last 4 quarters, it's averaged 21% of that SP segment. So it's gotten to a
point where it's meaningful. So that's why we decided to give additional information today.

Again, this business, much like the service provider business that we've talked about over the years will
have -- will be big deal-driven, big customer-driven, so will have a tendency to be lumpy. But I think if you
look at it over the course of 4 quarters, 6 quarters, 8 quarters, it's going to be -- it should continue to be
positive.

Operator

Rod Hall from Goldman Sachs.

Roderick B. Hall
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Yes. I had 2 as well. One would be, I guess, one of the most surprising numbers in here is the service
provider order growth rate of 5%. I think huge turnaround from last quarter. And I think you just gave me
part of the answer to that, Chuck. But just curious if you could dig into that in a little bit more color, what
drove that. Just a little bit unexpected for me.

And then the second thing I wanted to ask, back to you, Scott, on the FX impact. Is there any way you
could quantify those for us? Can you help us understand how the dollar move has affected, for instance,
revenue growth year-over-year and maybe margins as well? Just anything you can help us with on
quantification there.

Charles H. Robbins
Chairman & CEO

All right, Rod, I'll take the first one. On the SP space, so yes, if you look at what we saw in the quarter
from an order perspective, we saw positive growth in cable, which represents about 15% of the segment.
We saw triple-digit growth in web scale, which has represented 25% of the segment.

And then our telco business was down, and that's roughly 60% of the business. And primarily, that is
because of where we are in the stages with 5G. We have roughly 35 customers around the world that
we're working on 5G solutions with mobile backhaul, with orchestration, with packet core. And so we're
just early in that transition. And I think that particular sub-segment of SP will begin to show progress for
us as we see the core backbone build-out, as we've been saying over the last few years. And the good
news is we're seeing the backhaul stuff being built. We're seeing the packet core decisions get made,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

which means that the core network backbone decisions will be made and the fact that we are being --
having some positive success in the web scale space would give me a high degree of confidence that those
same products will bode well in the service provider space.

So I think this has been a tough segment for us for many, many years. And we're hopeful right now with
the web scale success and then with the 5G build-outs underway that this could be a tailwind over the
next few years for us.

Richard Scott Herren
Executive VP & CFO

And Rod, this is Scott. On the FX impact, as you know, in most markets, we price in USD. So there's
a limited impact from FX on the top line. But of course, with the weaker dollar, we have employees
worldwide. And obviously, you pay them in local currency. And so when you translate that back, it has -- it
creates a bit of a headwind for us on the OpEx side. I'm hesitant to give you an exact figure on that, but
just so you can understand the dynamics. That's the way it works. And it has created a headwind for us
during the second quarter.

Operator

Tal Liani from Bank of America Securities.

Tal Liani
BofA Securities, Research Division

I have 2 questions. One is just clarification from my understanding, and I'll ask it in a general way. What's
holding up the closure of Acacia and what will change now versus the delays we have seen so far? So
that's the easy one.

The second question is, I want to understand your outlook on a product basis rather than vertical. When
we focus on legacy switches and routers, can you discuss the trends that you're seeing for the next 4
quarters or the next kind of calendar year, where is the change? Meaning, what are the areas where you
see increase versus the previous 4 quarters?

Charles H. Robbins
Chairman & CEO

So Tal, I'm going to ask for clarification on the second one before I start. So are you talking about in the
enterprise space? Or are you just talking about what do we feel good about from a product perspective
over the next few quarters in general?

Tal Liani
BofA Securities, Research Division

Exactly. I'm trying to understand it at the product level rather than the vertical level.

Charles H. Robbins
Chairman & CEO

Yes, got you. Okay. So on the Acacia thing, I think it's quite clear what occurred. We didn't have China
approval. We thought we did. We didn't have it in time. So we renegotiated the price because our contract
with them had expired. And candidly, the performance they put up in the 18 months between our original
deal and this deal was pretty astounding, so the price was not out of the question.

And then we subsequently got Chinese approval, and I think, Scott, keep me honest, but I think they
have to get shareholder approval and the proxies out. So we expect that, that should happen. It will
happen during Q3, Tal. So China approval is done. There's no more approvals to get. It's just up to the
shareholder vote at this point. So we think that is in pretty good shape.

On the second front, let me just run through the portfolio, and I'll tell you sort of how I feel about
everything right now. So I think the -- if you look at the mass scale infrastructure, the service provider

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

portfolio, whatever you want to call it, where the 8000 is and some of the other stuff that's being built
for 5G and for 400-gig in the mass scale data centers, I think that portfolio is in really good shape. And
I would expect it to be a very positive contributor, not only over the next year, but over the next 2 to 3
years.

I think that there's -- if I look at the campus switching infrastructure, I think with customers beginning to
come back, they are going to look at upgrading. We've seen -- we saw significant growth last quarter in
demand for WiFi 6. Just to give you a data point that we don't disclose anywhere, but we had -- I think
our orders for WiFi grew 20% last quarter.

And what typically happens is that when you effectively put a lot of load on WiFi, like WiFi 6 is going to
accommodate, it's going to require an underlying infrastructure upgrade to accommodate it. And when
you add to that, the video load that will likely go on to these customers as they come back to the office
and put video in every conference room and continue to use video the way they've used it during the
pandemic, we think that will also be a driver. So I think we have the Catalyst 9K portfolio, the WiFi 6
portfolio, we feel good about as well.

The SD-WAN technology continues to move forward. We're seeing good growth there. And I think as
we deliver that technology as a service integrated with our cloud security, I think that's going to be a
differentiator for us.

Within the security portfolio, the teams are working on a couple of very differentiated tracks on strategy.
I'd say that we need -- I'd say we need another 6 months or so to see how that evolves. But I feel good
about what they plan to do. Our current portfolio is performing well, and they just need to execute. So we
have to see that. I think the teams have done an amazing job on what they've brought forward with the
WebEx platform.

Again, you have to remember in the applications space when -- there's probably a view on that, that
when it's not performing the way you would think -- you got to remember, all the phones are included
in that space, too. So while WebEx was up double digits, as Scott said, you've also got the drag of the
handset business that's in there as well. But I think the WebEx work and the pace of innovation, the
feature velocity, the suite aspect that they're looking at, I think the teams are doing a really good job. And
I think over the next year, you'll see us actually -- that portfolio will continue to improve, and I think we
have a chance to take share back.

What did I miss? And then we're working on things like full stack observability, which are somewhat
nascent. We're working on our edge service strategy, which is somewhat nascent. But I feel like the team
-- I think the portfolio is in probably as good a shape as it's been in a while, and we just have to execute.

Operator

Samik Chatterjee from JPMorgan.

Samik Chatterjee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Chuck, just wanted to see if you can dig a bit deeper into the demand drivers for the security segment
here, particularly, how have you seen customers respond to the recent events around SolarWinds. And
if we would have expected a bit more momentum on the security segment here, is that more to come?
Particularly, is it more going to be hardware or software that we should expect the demand from?

Charles H. Robbins
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I think that what we see across that portfolio is we had a really good quarter actually in network
firewall and cloud security. So it was a good quarter across the board, across the portfolio. And I think
what you'll see is that we're in the early phases, I think, of any positive impact that you would see from
the SolarWinds build-out because most of the customers are going in to assess like where am I, what have
I missed, what do I need, what caused me to miss what I missed. And then they're going to move from

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

there. So I think we're sort of in the midst of that right now with a lot of our customers doing those kinds
of assessments.

But it's been -- from the early parts of the pandemic, when we saw VPN technology being absorbed as
much as we could possibly build and then the network firewall and then combine that with the cloud
security, it just -- it feels like customers are consuming whatever security they can consume right now to
try to avoid those sorts of situations. So I would think that, that will continue to be positive for us.

Operator

Simon Leopold with Raymond James & Associates.

Simon Matthew Leopold
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

I wanted to ask first an easy one and then more of a thematic one. On the easy side, hopefully, is just
wondering if the supply chain constraints, your ability to get components, if that cost you any revenue in
the quarter, if you could quantify that.

And then in terms of the broader trend, maybe you could help me understand how you see the campus
environment developing. Because it sounds like you've highlighted a number of positives, getting back to
work, long legs in the Cat 9K cycle, WiFi sounds good, but I have to imagine there are some offsets as
well, maybe not as many people go back to work, legacy products rolling over. Just if you could build a
bridge on what's going on in campus over the longer term.

Charles H. Robbins
Chairman & CEO

All right. Scott, you want to take supply chain?

Richard Scott Herren
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. We didn't really see any impact on our ability to get product out the door during the second quarter.
The team has stayed on top of the supply chain scenario, and it's been evolving, as you know, throughout
the quarter. As we look ahead at Q3, that is something that is factored into our guide, both in the -- our
expectations on the top line and on the gross margin line. But it really hasn't been a -- in the second
quarter at least, it hasn't been a significant headwind for us.

Charles H. Robbins
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I think that our teams are doing a good job on that, on trying to buy ahead, trying to build inventory.
Our -- and I think that there's certainly some unknowns and it's certainly complex, but I think the teams
have done a pretty good job navigating it and it is built into the guide.

On the campus front, I think what I described is actually what I would expect for most customers. I think,
Simon, the question you ask is a philosophical discussion that we have a lot in that when customers go
back, what is it going to look like? Are more employees going to stay at home? Does that mean they're
going to shrink their footprint? Does COVID stay with us? Do people now believe that they want to be
-- they want to maintain somewhat of a social distance in the office even post-COVID until we really get
well beyond it? And does that mean you need more footprint? What's the future of shared space? Are
employees comfortable coming in and sitting in a shared space that someone else occupied the day before
or do they want their own space when they come in so that they feel safe in it?

And I think those are the kinds of things that we don't understand. But if I net it out, I don't think --
personally, this is my own opinion, based on customer discussions and everything else. I don't think that
some of the earlier beliefs in the pandemic where the early days is like no one's going to go back to the
office because we're actually productive at home. I think we sort of moved into that phase where people

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

actually struggle mentally. People are -- it's -- they're not enjoying it. One of our employees said to me
the other day, I don't mind the option of working from home. I don't like being forced to work from home.

And so I really believe it's going to be hybrid where people are going to work from home. And everybody
is sort of landing here where they work from home 3 days a week and then work from the office 2 days
a week or vice versa. The question is, what accommodations does that lead to for customers based on
employees' concern over space issues, concern over future pandemics or other concern? That's what we
just don't know yet.

But I do believe, based on what we've seen with WiFi 6, that tells me customers are getting ready. And
they're upgrading the wireless infrastructure now. And in the commercial space, we've seen a fair amount
of the follow-on with the switching. And hopefully, we'll see that in the enterprise space beyond this
quarter.

Operator

Tim Long from Barclays.

Timothy Patrick Long
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Yes. Two, if I could as well. First, maybe Chuck, on the Cat 9k, still doing very well. Just curious what you
think the impacts will be when some of the kind of earlier adopters licenses are coming due. So kind of
what impact is that? Kind of what inning are we in there?

And then second, on the cloud business. Curious kind of who you're winning against there. Is this against
your traditional competitors? Are you starting to see any wins back from white box or are you just serving
to maybe limit where white box can go with that cloud customer base?

Charles H. Robbins
Chairman & CEO

Tim, thanks. So on the Cat 9K, I think the way I would think about it is that the license -- I think you're
really asking about the renewal side of that piece, which in this fiscal year is not significantly material. And
I think I've said on a couple of calls before, it's really good, the size of it this year because it gives us a
chance to test our processes and our renewal value proposition, all that stuff because it's meaningful in
fiscal '22. So teams are working hard right now to try to get ahead of that and be ready for it.

On the cloud front, what I would say is that we are -- when we announced in December of 2019, we
had a launch -- the future of the Internet launch. We talked about that we would be -- we would sell our
customers systems, integrated systems. We would sell them silicon or we would sell them white boxes, I
mean, I'm sorry, our software. And we have all 3 of those scenarios actually playing out right now. So we
have customers who have standardized on our systems for 400 gig. We have customers who are testing
our silicon and actually putting it in white boxes, which is what we would expect them to do.

We have some customers running our software stack on their hardware. And so -- and the people we're
competing with, they would be quite evident to you, short of me calling them out. I think these are the
traditional players that have been successful in that space. And we talked a lot back years ago about the
fact that we missed the first wave, and we were going to work hard to be in a position when the 400-gig
transition occurred and try to work our way back in and earn that business back, and I think the teams
have begun to do that. So I'm really proud of what they've done.

Operator

Sami Badri from Crédit Suisse.

Marilyn Mora
Director of Global Investor Relations

Sami, are you on mute?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

Ahmed Sami Badri
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I don't think so.

Marilyn Mora
Director of Global Investor Relations

I can hear you now. We can't hear you before.

Ahmed Sami Badri
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay, perfect. Sorry about that. First question is for Chuck. One thing that I think has not come up in
this call is anything regarding 5G really. And for about year 3 in the telecommunications 5G cycle and at
this point, a lot of people are just trying to understand what's really the effect to the equipment supply
chain and how these telecommunication providers are going to consume equipment from those different
vendors.

And then the other question is for Scott. You do have some M&A that has already closed in fiscal 3Q, and
there are projections for other closures of deals in fiscal 3Q. Does any of the guide include acquired or
inorganic revenues? And if you're prepared to give us a breakout of organic versus inorganic, that would
be helpful.

Charles H. Robbins
Chairman & CEO

Let me take the 5G. I think what you're seeing right now is most of our customers that are working on 5G,
they've been building out the radio networks, they've been building out packet core capabilities, they've
been building out mobile backhaul. And in many cases, they're running these hybrid 4G, 5G backbones,
with some exceptions where you have like a stand-alone 5G network that's been built.

And in that case, what we participate in, in there, the packet core, for sure, mobile backhaul and some
elements of orchestration. And what we believe is that over the next couple of years as these providers
begin to build out a stand-alone 5G backbones and, in many cases, to serve up enterprise services, that
they will be making decisions on core upgrades to support the bandwidth and the traffic that's going to
load those networks. And I think that's when we believe we will see this -- most of the benefit from the 5G
build-out. So that's kind of where we are right now. And we're having good success in the areas that we
participate based on where they are in the life cycle of these networks. Scott, do you want to touch on the
M&A question?

Richard Scott Herren
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Sami, we did have a couple of acquisitions that closed during the second quarter, but they were
both quite small, strategically important, but not meaningful in terms of adding to the Q3 guide. We've
got some more meaningful ones that we do expect to close during the quarter. Obviously, Acacia would be
meaningful. We've got IMImobile, which we expect to close during the quarter, which will have some level
of impact on the guide. Neither of those are factored in at this point.

So as we get those closed -- and at this point, it's not exactly certain when they'll close, which is why
they're not currently factored into the guide. As those close, we'll give you some insight into what our
expectations are for them.

Charles H. Robbins
Chairman & CEO

All right. Just to wrap up, I want to thank everybody for spending time with us today. And again, just hope
that everybody stays safe as we work through what we're all hopeful is the beginning of the recovery. And

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

I think that from a business perspective, we continue to feel like that is definitely the case that we are in
the midst of a recovery, which gives us a lot of optimism.

I'm proud of what our teams have done. I'm proud of the innovation that we have built during this
complicated time. We have Cisco Live coming up at the end of March, where there'll be a lot of innovation
that we'll be announcing. And based on that and some of the performance that we see and the continued
improvement in our business, I remain fairly optimistic about where we are right now as we come through
this pandemic. So we look forward to talking to all of you on the next call. And Marilyn, I'll turn it back
over to you.

Marilyn Mora
Director of Global Investor Relations

Thanks, Chuck. Cisco's next quarterly earnings conference call, which will reflect our fiscal 2021 third
quarter results will be on Wednesday, May 19, 2021 at 1:30 p.m. Pacific Time, 4:30 p.m. Eastern Time. As
a reminder, we will be presenting and hosting meetings at several investor conferences over the next few
weeks, including the Goldman Sachs technology and internet conference tomorrow.

Again, I'd like to remind the audience that in light of Regulation FD, Cisco's policy is not to comment on its
financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through an explicit public disclosure. We now plan to
close the call. If you have any further questions, feel free to contact the Investor Relations day -- Investor
Relations team. Have a great day.

Operator
Thank you for participating in today's conference call. If you would like to listen to the call in its entirety,
you may call 1 (800) 391-9851. For participants dialing from outside the U.S., please dial (203) 369-3268.
This concludes today's call. You may disconnect at this time.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

