Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation 
NasdaqGS:CTSH
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, May 07, 2020 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.93

Revenue  (mm)

4220.96

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-06-2020 9:41 PM GMT

0.96

-

3.23

0.10

0.80

3.58

4.09

3865.96

16206.26

17240.96

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.92

1.05

1.04

0.93

0.94

1.08

1.07

0.96

2.17 %

2.86 %

2.88 %

3.23 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07,
2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Karen McLoughlin;Chief
Financial Officer

Katie Royce
Global Head of Investor Relations

ANALYSTS

Bryan C. Bergin
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Edward Caso;Wells Fargo
Securities, LLC, Research
Division;MD & Senior Analyst

Jonathan Lee
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Keith Frances Bachman
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Lisa Ann Dejong Ellis
MoffettNathanson LLC

Rod Bourgeois
DeepDive Equity Research

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07,
2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Cognizant Technology Solutions First Quarter 2020 Earnings
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And I will now turn the conference over to Katie Royce, Global
Head of Investor Relations at Cognizant. Please go ahead.

Katie Royce
Global Head of Investor Relations

Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. By now, you should have received a copy of the earnings
release and investor supplement for the company's first quarter 2020 results. If you have not, copies are
available on our website, cognizant.com. The speakers we have on today's call are Brian Humphries, Chief
Executive Officer; and Karen McLoughlin, Chief Financial Officer.

Before we begin, I would like to remind you that some of the comments made on today's call and some of
the responses to your questions may contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to
the risks and uncertainties as described in the company's earnings release and other filings with the SEC.

Additionally, during our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe
provide useful information for our investors. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures, where
appropriate, to the corresponding GAAP measures can be found in the company's earnings release and
other filings with the SEC.

With that, I'd now like to turn the call over to Brian Humphries. Please go ahead, Brian.

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Thank you, Katie, and good afternoon, everybody. Today, we have several topics to discuss with you as
a follow-on to our April 9 business update. These include a review of our first quarter 2020 results, an
update on COVID 19, a discussion on the Maze ransomware attack and an update on the strength of our
balance sheet and liquidity and how we will react to the new demand environment.

Let's start with the first quarter results. Revenue grew 3.5% year-over-year in constant currency to $4.2
billion. This includes a 50 basis points impact from the exit of certain content services business. Non-GAAP
EPS was $0.96, up 5% year-over-year. Karen will bring you through the details of the quarter.

While today's call had a full agenda given COVID-19 and ransomware updates, I do want to start with
some perspective on the commercial transformation program that we have been executing over the past
year. I'm pleased to state that we've been making solid progress against this initiative, and I want to
illustrate this progress with some data that we do not normally share. On a trailing 12-month basis, our
win rate is up hundreds of basis points. First quarter total contracts awarded grew 30% plus year-over-
year, with broad-based strength across all service lines, industries and geographies. This represents our
best quarterly performance since 2017.

Qualified pipeline growth was strong in Q1 and especially robust in larger deals, where we had solid
double-digit qualified pipeline growth versus the prior year period. This momentum speaks to how well
clients have embraced our strategy and have responded to our renewed sense of client centricity. It also
speaks to how our teams have embraced our focus on growth. Notwithstanding the quarterly earnings
backdrop that includes COVID-19 and ransomware, I do not want us to lose sight of these leading
indicators that reflect Cognizant's growing competitiveness.

Turning now to COVID-19, which, as you know, is having a severe humanitarian and economic impact on
society across the world. As we navigate this pandemic, our top priority remains the health and safety
of our own associates whilst maintaining continuity of service for our clients. Our perspective is that
COVID-19 is affecting the IT services industry on 2 dimensions: fulfillment and demand.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07,
2020

Let's start with fulfillment. After a strong start to the first quarter, our revenue slowed meaningfully in
March, reflecting the fulfillment challenges of shifting rapidly to a work-from-home environment across
our delivery centers. These challenges include people, IT, security and client considerations. Thanks to the
professionalism and diligence of our associates and the execution of our crisis management and business
continuity plans, we were able to ensure continuity of service for the vast majority of our clients in March
and early April.

As a testament to this, I have received numerous notes from clients recognizing the work of our
teams. While this was a gargantuan task and there were some speed bumps along the way, I want to
acknowledge our teams around the world who went the extra mile in testing circumstances to make this
happen. I will return to fulfillment efforts in a moment when I cover the ransomware attack on our internal
IT systems and in particular, its impact on our work-from-home enablement.

The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on demand is more multidimensional. While we are in a period of
great uncertainty, as a company, we expect the economic and human impact will be felt by companies
across the globe. While certain industries will be hit hardest, all industries will suffer. Smaller businesses
and those with weak balance sheets and liquidity will be particularly impacted. The demand impact will
be felt throughout 2020. And when a recovery materializes, certain markets such as the U.S. will rebound
quicker.

As indicated on our April 9 update, we've seen some delays in cancellations of projects and discretionary
spending and select request for furloughs, rate concessions and extended payment terms from our clients.
While our outlook for 2020 has been meaningfully altered, we are nevertheless confident that we will
weather the storm given our business mix. For example, since more than 60% of our business is in
financial services and health care, we are less exposed to some of the hardest hit industries including
travel, hospitality, retail and automotive.

International markets, which tend to rebound more slowly, represent just 25% of our business. And
we are primarily exposed to Global 2000 clients, which we believe will be more resilient than smaller
companies. We also have great confidence in the strength of our balance sheet and liquidity. While we will
be prudent in this uncertain economic backdrop, this confidence allows us, nonetheless, to invest in M&A
to accelerate our strategy and bolster our capabilities. More on that later.

More broadly, the pandemic shock waves have spurred clients to accelerate their digital transformation.
Clients are looking for ways to modernize their business, accelerate innovation, become more elastic and
agile in the face of business uncertainty and generally, reimagining their businesses for the new normal.
More major IT trends such as core modernization, data modernization and cloud adoption will accelerate.
These secular trends play to our refined strategy and make it more relevant than ever. In short, while
2020 will be a challenging year given COVID-19, we are confident that our industry, geographic and
customer segment mix, our balance sheet, our momentum and our digital imperatives and our growing
competitiveness will allow us to compete well on a relative basis regardless of the macro environment.

Let's turn now to the Maze ransomware attack, which we announced in April. We responded immediately
by mobilizing our entire leadership team, drawing on the expertise of our IT and security teams and
bringing in leading cybersecurity experts to help us investigate and respond to the attack. We also
contacted appropriate law enforcement agencies.

From the start, we decided to communicate forthrightly and transparently with our clients. In addition
to hundreds of individual client calls conducted by our security organization, cybersecurity experts and
our executive team, we held 2 client conference calls in April. Retaining client trust is of paramount
importance. So we erred on the side of overcommunicating the details of what we knew and how we
are working to contain and mitigate this incident. We proactively provided clients with Indicators of
Compromise or so-called IoCs, namely forensic data, a company can use to identify potentially malicious
activity and defend against attacks from external actors.

Earlier this week, in our third conference call with clients, we confirmed the containment of the
ransomware attack. While we are pleased to have reached this important milestone, the ransomware
attack will nevertheless negatively impact our Q2 results for 2 reasons. First, the attack encrypted some

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07,
2020

of our internal systems, effectively defaming them. And we proactively took other systems off-line. This
disruption included both select systems supporting our work-from-home enablement such as VDI and
the provisioning of laptops that have been expected to further increase our work-from-home capabilities
in April. Second, in the wake of the ransomware attack, some clients opted to suspend our access to
their networks. Billing was therefore impacted for a period of time, yet the cost of staffing these projects
remained on our books.

With the ransomware attack now contained, we've restored VDI and automated laptop provisioning.
Further, with previously ordered equipment now physically in India and distribution constraints less
restrictive per the latest state directives, we are now substantially work from home enabled. In addition,
following the containment of the ransomware attack, we have meaningfully progressed in addressing the
concerns of clients that have suspended our access to their networks. We expect to substantially complete
this by the end of the month.

We expect the vast majority of revenue and margin impact from the ransomware attack to be in the
second quarter. However, ongoing remediation cost will ensue through subsequent quarters. We will
disclose this financial impact to you on a quarterly basis to ensure appropriate visibility.

Ransomware attacks are becoming all too frequent across industries. We are using this experience as an
opportunity to refresh and strengthen our approach to security. We're already applying what we've learned
to further harden and strengthen our security environments, and we are further leveraging our external
security experts to help inform and guide our long-term security strategy. Cybersecurity will continue to be
a top priority for us in the years ahead.

As you'll recall, during our COVID-19 business update on April 9, we withdrew guidance for 2020. Before
I pass the call to Karen, I want to draw your attention to the fact that we entered the year with cost
assumptions built to support revenue growth acceleration. These assumptions no longer hold true in light
of the fact that nobody can predict how long the current macro environment will persist. So we're faced
with a great deal of uncertainty on many levels, including our own cost structure.

Having come through a challenging 2019 when promotions and salary increases were delayed, as a
leadership team, we've decided to take a nuanced approach to 2020. We aim to invest in the business
by protecting and developing digital skills, continuing to build out our commercial team and continuing
to correct the employee pyramid by onboarding approximately 20,000 entry-level hires. Meanwhile, we
aim to significantly decrease other costs, including corporate overhead, travel, marketing, relocations and
noncommercial lateral hires.

Services companies habitually rely on so-called bench policies to rightsize their associate base to reflect
market demand. Against today's COVID-19 backdrop, we feel that traditional industry bench policy do
not adequately address the interest of impacted employees. Consequently, any employees impacted by
demand/supply imbalances may benefit from extended medical coverage and exit packages through the
end of the third quarter.

Karen will now take you through the details of the quarter and provide updates on our balance sheet,
liquidity and cost initiatives. After that, I'll return to provide some closing remarks before we take Q&A.

Karen McLoughlin;Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Brian, and good afternoon, everyone. First quarter revenue of $4.2 billion grew 2.8% year-
over-year or 3.5% in constant currency, including a negative 50 basis point impact from the exit of certain
content-related services. We saw strong momentum across the business in January and February, with the
initial impact of COVID, particularly on the fulfillment side, starting to impact the business in the middle of
March.

During the first quarter, we also took a fresh look at our definition of digital revenue and have better
aligned it to our digital imperatives. Substantive changes to the definition include the addition of certain
platform solutions and the removal of certain content services work. Based on this new definition, digital
revenue as a percentage of total revenue was approximately 41% for the first quarter and grew by
approximately 19% year-over-year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07,
2020

Moving to the industry verticals, where all of the growth rates provided will be year-over-year in constant
currency. Financial Services growth of 1.8% was driven by banking, including strong performance in
Europe attributable to the Samlink deal and regional banks in North America. Weakness persisted across
global accounts, particularly in capital markets and insurance.

Moving on to Healthcare, which grew 2.7%. Performance was led by strong double-digit growth in life
sciences in Europe. Within our Healthcare vertical, revenue declined low single digits as the headwinds in
North America we highlighted in 2019 continued to impact the business in Q1. However, contract signings
in Healthcare were a meaningful contributor to the overall strength in bookings that Brian mentioned in his
comments.

Products and Resources growth of 5.3% was driven by manufacturing, logistics and retail and consumer
goods and partially offset by softness in travel and hospitality. Roughly 60% of this segment represents
revenue within the travel and hospitality and retail and consumer goods industries, which have
experienced the earliest impact of COVID-19 given restrictions in travel and lack of foot traffic within
retailers.

Communications, Media and Technology grew 6.3%, led by strength in communications and media clients
in North America, where momentum from late in 2019 continued driven by an increase in demand for
services in core modernization and cloud transformation services. However, we expect this vertical to see a
meaningful deceleration this year, particularly with entertainment clients exposed to studios, cable TV and
theme parks. Although technology continued to outpace total company performance, growth decelerated
due to a negative impact of $23 million from our decision to exit certain portions of our content services
business. This impacted our CMT segment growth by approximately 390 basis points.

Moving on to margins. In Q1, our GAAP operating margin and diluted EPS were 13.7% and $0.67,
respectively. Adjusted operating margin, which excludes restructuring and COVID-related charges, was
15.1%. And our adjusted diluted EPS was $0.96. COVID-related charges were $6 million in the quarter,
which included $5 million of the expected $25 million total related to the previously announced onetime
salary adjustment in April that we gave to certain employees in India and the Philippines.

Our GAAP margin improved year-over-year given the India Defined Contribution accrual in Q1 of 2019.
However, our adjusted operating margin, which excludes this impact in the prior year period, was down
90 basis points year-over-year as investments in sales hiring, higher incentive-based compensation as
well as an approximately $30 million to $35 million COVID-related revenue impact in March resulting from
fulfillment challenges caused by the rapid shift of our employee base to safely work from home. These
increased costs were offset by savings from items such as lower T&E and the favorable movement in the
rupee.

During the quarter, we continued to execute against the 2020 Fit for Growth Plan, which is designed to
improve our cost structure and fund investments aligned with our long-term growth strategy. In Q1,
we incurred $35 million of charges as part of this plan. Based on the actions taken since the program
inception, we have achieved over $250 million in annualized run rate savings. Additionally, as part of the
Fit for Growth Plan, we continued the exit of a subset of our content services business, accounting for $11
million of the $35 million of charges in the quarter. We continue to expect the ramp-down of this work to
occur over the next several quarters, with the majority of the work expected to be ramped down exiting
2020.

In total, our estimated revenue impact of $225 million to $255 million on an annualized basis is
unchanged. In Q2, we expect a negative year-over-year impact to revenue of approximately $50 million.
As a reminder, the content services business is within the Communications, Media and Technology
segment.

Now I would like to spend some time talking about how we are managing the business in light of an
uncertain revenue trajectory and increased cost related to COVID and the ransomware incident. Entering
2020, we had certain demand and revenue assumptions to which we aligned our cost structure. The new
reality of the demand environment and the anticipated costs associated with COVID-19 and remediating
the ransomware attack required us to make further adjustments. Since the trajectory of recovery in

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07,
2020

demand remains uncertain, we must be prepared for various scenarios over the coming quarters and
manage costs accordingly.

As a leadership team, we have spent the last several weeks discussing those scenarios and implementing
action plans. In the near term, there will be other COVID-related costs, which we will continue to
identify separately, including the remaining $20 million of the $25 million related to the onetime salary
adjustment in April for certain employees in India and the Philippines, costs to establish work-from-home
environments for employees.

Additionally, part of planning as a leadership team is to contemplate the future workplace environment
and be prepared to return our employees safely to this new reality. It is likely that there will be
incremental costs in the near term as we prepare to exit the lockdown periods. These costs could include
not only equipping certain employees to work from home on a more permanent basis but also retrofitting
existing facilities to accommodate a lower density ratio amid new social distancing norms and other
business continuity-related costs.

As we think about mitigation efforts, our near-term focus is on, first, addressing variable cost. We
are a people-based business, and employee-related costs, including compensation and benefits plus
subcontractors, make up over 80% of our total cost structure. We are ratcheting down variable cost,
both people and nonpeople-related costs, through actions such as reduced T&E, relocation, recruiting and
immigration-related costs, reduced spend on events and marketing, prudently managing our subcontractor
mix, deferring certain annual wage increases and promotion cycles. We are freezing lateral hiring across
all functions. However, we will continue to move forward with our sales hiring plan and other key positions
and honor all outstanding accepted offers, deferring the timing of our trainee start date in India to Q3
from Q2. However, this will continue to be dependent on lockdowns and school schedules across India.

Tightly managing utilization is another way that we will more closely align with a lower revenue trajectory.
As you might imagine, we have seen a significant decline in voluntary attrition in recent weeks. This, when
compounded by a reduction in demand, will naturally lead to utilization levels lower than what we believe
is necessary to support the business in the near term. In this scenario, we will accelerate the further
development of employees with skills aligned to our key digital imperatives, which we expect will align
with client demand when an economic recovery emerges.

At the same time, we are aware that there are likely to be employees who are or will become unutilized for
whom we do not foresee those opportunities. As always, we are committed to treating these employees
with fairness and dignity, which in the current environment will also include providing extended health and
other financial benefits to ease their transition.

Accordingly, between now and the end of the third quarter, we expect to incur additional realignment
charges associated with these enhanced benefits. And we now expect net headcount to decline in 2020
versus 2019. The size and timing of these charges will unfold as the demand environment becomes
clearer.

It is also critical in this environment to continue to execute our Fit for Growth Plan, which thus far has not
experienced any material delays from COVID. We still expect the majority of the actions to be complete
by the middle of this year and result in gross savings of over $450 million in 2020 and annualized gross
run rate savings of $500 million to $550 million in 2021. We continue to expect charges to be in the $150
million to $200 million range.

Now turning to the balance sheet. Our cash and short-term investments balance as of March 31 stood
at $4.3 billion, up approximately $860 million from December 31. This balance now excludes the
approximately $400 million of restricted deposits related to our tax dispute in India, which has been
reclassified as long-term investments on our balance sheet.

We further strengthened our financial flexibility by drawing down $1.74 billion on our revolving credit
facility on March 23, 2020. This brought our outstanding debt balance to $2.5 billion. Additionally, we
have paused our share repurchase activity as our focus will be on targeted M&A and preserving liquidity.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07,
2020

Overall, we feel that our balance sheet is very healthy and provides us the flexibility needed in the current
environment to run the business while continuing to invest.

We generated $385 million of free cash flow in the quarter. DSO of 74 days improved 2 days year-over-
year, reflecting improved collections from several large accounts. On a year-over-year basis, free cash flow
also benefited from lower incentive-based compensation, which is paid out in the first quarter. In addition,
restructuring charges resulted in approximately a $50 million cash outflow in the quarter, although this
was mostly offset by onetime items as a result of certain favorable contract renegotiations.

We do anticipate an increase in DSO for the remainder of 2020 as we have granted certain clients in
significantly impacted industries extended payment terms for a short defined period. As we have seen
in prior downturns, standing by our clients in times of trouble serves us well in protecting the overall
partnership. At the same time, we are also reviewing our own vendor relationships, and we'll continue to
pursue opportunities to drive both cost and cash flow efficiencies.

As we discussed during our business update call on April 9, given the limited visibility in our markets,
we do not feel it is appropriate to offer either Q2 or full year 2020 guidance. While we are not able to
predict with any certainty the length of disruption or depth of the economic impacts from COVID-19, we
are operating the business with the following assumptions.

First, that the demand environment remains highly volatile and uncertain in the near term. We expect
client focus in the near term to be on critical systems and infrastructure to enable their core operations.
Discretionary projects or those without a quick payback, we expect, will be delayed. We see this
significantly challenging in the second quarter but also the remainder of the year. We are currently
planning for a slow transition back to normalcy and expect year-over-year challenges to continue, at least
through Q1 2021. We expect the demand will be most impacted in travel, hospitality, retail, automotive,
energy and media and entertainment, which are collectively just over 20% of total revenue. But we do
also anticipate a broad slowdown across our other industries.

As Brian mentioned, the ransomware attack in April negatively impacted our work-from-home enablement
schedule. As a result of this ransomware attack, our Q2 revenue and margins will both be negatively
impacted. While we anticipate that the revenue impact related to this issue will be largely resolved by the
middle of the quarter, we do anticipate the revenue and corresponding margin impact to be in the range of
$50 million to $70 million for the quarter.

Additionally, we expect to incur certain legal, consulting and other costs associated with the investigation,
service restoration and remediation of the breach. While we have restored the majority of our services
and we are moving quickly to complete the investigation, it is likely that costs related to the ransomware
attack will continue to negatively impact our financial results beyond Q2.

While we have already begun taking action to address costs across the company, there is a lag on the
timing of any savings from these actions. Therefore, we expect adjusted margins to decline sequentially
and remain below the 16% to 17% range provided in our February guidance, which we have since
withdrawn on a full year basis. We anticipate that our Q2 adjusted operating margin will be the lowest
quarter of the year given the combined impact of COVID-19 and the ransomware attack.

So to wrap up, while COVID-19 and the ransomware attack will negatively impact our 2020 financial
performance, we are very pleased with the progress we are making, not just with the cost alignment
part of our Fit for Growth program, but also the continued progress we have made with hiring new sales
resources and the traction we have seen in win rates and first quarter total contract signings. We look
forward to providing you with further updates as the year progresses.

With that, I will turn the call back over to Brian to further discuss our recovery plan in a post-COVID
world.

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07,
2020

Thank you, Karen. Let me wrap up by saying that Cognizant is built on financial strength and flexibility,
unwavering client centricity that have earned us the enduring trust of clients and 290,000 talented
associates who once again proved their grit, selflessness and determination in recent weeks.

While 2020 will be a challenging year given COVID-19, we are confident that our industry, geographic and
customer segment mix and our balance sheet, our momentum in the digital imperatives and our growing
competitiveness will enable us to compete well on a relative basis, regardless of the macro environment.
The post-COVID world will create new norms and hasten trends to highly mobile, virtual and personal
world. We won't just be talking about teleworking but rather remote everything, from digital workflow to
design to e-commerce, e-banking, education and telemedicine. Against this backdrop, our strategy to win
in the digital battlegrounds of AI and analytics, digital engineering, cloud and IoT become more relevant
than ever.

We will continue to use M&A to accelerate the execution of our strategy. On Tuesday, we announced an
agreement to acquire Collaborative Solutions, one of the world's largest Workday consultancies. With its
rich expertise and leading position in the Workday ecosystem, Collaborative Solutions will expand our
opportunity in cloud by establishing a new practice in this large, fast-growing market. The acquisition
brings key skills to Cognizant and differentiates us in the market, especially against Indian pure-play
competitors. The acquisition also complements the capabilities we've been building out in our Salesforce
practice.

We've come through a lot so far this year. Through this, we've always sustained our focus on our client
centricity and our determination to execute our strategy. Our increased commercial momentum in the
first quarter affirms that our strategy, our solution portfolio and our renewed vigor is resonating well with
clients. While the COVID-19 and the recent ransomware attack has been a setback, I am confident that
Cognizant will emerge strongly from these challenges.

Of course, no one knows how long the pandemic will last, only that eventually will fade. Certainly, the
business world will be quite different from what it is today. I've been here long enough at Cognizant to
know that we will rise and surmount this challenge and come out the other side stronger. We'll keep our
culture strong through this period. The spirit of teamwork and collaboration on the vast scale that I've
seen from our associates during the crisis are, I believe, the direct result of our company's deep-seated
and shared sense of purpose. Come what may, it's in our DNA to help our clients succeed.
And with that, operator, we can open the call for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07,
2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] The first question is coming from the line of Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson.

Lisa Ann Dejong Ellis
MoffettNathanson LLC

Good to hear your voices. Brian, thanks for the visibility on some of those sales metrics in the first quarter.
You highlighted the 30% increase in total contracts awarded. You've made a number of changes to
Cognizant's go-to-market model since you joined Cognizant. Can you highlight what changes have been
making this difference or driving this early traction you're seeing? How far along are you on this journey?
And are there particular service lines or project types where you're seeing particular traction at this point?

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Yes, Lisa. So look, we made a significant amount of changes from a go-to-market point of view in the last
year, but it really kicked in, in Q1 of this year because a lot of work was needed before we could actually
determine how to best deploy this. And that includes a different sales compensation model, which shifted
more compensation to variable comp away from fixed compensation. It included a resegmentation of
clients into a RAD model, which is a sophisticated methodology to deploy resources against accounts that
you are currently in, where you're trying to farm versus hunt new logos.

It also required us to build out extensive new relationships with partners who need to become very much
part of our ecosystem. And on top of that, of course, we have been in the process of hiring 500 revenue-
generating resources and/or supporting resources, which could include commercial pricers, lawyers, et
cetera. And we're about 60% through that.

But let's not overlook the fact as well, just the notion of getting the company back focused on growth,
focused on client centricity and getting the vigor back into the company to tap into something that
fundamentally is in our core DNA is very, very important. We've been doing that for a period of time
now. We've also made some leadership changes. We've really tried to hone in on client centricity in the
leadership team, starting with myself. And that's what I believe has led to the significant momentum
we've had in the first quarter. And I would say even for some of our larger industries like insurance,
banking, health care, that momentum has actually continued into the month of April, albeit not at the
really robust strength that we saw in the first quarter.

But the 33% growth in the first quarter is our strongest bookings since 2017. It was actually very broad-
based across all industry segments, across North America as well as our international markets, which we
term global growth markets. And then from a service line point of view, our digital business was up in
excess of 50%, and digital operations and our third service line systems and technology also had robust
growth.

And I really feel good, by the way, about our digital offerings. We have really strong capabilities now in
cloud. You've seen us build out those capabilities with a series of acquisitions in the last year, 3 Salesforce
Platinum partners; and more recently, this week, Collaborative Solutions, which is the establishment of
a Workday practice in Cognizant. Salesforce and Workday tend to go hand in glove in clients that have
embraced cloud, and we feel that a strong alignment behind companies that are growing 20%, 30% year-
over-year is obviously very important for Cognizant's growth rate into the future as well.

So I feel very, very good about our commercial momentum and the progress we're making. Now of
course, then we're hit with COVID-19, which fundamentally changed the growth trajectory in the month
of March. But we're going to deal with that. And as I said on the call, we are, from my perspective, as well
positioned as anybody to deal with it given our business mix. And we'll come our stronger on the other
side.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07,
2020

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Edward Caso with Wells Fargo.

Edward Caso;Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division;MD & Senior Analyst

I was wondering if you could give us a little bit more color on the ransomware attack. Sort of when did
it first appear. Was the takedown of the credit line related to that? And what sort of -- you talked about
great awards in Q1. Has this slowed down that favorable TCV momentum?

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Ed, it's Brian. So the ransomware attack hit us prior to the work-from-home enablement. We saw what
was happening. And as we were trying to shut it down, we were faced with, therefore, a ransomware
attack. And we had 3 calls with clients, 2 in the month of April and then one last week and -- where we
acknowledged containment.

The credit line or the line of credit drawdown had nothing to do with this. This simply gives us optionality.
We already have a very strong balance sheet, as you know, strong collections, as Karen indicated, in the
quarter. So frankly, it's nothing to do with ransomware.

The TCV growth in Q1 was independent of ransomware. I don't believe ransomware had any meaningful
impact on our business momentum. Certainly, we had an impact in the month of -- the latter part of April
and early May as the ransomware attack had effectively disabled some of our internal systems that have
been encrypted, which impacted some of our work-from-home enablements. And indeed, certain clients
had opted just ahead of an abundance of caution to isolate themselves from our network.

But given we have contained the virus by working night and day candidly internally as well as working
with leading cybersecurity partners, including Mandiant, and of course, the federal authorities, we are now
in a better position. And clients on a daily basis are, again, freeing us up. So I think that will be felt from
a revenue and margin point of view for the most part. The vast majority will be felt in Q2. Thereafter, I
imagine we're well half of that.

That said, we will continue to spend money in Q3, Q4 and beyond to further strengthen our security
framework. So revenue and margin impact is more in Q2. Cost impact will continue a little bit through the
rest of the year.

But Ed, I think we handled the ransomware attack as well as one can in these circumstances. We chose
to be very deliberately client-centric by having 3 client conference calls, by doing hundreds of client
calls with the executive team and our security team and indeed Mandiant in the days throughout this
period by being as forthright and transparent as we possibly could. And nobody wants to be dealt with a
ransomware attack. I personally don't believe anybody is truly impervious to it, but the difference is how
you manage it, and we try to manage it professionally and maturely.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Bryan Bergin with Cowen.

Bryan C. Bergin
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

I hope you're all doing well. I wanted to ask on client behavior, really, just what you're seeing over the
last 2 weeks versus the spending appetite in early and mid-April. Any semblance of stabilization in any
verticals yet? And can you just comment on the types of programs that are moving forward?

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Bryan, I don't think there's any stabilization per se. Budgets, from my perspective, were being revised
downwards throughout all industries. Certainly, some industries will be hit more than others.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07,
2020

I think digital remains a priority. Virtual work, virtual key -- virtual health care, education, banking, e-
commerce, you name it, remains, of course, top of mind for people in today's environment. The shift
to SaaS continues. Digital engineering continues, by definition, to fuel some of those capabilities. But I
would say projects with short-term paybacks continue, but anything that is deemed discretionary is being
delayed. We have seen some request for furloughs, rate concessions, et cetera, but not a meaningful
amount.

And I would say in the same vein, we are still seeing some pretty substantial opportunities out there,
including captive opportunities. And as I referenced in my prepared remarks, pipeline shape on a qualified
basis actually looked reasonably healthy as we exited Q1 and even now after the month of March.

So we are being very opportunistic here. We are making sure we fine-tune our offerings to take advantage
of the new norm that we're in today. We have work streams lined up behind that. And of course, we
continue to push our digital imperatives, which are from my perspective firmly and squarely into the area
of the market where growth will continue, if not accelerate, into the foreseeable future. And that includes
data modernization and cloud applications, generally, including SaaS and indeed core modernization.

So we feel well positioned, but it's a particularly difficult environment to call at this moment in time.
There's not a lot of visibility. And clients are, I think, obviously, being cautious.

Operator

The next question is from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I have a follow-up and then a question. Just a follow-up to Lisa's question. Just on the sales signing
success, are you seeing an uptick in sole-sourced deals given your investments in sales? Obviously, the
win share is up against a bigger pipeline, but it sounds like maybe the sole-sourced piece could be up. Just
curious on that. And then just it sounds like, Brian, your M&A appetite is still there. Should we expect a
pause given everything going on? Or are you still pretty active with the M&A?

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

I don't think we see a lot of sole-sourced per se, but I will say we have seen some renewals where
we've had the opportunity to renew without those contracts being up for bid or tender. And that's been
on the basis of very strong delivery and strong client satisfaction, and frankly, a very strong executive
engagement, which has been quite intentional over the last year. But as ever, clients are always looking to
extract value for money. And of course, they also want to sleep well at night, so they want to work with
partners who honor their commitments and deliver well.

I'm feeling good generally, however, about our momentum in the field and our competitive positioning.
Our win rates are improving, as I said. Our contract bookings speak for themselves. If it was one vertical
or one service line, I wouldn't quite be so adamant about this. But I genuine feel as though we've made
tremendous progress in the last year.

From an M&A perspective, I'm fortunate to be blessed by a Board who are very supportive of the project
we're undergoing. We have a clearly defined strategy. The M&A transactions that we have made in the last
year have been against a defined strategy that was blessed by the Board last September. We will continue
to obviously monitor collections and monitor our liquidity as well as our balance sheet, but we feel very
comfortable in our current position. And I will say we will continue to conduct M&A transactions, albeit
in a prudent manner. We want to conduct transactions that solely fits and are squarely aligned to our
strategy and that we have confidence that we have the right leadership team in place to integrate them
successfully.

Operator

The next question is from the line of Keith Bachman with BMO.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07,
2020

Keith Frances Bachman
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

And Brian, congratulations on a good March. It seems pretty clear in the absence of COVID that Cognizant
was on a very good path for 2020. My question is I want to dig a little bit, at least around some context
associated with margins over the next couple of quarters and what the puts and takes are. You mentioned
that Cognizant is on a journey to invest, including the sales reps that you mentioned. Karen listed a
number of things that were incremental -- sounds like incremental cost savings. And I just wondered if the
way to think about the dollar amount of incremental cost savings associated with those new areas since
the advent of COVID, just so if we can at least try to think about where the margins might be.

And Karen, part B of that is, as you think about the malware situation, will those costs for remediation --
will those be non-GAAP out? In other words, would those be GAAP charges but would be taken out of the
non-GAAP results? And that's it for me. Just any other comments, Brian, on how we should be thinking
about margins for the next 2 quarters, in particular.

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

So Keith, I'll tee it off, and then maybe Karen can jump in. And it's okay, Karen. We're obviously not in the
same location today. Keith, thank you, first of all. I do feel that we did have momentum that was building
as we exited Q4. January and February were particularly strong. I felt, candidly, we were well on track to
have a very strong quarter relative to Wall Street expectations. And then, of course, March arrived with
COVID.

As Karen will attest, the change in dynamics was relatively abrupt obviously because -- first and foremost,
because of fulfillment, where in countries like India, we had 4 hours. We had obviously triggered a
business continuity plan weeks ahead, but the ultimate decision to lock down India came with a 4-hour
notice. So we -- like many services companies, I imagine, we're scrambling to fulfill work-for-home
capabilities via encrypted desktops or laptops or remote VDI, et cetera.

So that hurt us from a fulfillment point of view. And as such, you have cost without the revenue. Similarly,
that compounded itself in the first few weeks of -- the first week of May and the last few weeks of
April when yet again, not only were we dealing with COVID, but then we had a ransomware attack that
encrypted servers, which actually took out some of the work-from-home capabilities that we had enabled
in the prior weeks and also slowed our ability to enable further work from home because of some of the
systems and tools we would have used to automate and provisioned laptops were no longer functioning.

So we had a perfect storm in which we still had costs without revenue. And on top of that, when you
have clients who disconnect you from their network for a period of time until such time as you contain the
malware, yet again, you want to keep those skill sets ready to reengage as soon as clients permit you to
reengage.

So I think what you'll find in Q2, we had the perfect storm of cost without revenue. And of course, then
you have to adjust to reflect the demand/supply imbalance. And that is ultimately, I think, what will hurt
our margins in the foreseeable future. And then, as Karen will tell you, of course, we want to protect skills
like digital skills. And of course, therefore, we want to take out any so-called no-regrets costs to try to
mitigate that. But Karen will give you a little bit more details.

Karen McLoughlin;Chief Financial Officer

Sure. Thanks, Brian, and thanks, Keith. In terms of the ransomware question that you asked, we will
not be adjusting that out of our non-GAAP. So those costs will stay both in our GAAP and our non-GAAP
margins as they continue through the rest of the year. We will, however, as we've done in the past with
other similarly large unusual transactions, try to call those out on a quarterly basis if they're meaningful so
that investors will see what that cost looks like.

And as Brian said on the margin side, obviously, there are a number of things that happen very
quickly and where we can move to take cost or cost gets eliminated or doesn't happen such as T&E

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07,
2020

and Salesforce, which, like others, we started to see the benefits of in late March. Obviously, because
people aren't physically at work at client sites, they're not relocating, and we don't have to worry about
immigration and other things as people are moving around the country and so forth. And then as we
mentioned in my prepared remarks, while we will continue to honor all of the outstanding offers that
have been accepted, we have, for the most part, shut down much of our hiring. And so recruiting costs
obviously go away along with that.

But I think as we've talked about in this business, obviously, when there is a revenue slowdown, it
depends what's the cost of that revenue as to what happens to your resources and your utilization
rates. As Brian talked about with things that we think are short term such as we had with the fulfillment
challenges with COVID late March, early April and then more recently with the ransomware, clearly, we
want to hold on to those resources so that they can continue to deliver services to clients as that work
comes back up. And we certainly want to make sure through this time that we protect our digital skills and
use this opportunity to continue to enhance and develop digital skills across the company. But certainly,
it is not unlikely that utilization will hit levels below where we think they should be to run the business
for the foreseeable future. And then obviously, we'll have to make some adjustments and modify the
headcount accordingly for the organization.

As we said, we don't expect to be in the margin range that we had previously guided to back in February.
We do think margins will be below the 16% to 17% range for the year and for each of the quarters
throughout the year. And we would expect the Q2, because of the issues with ransomware, will be the
lowest quarter of the year.

But we will remain on track with our Fit for Growth Plan. We have made good progress through the first
quarter and had generated between Q4 and the first quarter of this year over $250 million of annual
savings already, and we'll be on track for the $450 million as we go through the rest of the year to begin
to set ourselves up as we move into 2021.

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

I will say, Keith, just to conclude on this point, I felt as though very much the story was on track. The
commercial momentum was starting to build. The Fit for Growth was well on track. And I would say then
we suffered a micro event, which is our ransomware attack, which we have dealt with since. And then, of
course, we're faced with a macro environment because of COVID-19.

In the absence of those, I would say the story remains very much consistent with what we've been
saying for the last year, which is differentiating between the cost versus an investment, trying to pivot
the company back towards a growth story and making sure we have a refined strategy that we can invest
behind and execute well to unlock more shareholder value creation. And that certainly will be the playbook
we will go back to.

And I'd like to think we'll come out of this storm well given the business mix, given our balance sheet,
given our liquidity and with even a leaner cost structure given the environment we're going through in the
meantime. Hopefully, we can continue the commercial momentum at least on a relative basis and then
come out of this strongly.

Operator

The next question is from the line of Rod Bourgeois with DeepDive Equity Research.

Rod Bourgeois
DeepDive Equity Research

So the payer subsegment of your Healthcare vertical has been weak for a good while, while the life
sciences subsegment has been strong. We actually entered 2020 thinking this was the first time in a
while that you could be in a better place to grow the payer subsegment of your Healthcare vertical.
So my question is looking beyond the immediate crisis on a more secular basis, are you starting to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07,
2020

see opportunities for better relative growth in the payer subsegment or maybe you were seeing better
opportunities and now COVID is making that murky? But I'd like to ask for any color on that, if you can.

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Ron, look, we had an outstanding first quarter in Healthcare from a bookings point of view, triple-digit
growth. And by the way, we also had growth into the month of April on a year-over-year basis as well.
And I've been particularly pleased to see the breadth of wins we have seen in the payer area but also,
frankly, even in the provider area. So it feels to me that we were starting to turn a quarter in Healthcare.
And as you know, once we hit Q2, we will anniversary the tougher compares that we hit last year because
of some of the consolidation in the industry.

So we still have work to do, of course, to continue to sharpen our pencils on our strategy, but I feel as
though we had made very good progress. We have a leadership team that's very engaged, and we seem
to have growing momentum with our major clients.

Okay. I think we'll take one more question.

Operator

That is from the line of James Faucette with Morgan Stanley.

Jonathan Lee
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

This is Jonathan on for James. I want to ask about what you're seeing on work that's being canceled
versus the type of work that's being deferred? Are you seeing a difference in that type of work? I know
discretionary work is off the table. But can you help dimensionalize relative to your service lines what's
been considered discretionary now?

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Look, it's highly nuanced. It's client by client, but I would say things that have a long payback tend to be
pushed out at this moment in time. Some change requests or anything that's so-called discretionary that's
not being critical, it's certainly being pushed out.

But we have seen good momentum, as I said, in our digital engineering business. We feel very good about
our cloud momentum. And actually, we've had great receptivity to this week's announced acquisition of
Collaborative Solutions. So I think it's back to the core element that the secular trends that have been
in the market, from my perspective, will accelerate as clients try to have a much more agile, modern
infrastructure and ultimately try to take advantage of the data that they have accumulated over the years
to really try to have a much more modern perspective in terms of how they think about individuals. And I
truly believe we're moving to a mobile, a virtual and a truly personal world on a go-forward basis.

Okay. I think with that, we're at the top of the hour. So I'd just like to thank you for joining. I know it
was a complex earnings call because not only did we talk about Q1 results, we also touched upon the
COVID-19 implications, the ransomware attack and how we've dealt with that and a little lens into the
future.

I would just want to wrap up by saying the following things. I truly feel that we're more competitive than
we have been, as evidenced by win rates, as evidenced by our pipeline growth, as evidenced by 33%
bookings, our highest momentum since 2017. Yes, it is true that COVID brings a great deal of uncertainty,
but I believe our business mix and indeed our growing competitiveness will help us on a relative basis
come what may.

Ransomware attack is regrettable. It is contained. I believe we managed it well. We've had good client
feedback. We've been transparent. We were forthright. The impact is on revenue and margin primarily

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07,
2020

in Q2. There will be some residual costs that we will incur in Q3 and Q4 as we continue to harden and
strengthen our security position, and that is an absolute no-regret spend.

Fundamentally, our strategy is sound. It resonates with clients, and you're seeing that show up now in our
numbers. And last but not least, we're 100% focused on executing that strategy. And our client centricity
is greater than ever, and we expect to accelerate out of the corner once we get through COVID-19.

So with that, I'd like to thank you for joining us.

Operator
Thank you. This concludes today's Cognizant Technology Solutions First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference
Call. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07,
2020

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

