Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation 
NasdaqGS:CTSH
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, May 05, 2021 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.90

Revenue  (mm)

4246.66

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-27-2021 2:51 AM GMT

0.94

4363.52

3.64

3.98

16726.25

17861.42

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.93

0.69

0.90

0.90

0.96

0.82

0.97

0.67

3.23 %

18.84 %

7.78 %

(25.56 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05,
2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Jan Siegmund
Chief Financial Officer

Tyler Scott

ANALYSTS

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Bryan C. Bergin
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Keith Frances Bachman
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Lisa Ann Dejong Ellis
MoffettNathanson LLC

Rod Bourgeois
DeepDive Equity Research

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Unknown Analyst

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05,
2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Cognizant Technology Solutions' Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call.
[Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn this conference over to Mr. Tyler Scott, Senior Director of
Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. Thank you. You may begin.

Tyler Scott

Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. By now you should have received a copy of the
earnings release and the investor supplement for the company's first quarter 2021 results. If you have
not, copies are available on our website, cognizant.com. The speakers we have on today's call are Brian
Humphries, Chief Executive Officer; and Jan Siegmund, Chief Financial Officer.

Before we begin, I would like to remind you that some of the comments made on today's call and some of
the responses to your questions may contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject
to the risks and uncertainties as described in the company's earnings release and other filings with the
SEC. Additionally, during our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures that we
believe provide useful information for our investors. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures,
where appropriate to the corresponding GAAP measures, can be found in the company's earnings release
and other filings with the SEC.

With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Brian Humphries. Please go ahead, Brian.

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Thank you, Tyler. Good afternoon, everybody. I would like to start today's call by addressing the
humanitarian crisis in India. As many of you know, India is the heart of Cognizant, and home to more than
200,000 of our associates. I would like to express my support and solidarity for our Indian associates,
wherever they are in the world, and my sympathy for any who have suffered a loss during the pandemic.

In addition to the ongoing support of our associates, which includes home care and hospitalization
assistance, vaccination cost reimbursement for our associates and their families, and making vaccine
availability easier for those with disabilities, Cognizant is making a multimillion dollar investment to assist
India through the crisis. This is focused on covering operational expenses at hospitals throughout India
that are caring for COVID-19 patients; funding the efforts of UNICEF in India to deploy oxygen-generation
plants, COVID diagnostic testing and medical supplies; and partnering with one of India's leading hospital
chains to set up vaccination centers in locations across the country, including some of Cognizant's owned
facilities.

The impact of the pandemic on industry attrition rates, absenteeism and client delivery remains somewhat
uncertain. We monitor our situation daily, and we'll continue to prioritize the health and safety of our
associates, while serving our clients who have been particularly supportive in recent weeks.

As the COVID situation differs throughout the world, our return-to-office strategy remains country-
driven. Currently, almost all of our associates are working from home and business travel remains on an
exception-only basis.

Let's turn now to the first quarter. First quarter revenue was $4.4 billion, representing growth of 2.4%
year-over-year in constant currency. Although we executed well in the quarter and delivered against our
expectations, revenue upside was limited by elevated attrition, reflecting the intensely competitive market
for digital talent that we spoke about in our last earnings call. This put some pressure on salaries as rows
were filled by lateral hires or contingent workforce. And in some cases, commercial opportunities were
forgone due to an inability to source talent.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05,
2021

To address retention challenges, we've been executing a multipart plan that includes stepping up our
internal engagement efforts and increasing investments in our people through training and job rotations
to provide opportunities for career growth; shifting to a quarterly promotion cycle for billable associates;
and implementing further salary increases and promotions for high-demand skills and critical positions;
and ramping our hiring capacity by adding hundreds of recruiters, and making 28,000-plus offers to new
graduates in India, a new record.

Daily resignations increased through the first quarter, peaking in March. On a positive note, resignations
slowed in April and continued to slow in May. However, given 2-months' notice periods in India, we
anticipate further sequential increases in attrition in Q2 and before a gradual recovery in the second half.

Notwithstanding industry attrition challenges, we remain confident in Cognizant's standing as a magnet for
skilled talent and a great place to build a career. In recent quarters, we've seen a meaningful increase in
our brand perception in the talent market in India. For example, our compass acceptance rates amongst
India's top engineering colleges has risen to more than 80% this year, up almost 10 percentage points
since 2019. In addition, LinkedIn just ranked Cognizant a top company in both the U.S. and India based
on traits like the ability to advance, skills growth and gender diversity, all of which are consistent with
enabling professionals to grow their careers. In India, LinkedIn ranks us #2 among 25 leading companies.
This honor follows Forbes Magazine recently naming Cognizant to its list for World's Best Employers and
Best Employers for Diversity.

Moving on, I'm pleased with the health of key leading performance indicators. For example, digital
revenue growth accelerated to 15% year-over-year. Digital now represents 44% of our revenue mix.
Bookings growth of 5%, which was strong considering outstanding December bookings and a tough
prior year compare. Year-to-date bookings growth has since been boosted by excellent bookings in April.
I'm confident that our sustained book-to-bill ratio of greater than 1.1x revenue provides us with the
opportunity to further accelerate revenue growth.

Finally, our qualified pipeline and win rates are strong and give us reason to be bullish.

Turning now to our industry sectors. Financial services declines moderated. Leading performance
indicators, including digital mix and qualified pipeline have both improved in both insurance and banking.
Our turnaround efforts are ongoing, and we expect Financial Services to continue to recover over the
course of the year.

I'm pleased with the growing momentum in our Healthcare business. We had a strong quarter with growth
across our payer and life sciences businesses and improving trends within our provider business. Over the
past 18 months, we've refreshed our product strategy and better aligned our investments with market
priorities. We recalibrated our product road maps to focus our core platforms and cloud enablement,
customer experiences, digital workflows and automation. This intensified pivot to digital has resonated
well with both existing clients and prospects, enabling us to achieve double-digit growth in our software
product business.

Products and Resources continues to be affected by the pandemic. Declines in retail and consumer goods
and in travel and hospitality were offset by continued double-digit growth in manufacturing, logistics,
energy and utilities.

Communications, Media and Technology posted solid growth when normalized for the exit of elements of
content moderation. Jan will provide more details on the quarter in his prepared remarks.

Let's turn now to the macro environment. Our client conversations suggest a robust and resilient IT
services demand picture for 2021 and beyond. This is fueled by business model innovation, customer
experience investments, technology modernization, risk mitigation and efficiency initiatives, all driven by
hyperscale road map and commercial investments.

Creating better experiences is at the center of the digital economy. That's what clients are most interested
in, how to orchestrate technology, data and design to make their employee and customer experiences
more productive, intuitive, relevant and valuable. A good example is the work we've been doing with
Papa John's International, one of the largest pizza delivery chains in the United States. We helped Papa

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05,
2021

John's transform its order operations into a centralized model that enables hyper-personalized offers for
customers. We did so through an end-to-end intelligent cloud-based omni-channel solution powered by
advanced analytics in 750 of its stores initially before being expanded to 1,500 stores given early success.

This solution resulted in a revenue uplift of more than 15% per order, significant productivity
improvements and halving the time between order placement and delivery. It's also improved the
experience of Papa John's employees by lowering their stress from multitasking while freeing up staff to
focus on serving guests.

The shift from traditional to a software-centric business requires clients to transform their business
processes and their IT architectures in parallel. This starts with engineering a new digital stack, enabled
by software and consumer-grade apps that sit on intelligence, drawn from sophisticated data sets, all of
which need to be instrumented and run on cloud platforms. Within this new stack, we see particularly
strong opportunities to help clients in modernizing their applications, data and infrastructure. And as you
can imagine, this is driving increasing demand for our digital engineering and cloud solutions portfolio.

Our overriding aim is to help clients become modern businesses. That way, they can innovate faster,
become more agile and above all, stay relevant to their customers. In that vein, we're collaborating with
Inchcape, a U.K.-based automotive, distribution and retail leader to digitally transform and simplify their
global finance and accounting infrastructure and services. We're applying machine learning, data analytics,
RPA and advanced business process services to drive efficiencies and enable Inchcape to make faster and
smarter business decisions.

Moving now on to strategy. We remain focused on executing the strategy with 4 related priorities: building
a stronger global brand, further globalizing Cognizant, accelerating digital and increasing our client
relevance. I've covered these priorities in prior calls, so I'll just offer a few broad observations about our
execution.

We strengthened our portfolio and sharpened its focus on faster-growing markets and geographic
segments. All of our offerings are aligned to the market and name that providing the capabilities clients
want most, like accelerating cloud migration, enabling omnichannel commerce, unlocking value from data
using AI and ML, creating modern mobility experiences and more. As cloud computing has changed the
way IT is delivered across infrastructure applications and platforms, we've continued to strengthen our
relationships with the world's leading hyperscale and SaaS companies.

With our dedicated business groups from Microsoft, AWS and Google Cloud platform, we can help clients
run their core applications and create more agile workflows in the cloud. We're also maintaining our M&A
pace to further expand our capabilities in our key digital focus areas of software engineering, data and AI,
cloud and IoT.

In Q1, we acquired Servian, an Australian enterprise transformation consultancy, specializing in
data analytics, AI, digital services, experience design and cloud. We also acquired Linium, a cloud
transformation consultancy group specializing in the ServiceNow platform and solutions; and Magenic
Technologies, a custom software development services company that expands our global software product
engineering network.

During the quarter, we signed an agreement to acquire ESG Mobility, a digital automotive engineering,
R&D provider for connected autonomous and electric vehicles. ESG mobility complements our existing
connected mobility offerings and our automotive industry presence.

Before closing, I want to spend a moment on ESG, environmental, social and governance. The public
health, economic and societal damage wrought by COVID-19 have caused most businesses to reflect
deeply on what they owe their stakeholders. In keeping with our purpose, we tried to be a modern
corporation that is responsive to the many larger contexts in which we operate, among them, societal,
environmental, economic and technological. And that's why the principle of sustainability is so important
to us. It speaks to our interdependence with local communities and global ecosystems.

During Q1, we announced a 5-year $250 million global philanthropic investment to advance economic
mobility, educational opportunity, diversity and inclusion and health and well-being in communities as

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05,
2021

they emerge from the pandemic. We also recognize how much we must evolve to become a sustainable
business. To do so, we will embed ESG into our thinking, decisions and actions. This is a multiyear
endeavor, and one of increasing importance to our clients, associates and indeed you, our investors. To
mark our progress along this journey, we're planning a series of announcements that will include the
publication of Cognizant's 2020 ESG report later in the second quarter.

In closing, we continue to successfully execute our strategy. We are bullish in the industry and our
prospects within it. We're working diligently through a multiyear plan to reposition Cognizant to achieve its
full growth potential and reestablish our company as an industry leader. As we do so, we are committed
to make the necessary investments that will set us up for sustained momentum. With that, I'll turn the
call over to Jan, who will cover the details of the quarter and our financial outlook before we take your
questions. Jan, over to you.

Jan Siegmund
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Brian, and good afternoon, everyone. Our Q1 revenue was $4.4 billion, representing growth
of 4.2% year-over-year or 2.4% in constant currency. Compared with the prior year period, this includes
approximately 300 basis points of growth from our acquisitions and a 90 basis points of negative impact
from the exit of certain content services.

Digital revenue in Q1 grew approximately 15% and represented 44% of total revenue versus 39% in the
prior year period. We were pleased with this growth acceleration compared to Q4, particularly in light of a
competitive hiring environment for digital talent.

Now moving on to segment results where all growth rates provided will be year-over-year in constant
currency. Financial Services declined 1.7%, reflecting more moderate declines in both banking and
insurance, in line with our expectations. We are seeing early signs that the investments and repositioning
of both businesses are resonating with our clients. This includes Financial Services bookings growth
outpacing total company bookings growth in Q1 and a solid pipeline growth. We continue to expect a
pace recovery for this segment over the next several quarters and anticipate that we will see positive
momentum throughout the year.

Healthcare growth was 7% and accelerated from last quarter, driven by strong performance in both our
health care payer and life sciences businesses. Following strong performance in last quarter, in Q1, our
Healthcare business had its best year-over-year growth quarter since 2018, benefiting from increased
demand for our integrated payer software solutions and improving fundamentals in our provider business.
Life sciences revenue continued to benefit from strong demand for our digital services among both
pharmaceutical and medical device companies.

Products and Resources increased 2.4%, driven by the fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth in
manufacturing, logistics, energy and utilities. This growth was partially offset by mid-single-digit declines
in retail consumer goods and double-digit declines in travel and hospitality. We have seen some early
signs of stabilization within these sectors most impacted by the pandemic, but it remains a fluid demand
environment.

Communications, Media and Technology grew 3.1%, including a benefit from recent acquisitions, but
was partially offset by a negative 600 basis point impact from our exit of certain portions of our content
services business. Outside of this impact, we are very pleased with the growth of our core portfolio of the
technology business and expect continued solid growth for the remainder of the year. Segment growth
was also partially offset by the demand softness attributable to the pandemic.

Now moving on to margins. In Q1, our GAAP and adjusted operating margin were both 15.2% as there
were no adjustments for unusual items to report. On a year-over-year basis, adjusted operating margin
improved approximately 10 basis points, reflecting lower travel and entertainment expenses, savings from
our cost initiatives in 2020 and lower immigration costs. These benefits were mostly offset by investments
impacting our SG&A, including the margin-dilutive impact from our recent acquisitions, investments

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05,
2021

to accelerate organic growth and corporate investments, including enhancements to our cybersecurity
environment.

Our GAAP tax rate in the quarter was 24.1%. And our adjusted tax rate was 23.7%, aided by a discrete
benefit of a tax settlement in the quarter. Diluted GAAP EPS was $0.95 and adjusted diluted EPS was
$0.97.

Now turning to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with cash and short-term investments of $2.2
billion or $1.5 billion net of debt. Free cash flow in the first quarter, our seasonally softest quarter, was
$93 million and included an approximately $50 million negative impact from unique items in the quarter,
including the payment of a portion of our 2020 COVID tax deferrals. Q1 also includes the payment of our
annual cash incentive which was higher this year compared to the 2020 payment. DSO of 70 days was flat
sequentially compared to the 74 days in the prior year period.

As a reminder, in 2021, we expect free cash flow will be lower compared to 2020 as a result of several
benefits from 2020 negatively impacting '21, including government offered deferrals of certain tax
payments, which impacted Q1 and will also impact cash flow later this year and the higher cash incentive
payout this quarter versus Q1 2020 I just mentioned. Our outlook for 2021 is unchanged and assumes
free cash flow conversion will be around 100% of net income as we focus on building upon the DSO
improvements achieved last year.

During the quarter, we continued to execute our balanced capital deployment strategy, repurchasing 3.1
million shares for $234 million at a weighted average price of approximately $76 per share. At the end of
March, we had approximately $2.6 billion remaining under our share repurchase authorization. We also
spent cash of approximately $300 million on acquisitions and $128 million for a regular quarterly dividend.

Turning to guidance. For Q2, we expect revenue in the range of $4.42 billion to $4.46 billion, representing
10.5% to 11.5% growth or 8% to 9% in constant currency based on our expectation that currency will
have a favorable approximately 250 basis points impact and inorganic contribution of approximately 400
basis points. This outlook assumes some stabilization in financial services and continued pressures across
retail and consumer goods, travel and hospitality and communication and media. Keep in mind that Q2
2020 included a combined impact of COVID and the ransomware attack, which is leading to easier year-
over-year compares for all segments in Q2 2021 and growth levels above our full year outlook.

For the full year, we now expect revenue of $17.8 billion to $18.1 billion, representing 7% to 9% growth
or 5.5% to 7.5% in constant currency versus our prior guidance of 5.5% to 8.5% growth or 4% to 7% in
constant currency, reflecting the improving macro environment and strong demand for our offerings. Our
outlook assumes an unchanged expectation that currency will have a favorable approximately 150 basis
points impact and includes approximately 300 basis points of contribution from inorganic revenue.

Moving on to margins. We expect full year adjusted operating margin in the range of 15.2% to 15.7%
versus 15.2% to 16.3% previously, primarily reflecting increased investment in our people and recruiting
for digital skills. This includes rapidly accelerating our recruiting capacity, implementing quarterly role-
based promotions and leveraging our contractor ecosystem. We're also using it as an opportunity to
enhance our employee value proposition and keep Cognizant as a top destination for talent globally.

This leads to our full year adjusted EPS guidance, which is unchanged at $3.90 to $4.02. Our full year
outlook assumes interest income of $20 million to $30 million, which is unchanged from our prior
guidance and reflects the $2.1 billion cash repatriation in Q4 2020. Our outlook assumes average shares
outstanding of approximately 530 million and a tax rate of 25% to 26%, both unchanged from our
prior outlook. Our guidance does not account for any potential impact from events like changes to the
immigration and tax policies.
With that, we will open the call for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05,
2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of James Faucette with Morgan Stanley.

Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Bergin with Cowen.

Bryan C. Bergin
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

I wanted to ask on the situation in India. Can you just frame how you're thinking about the potential
impact this may have on the business in the near term? And I wanted to confirm is there nothing built into
the outlook right now on a potential revenue disruption? And on the margin front, same kind of question,
is there anything built in as far as those incremental costs that you may have framed here to support the
workforce and the population?

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Bryan, it's Brian here. So let me just touch upon this. First of all, I think it's really important for us to
acknowledge it is a humanitarian crisis, and we've been prioritizing the health and safety of our associates
and, of course, their dependents and hoping that they stay safe as they work essentially from home at
this moment in time. And as I said in my script, we're doing a series of things to help in terms of medical
expense support, free vaccinations, covering expenses in hospitals, working with UNICEF, et cetera.

To the question around in terms of how I think about the impact on the business, I think about the
humanitarian side as being relevant, but candidly, the business side of the hot market is, in some regard,
more meaningful in the sense that most of our attrition and the resignations we talked about, were
happening in prior months, which are leading indicators of Q2 attrition and the end of Q1 attrition. And all
of that was happening in a period when the COVID situation in India was substantially less severe than it
is at this moment in time. So we are working through, obviously, our business operations, working with
our teams who are working remotely. It's a challenging environment, of course, and it's a stressful and
emotional time for our associates and their families.

The impact, Bryan, on attrition rates and absenteeism and client delivery remains somewhat uncertain.
We look at it on a daily basis. We have our crisis management teams involved. We've created a COVID
delivery risk management process, which allows us to initiate remediation actions. We're required to
review the status of our delivery portfolio, project by project, where possible, to shift work between
offshore or nearshore and on-site teams.

But I will say clients have been incredibly supportive as we go through this. I've received a series of e-
mails from clients who are wishing us the best of luck and certainly not putting a lot of pressure in the
system at this moment in time. The financial impact of our actions is assumed in our guidance. And that
is assumed off of what we know today, which is today's rates of absenteeism and today's resignations that
we've seen. It is unclear whether attrition will actually slow because of this or whether attrition will go
up or stay stable, but it will potentially go up because of absenteeism. But to date, our guidance includes
what we know to date. To date, we feel as though our guidance is appropriate.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Rod Bourgeois with DeepDive Equity Research.

Rod Bourgeois
DeepDive Equity Research

Okay. Great. So Brian, you're a very full 2 years into your leadership role at Cognizant. When you started
at Cognizant, there were some meaningful management challenges there waiting for you. You're now
navigating a pandemic with multiple ways across regions, so it's definitely been an eventful 2 years.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05,
2021

In that context, I'd like to ask if you can grade Cognizant's underlying progress, the progress that you've
made over the last couple of years. And if there's a way to decipher between internal progress, market
progress, financial progress, I'm assuming those dimensions may be progressing at different stages. But
overall, it would be helpful to hear how you'd grade Cognizant's last 2 years in its progress.

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Thank you, Rod. It's a comprehensive question in nature. But yes, I would echo the word an eventful
first 2 years given the transformation agenda, the leadership changes required as part of that, a global
pandemic, a ransomware attack, of course, and now a war on talent that is happening in the midst of the
humanitarian crisis in India. I would say, first of all, it's a team sport. This is about 300,000 associates
pulling in one direction. I'm truly pleased with the executives I've got around me these days. We're all
eager to show what we can do, and hopefully, I believe, can become an iconic leadership team together
in the years ahead. And I've also been supported by a terrific Board, who've been 100% behind our vision
and our strategy of the company.

As I'm answering your question, I will start by saying I inherited a great company and a company of
great pedigree and a company with a growth DNA and the company with proud employees. But it is
clear that the company had not been hitting its stride in recent years. So I asked our organization to pull
together to help me operationalize a broad transformation agenda, which included strategy, structure,
commercial transformation, delivery, optimization, cultural elements. I also asked the company to help me
with a restructuring program that we weren't used to, but it would allow us to free up capacity to make
investments in growth in our systems and in our people.

And this is a growth company, and we needed to restart the engine. And of course, as part of that, you
have to go through the corporate strategy. Who are we? Who do we want to be? That leads to portfolio
adjustments, both exits such as content moderation as well as meaningful M&A aligned to the corporate
strategy. And of course, within that vein, we've also doubled down on partnerships, including hyperscalers.

And all of this was just a means to an end to set out to build a pipeline, to accelerate bookings and,
ultimately, to get the company back to industry-leading growth because I think growth will ultimately
make the P&L work again. So we're certainly in the middle of a lot of this. I will say I'm more confident
now than ever that we can do this, and I believe we're on track and we've made great progress.

Internally, now to go to your framework, look, we've got a clear purpose, vision, a set of values. We've
got a clear strategy. We've got a more competitive portfolio that is aligned to our strategy. We've got a
better talent philosophy, including D&I, which is critical in a knowledge-based business. We progressed on
important things like sustainability, cybersecurity. I think we're getting our belief back and test them to
that as the notion of employee engagement hit multiyear highs in 2020. Although we are fully aware that
we've got more work to do on our employee value proposition and indeed, of course, on attrition.

Commercially -- and when I'm answering your question on markets, I'm not talking about Wall Street. I'm
going to talk about commercial markets as in our clients. We've overhauled our commercial team. We've
increased the sophistication of the team. I think we went back to our tuna box model, where we got tight
alignment between commercial and delivery. We've refined our customer segmentation strategy, so we
know who are the clients that we need to partner with deeply. We've implemented a more refined variable
compensation program. We've refreshed our talent to ensure we can represent the entire portfolio and
address client pain points beyond the CTO or CIO.

And I'm excited as to how we're now being seen by clients, Rod, to be honest. We're no longer necessarily
just being viewed in the build or operate space. We've got growing reputation and recognition in digital
and cloud following our M&A strategy. And that is now showing up in sustained book-to-bill ratios in excess
of 1.1, which I feel is critical to drive the revenue growth rate that I'm aspiring to drive, and our qualified
pipeline and win rates are as healthy as they have ever been.

Now all of that leads ultimately to financial outcomes. And I don't think the true benefits of this are
yet visible. We have seen the margin dilution of the investments, commercial hiring, IT security

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05,
2021

modernization, M&A, dilution, some brand investments we're making. Of course, we continue to
review the trade-offs between revenue growth and margin expansion. But I will say we expect to see
revenue benefits on the back of the bookings momentum. And margin should improve each year for the
foreseeable future, albeit with a balanced approach to trade-offs between revenue growth and further
investments to drive a sustained outperformance versus the competition. So in short, a lot of work, and I
look forward to great years ahead.

Rod Bourgeois
DeepDive Equity Research

Great. And just a quick follow-up that kind of dovetails with some of the things you mentioned. It seems
attrition is a top of the list of things to address at this stage. Can you just speak to what you see as the
root factors causing the attrition and your confidence in being able to fix that?

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Look, it's a 2-edged sword. We've seen a V-shaped recovery as an industry, and Cognizant certainly has
after a weak March, April last year. We snapped back immediately. And that leads with a skill shortage. So
it's an industry problem. I think you've seen that in the earnings cycle to date. Of course, I caution people
to compare attrition rates between various competitors. We include BPO, and our calculation is current
quarter annualized, which is the worst of all world at this moment in time versus some peers exclude BPO
and look at attrition on a rolling or in the last 12 months, which includes some lower levels of attrition
because of COVID.

But Rod, I think about our attrition, which went up 200 basis points sequentially against 2 parameters.
One is macro considerations. The market is extremely competitive at this moment in time. There are
supply/demand imbalances across cloud, across digital engineering, across data. I sense that the work-
from-home environment has given people, let's say, less sense of community. And I also see, obviously,
the build-out of captives, which tend to pressurize salaries. And then on top of that macro backdrop, I
think we have some Cognizant considerations as we continue to transform the company.

We're driving towards a culture of meritocracy and a performance culture. We're evolving more towards
a global or sometimes local workforce, which is in line with client expectations but also in line with
regulatory policy around the world. And in some regards, we're late to some of those elements. And so
we're dealing with some of the pain that others have dealt with previously.

I will say I'm 100% confident we're actively managing attrition as best we can. I'm pleased to say that
attrition peaked in March, slowed in April and continues to slow in May, albeit early days in May. We've got
a lot of work streams around employee engagements, training, job rotations. We've taken the decision
to invest more in targeted salary increases and promotions and shifting to quarterly promotion cycles
for billable associates. And we've added hundreds of recruiters in the last 4 months. And we're making a
record number of 28,000 offers to new graduates in India, which is up from 17,000 hired in 2020. And I
think in 2018, we may have actually not even hired any gen Z graduates into Cognizant.

So we're doing the right thing to address attrition. And of course, in the meantime, we're working to
manage the salary inflationary elements of this. As Jan pointed out, P&A expectations in the second half
of the year are lower than previously anticipated. So that will temper some of the downsides. But in the
same vein, these are investments that I think will help stem attrition, which will give us more productive
hours in our employees. And in the same vein, of course, we've got other levers at our disposal to manage
salary inflation, be that on offshore or nearshore mix, pyramid optimization, delivery industrialization,
including automation, methodologies, templates and the like.

Procurement leverage for subcontractors. We've got a new Chief Procurement Officer coming on board
soon. And of course, everything else we're doing as we evolve the company against the line of work that
we actually sell and deliver as we shift from staff augmentation towards managed services and project-
based delivery transformation that brings different considerations as well.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05,
2021

So we know what we need to do, and we're on it. And as I said, I think we'll see sequential increases in
attrition based on the resignations in the last few months because there is a 2-month notice period in
India. So we have a strong understanding as to what attrition will be in Q2. But that's been factored into
our model and into our guidance. And in the meantime, we've been hiring at record pace given the extra
recruiters we've put to work.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi.

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

So a couple of things. I guess I might have missed this, but can you quantify the revenue growth you
were not able to get solely because of the talent shortage? And then when I think of head count growth, in
spite of the hiring, head count growth still at relatively low sequential levels. Is it a question of these folks
have not yet joined? Or is that the net number because of the attrition? And could you separate out what
is digital head count growth versus overall head count growth?

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Well, head count grew about 5,000 people year-over-year, but Ashwin, that excludes subcontractors and
contingent labor, and they have increased sequentially and year-over-year materially. It's not a number
we disclose. But we have turned to, obviously, external sources, both lateral hires and subcontractors
and contingent labor as we've been working through the attrition situation internally, nor do we break out
digital versus nondigital head count.

I mean to be very clear, you can have somebody working in a test -- with testing capabilities, they can
work on what could be viewed as legacy projects. But in the same vein, as part of an agile squad, they
could be working on something around -- something as familiar as a frequent flyer website, which some
of the work we do around experience and software product engineering there it's not viewed as legacy, it's
certainly viewed as digital. So it's very hard to classify workforce between legacy and digital.

With regards to the opportunity costs, look, we're not quantifying that, but certainly, it's material that I've
talked about. And when I review countries, there's hundreds of basis points of growth in some cases that
we could have had. In other cases, it's less. But it's been a pain point for us throughout the quarter. We
talked about attrition being a worry in our last quarter because we could see resignation rates, and we
can see what's happening in the industry as people are doing their best to putting counter offers to stop
resignation. And I'm glad we anticipated it, and we set appropriate guidance, and we're doing the same
this time around.

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Could you comment also on the potential for greater use of technology to decouple revenue and head
count growth?

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Well, that's the holy grail, of course, in some regards. But a lot depends on the way you're running your
business and the businesses you're winning, whether you're in a BPO-type business or a tech services-
centric project. We have a huge effort underway around automation, not just in delivery but also some
very exciting IP that we have been developing that, hopefully, we'd be able to talk about in the next
quarter or so that I think will completely set us apart in the industry. So it is a holy grail.

Of course, you've also got to think about the pyramid. I talked earlier about adding 28,000 offers for
freshers into the bottom of the pyramid this year. The bill rates of those will be very different than bill
rates of onshore delivery. So it's very difficult, in a succinct way, to decouple revenue growth from head

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05,
2021

count growth because there are so many factors at play. But rest assured that the industrialization of
delivery, including automation, is top of mind for us.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Keith Bachman with BMO.

Keith Frances Bachman
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Brian, I want to direct this to you, if I could. I want to understand how you're thinking about growth.
You've obviously given guidance for the year, but I wanted to see if you could put some context of maybe
even some philosophical views on longer term. You're guiding to basically 3% to 4% organic constant
currency growth, maybe a little bit closer to the 4% if we take out or normalize for the Facebook business.
And how should investors be thinking about that growth potential longer term?

And a, if you could talk a little bit about how the pipeline growth looks now, what are some metrics that
you could provide us? Also in terms of, b, the capacity that you see for incremental M&A from here,
whether it's the ability to -- the financial resources and/or the management resources to keep driving
M&A. And then finally, c, I was hoping you could touch on financial. It's still candidly serving as an anchor
to your growth rate, not in a positive way, but limiting your consolidated growth. And so if you could just
again touch on how you're thinking about growth, pipeline, M&A capacity and then financial.

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Okay. So M&A, first of all, let's go back to the capital framework we've set forth in recent quarters. We
plan to deploy approximately 100% of our annual free cash flow through a balanced capital allocation
program. I will say these are guiding principles, and we will continue to be opportunistic. Approximately
50% towards M&A, an area that's wholly aligned to our strategic priorities. And of course, about the
remaining 50% towards dividends and share repurchases, targeting a consistent dividend payout ratio in
the range of -- at about -- sorry, 25% on that and the rest for repurchases.

So M&A will continue to be a priority for us. And as I said earlier, we announced 3 acquisitions in the first
quarter, and indeed signed an agreement to acquire ESG Mobility. It's not that M&A is something we wake
up every morning until we have to do. It's just -- it's an enabler for us to achieve our strategy.

Now our strategy is built around accelerating digital, which are higher growth categories, and our strategy
is also built around globalizing the company, both from a global delivery network but also getting after
exponential growth overseas. And digital as well as our overseas opportunity, I think, puts us in a position
to have ambitions well in excess of the 3% to 4% organic growth rate, Keith, that you mentioned.
However, I will refrain from getting into long-term financial statements here. But I would be very, very
disappointed in the years ahead if we do not significantly exceed those growth rates.

And I would say we have been doing what was needed in the last year to start replenishing our backlog to
consistently drive a book-to-bill ratio in excess of 1.1. That puts us in a position that organically, coupled
with the accretive nature of the acquisitions we've done, we should have continued upward pressure on
revenue on a go-forward basis. And that being said, I will caution everybody we're in somewhat of an
unpredictable world at this moment in time with the humanitarian crisis in India.

So that's how I think about our organic possibilities as well as the fact that we have an M&A lever that is
exposing us to higher growth categories. And all of this, of course, is against the context where, from my
perspective, we are substantially more operationally inclined and more sophisticated in terms of how we
think about delivery and commercial levers going forward.

On Financial Services, look, it is critical. We turned around Financial Services. I'm proud with the progress
we made in Healthcare, which is catching up on Financial Services as almost being our single biggest
industry sector. Well, Financial Services is 1/3 of our revenue. And in dollar terms, it modestly grew, but in
constant currency terms, it declined 1.7%. And Keith, within that, we ultimately have 2 groups. We have

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05,
2021

a Banking and Financial Services business that is more than half of the business, and we have insurance
which is kind of less than half.

And it's a tale of 2 cities. In insurance, North America was weaker than the international business. But
North American insurance is the vast majority of the insurance business, so that weakness hurt us in
Banking and Financial Services. Actually, North America was modestly up, but our international business
was down.

Within Banking and Financial Services, there are relatively consistent trends with what we talked about
previously. Capital markets declined. Retail banking grew modestly, but it was offset by declines in
commercial banks and cards and payments. And if I think about things differently, the global banks, as we
call them, have continued to in-source and that business continues to decline for us, offset somewhat by
good momentum we have with some of the regional banks.

Now all of this comes back to what are we doing about it. I would say we have a plan of attack. We
have had healthy bookings throughout Financial Services, both banking and insurance in 2020. We've
added extra commercial coverage. We've actually changed out and refreshed a significant amount of
our commercial teams. We've been embracing digital, and we've had strong digital bookings in those
areas in 2020. And we've been working more with our partners who are very interested in our strength in
Healthcare and indeed Financial Services.

So as Jan pointed out, it is a business that is under repair, and we expect to see gradual recovery in 2021.
We should see stronger growth in Q2, obviously, for easy compare reasons as well as COVID and the
ransomware attack. But I'd like to think in the course of the year, we can get this thing shaped up to be in
better shape than it is today.

Keith Frances Bachman
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

And any comments on pipeline, Brian?

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Look, pipeline is very healthy overall. It's as healthy as I have seen it. And pipeline, candidly, for Financial
Services, is also healthy. So from my perspective, Keith, we don't have a demand issue in an industry
-- I'm actually quite bullish on the industry for 2020 and indeed for 2021. And that's based on client
conversations. And I speak with clients every day, as well as, obviously, we keep an eye on what industry
analysts are saying.

I think talent shortages and attrition are a greater concern for the entire industry. But clients are making
investments. They are decisive. And indecision is the enemy of people like myself. So clients being decisive
is good. They are talking about more strategic partners. We are in the mix more than ever in that vendor
consolidation, so I'm quite excited about that. And fundamentally, the things we see driving the pipeline, a
lot around business model innovation, customer experience, technology modernization, risk mitigation and
efficiency initiatives.

And kind of the one of the reasons I was so adamant in doubling down with the hyperscalers 2 years
ago is because these companies -- I don't think you should underestimate the sheer power and scale
of hyperscale companies. They are investing massively, buying commercial teams, commercial terms,
aligning with companies like Cognizant, [ around ] industries, massively accelerating cloud migrations. And
if you believe in platform economics, which opens up the possibilities of microservices and APIs, I think
this is going to be the future. So we set up 2 business groups or business groups in the hyperscalers in the
last few years, and I think we're reaping the benefits of that now.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America.

Unknown Analyst

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05,
2021

This is [ Kathy ] on for Jason. So I mean the spring time frame is when enterprises typically make
decisions on ramping up and moving forward with some of the discretionary projects. Can you just talk
a little bit about what you're seeing on that front? Is there any hesitancy? Or are there any challenges in
terms of meeting demand in that regard?

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Well, it's very consistent with my last answer, [ Kathy, ] to be honest. I'm expecting a robust environment.
Clients are being decisive. discretionary projects are being funded. I think we've all grown used to the
new world. And kind of we were getting at bats more often than ever before beyond bill run and more in
the innovation and transformation agenda. So I feel very good and optimistic about the macro demand
picture. But as I've said earlier, talent shortages and attrition are a much bigger concern for me at this
moment in time than macro demand.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson.

Lisa Ann Dejong Ellis
MoffettNathanson LLC

First one, just on M&A, just a follow-up there. Your -- Cognizant's pace of M&A has increased quite a bit in
the last few quarters. Can you just comment a bit on how you're building that muscle so that it becomes
more of a strategic differentiator for Cognizant? Like what changes have you made to how you're doing
sourcing or integration of these companies?

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Jan, do you want to address that?

Jan Siegmund
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Look, the M&A activity had been healthy in the first quarter. So we spent approximately $300 million
and announced 4 acquisitions. But I wouldn't read too much to it as an accelerated pace. I think we're
executing against the plan and trying to spend in the framework of the capital that we strategically want
to allocate towards M&A and we're executing that. The team has done really a fantastic job in aligning our
deal sourcing across industries and across the globe.

So you see this, for example, we talked in the last quarter about a slight shift towards more geographic
expansion, and we have 2 deals this -- an Australian deal and, of course, very close to my heart, a
German deal also part of the transactions that we could announce and some of them closed. So we're
executing really in a classic manner. The team is very focused partnering with our markets and with our
service lines on identifying the strategic areas of growth that we want to do and it's been very diligent and
creative of identifying acquisition opportunities. It has really worked really well. And I think the natural
spacing of these things will lead us to kind of execute against our allocated capital against it. Now it's what
we have been lumpy in and out, but a consistent way to do so.

The focus in the company is clearly on integration because the synergies that these companies deliver are
at the heart of the viability of our M&A strategy. And we are pleased with the ability to generate synergies.
Our business plans are generally pretty close to the reality on the revenue synergies. And as we now have
a larger portfolio of companies that we have acquired, we have increased our focus quite naturally on
integration and efficiencies so that these companies can fit into the fabric of Cognizant and benefit from
the scale that we can bring to the table.

You see we have still dilution, some acquisitions, putting pressure on our margin. And so you'll see us
continuing working on driving integration and reaping also some of the cost efficiencies that might be
available to us in the future.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05,
2021

Lisa Ann Dejong Ellis
MoffettNathanson LLC

Terrific. And then just a quick follow-up. I know, Brian, you mentioned that now you've had a 1.1 or
greater book-to-bill for, I think, more than a year now on a very sustained basis. Can you just kind
of comment on how you're feeling about the backlog at this point, your confidence level, whether it's
improved and kind of your visibility into the sales pipeline and sales forecasting?

Brian Humphries
CEO & Director

Yes. Well, actually, I should thank Jan for this when he came in. He did a tremendous job really
decomposing down prior bookings and tracing them to follow the breadcrumbs into revenue. And so at this
moment in time, we have much better visibility into that than we had based on last year.

I really feel good about our bookings momentum, to your point, really since the last -- if you think
about it, throughout 2020, we had an exceptionally strong Q1. And then through the course of the year,
we had strength with mid-teens for the course of the year. But really in 2019, it starts, you don't get
bookings until you start building a pipeline. So we really put a lot of effort in the second half of 2020 into
pipeline build. That started showing up in terms of bookings momentum in 2020 and then, of course, into
2021. We don't have the same easy compares now as we had last year, which is why I wanted to really
contextualize Q1 bookings growth of 5%.

I actually am delighted with that because our December was really outstanding. It was an excellent month
for us. And April has been an excellent month, so the Q1 period has been sandwiched between that.
And it's really important to me that people think about bookings on a rolling 4-quarter basis because
something stepping from a Friday to a Monday or vice versa could take a deal from Q1 to Q2 or Q1 to Q4.
So it's important to contextualize that.

So book-to-bill is the right way to also think about it. I think once you're north of 1.1x, it creates a backlog
of opportunity to go execute against and hopefully accelerate revenue on from here. So we're confident of
our -- in our numbers. And we're also confident we'll have a very strong Q2 bookings number on the back,
not just of excellent April results but also, let's face it, the compare wasn't exactly stellar in May this time
last year for many other reasons.

Operator

Our last question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I know you're at the bottom of the hour here. I just want to get a clarification here on the margin side and
just ask it at a high level, if just the cost of doing business is going up. I mean I see your gross margin in
the first quarter was pretty good, but I know you move in to the lower end of the margins, how you said
to lead that some of the M&A integration costs are going up. I understand that. But is the rest of it just
people? And again, is the cost of doing business overall, just maybe going higher than you had expected
90 days ago?

Jan Siegmund
Chief Financial Officer

Tien-Tsin, thank you for the question. I was wondering if it wouldn't come actually. So I appreciate it
because there's a lot of momentum, a movement in our margins that I think is important to put our eyes
on. When you compare our margins overall operating margin, we're kind of roughly flat, slightly improved
year-over-year. And on the gross margin side, you see the benefits of our Fit for Growth, and you can see
also the benefits of the lower T&E that helped us to expand the growth margins. Utilization helped a little
bit. And also, we had obviously a little bit help in the rupee. That all helped on the margin side.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05,
2021

But then we had on the SG&A side, you see an accelerated growth, but we are really laser-focused
on directing that SG&A growth to our strategic initiatives that we think will yield -- we view them as
investments, will yield accelerating revenue growth rates. And you pointed out the 2 biggest items.
M&A is -- and its dilutive element in its initial years as well as our investments into sales and account
management and growth in essence. Those are 2 offsetting factors that we have seen in the past quarters
but also this quarter.

When we -- now in outlook, you're pointing out we are basically down ticking our margin guidance a tiny
bit. I think that is reflective of a balance that we're trying to strike here reflecting what we anticipate could
be some increase in our compensation costs due to the measures in order to lower attrition, attract and
retain our talent. And we're planning to offset that partially with some change in assumptions. I think the
prices in India illustrates that maybe T&E is not coming back as fast as we have anticipated. And we're
also carefully and surgically monitoring our future SG&A growth to tie it all so that we keep the overall
margin equation together for the full year.

But the second quarter will be kind of in line or similar to our first quarter margin expectation, in particular
since we're anticipating the SG&A moderation to accelerate basically in the third and fourth quarter, but
some of the compensation measures will be probably visible already in the second quarter.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

That was very clear, Jan. So maybe as a quick follow-up. Just you didn't mention contract execution and
performance, so I'm assuming things are going well there. Any update on contract execution and risk
management, has identified any changes since last quarter in the portfolio?

Jan Siegmund
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. No, I presume you are -- refer to our management of escalations, deals, et cetera. I think we have
had a very usual quarter. We made progress on our implementation of improvements for deal reviews and
deal acceptance and pricing as we rolled out. Those initiatives are gaining momentum. And on the delivery
side, I think the issues that we're hearing the most, and Brian mentioned it, is obviously, our ability to
fulfill and to have talent available. It's a primary concern of our clients. But overall, I would say it was a
very solid quarter relative to execution.

Tyler Scott

All right. I think with that, we'll end today's call. Thank you all for the questions, and we look forward to
speaking with you next quarter.

Operator
This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your
participation, and enjoy the rest of your evening.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05,
2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

