Corteva, Inc. NYSE:CTVA
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, May 05, 2021 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.65

0.79

Revenue  (mm)

3837.63

4178.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-05-2021 12:05 AM GMT

21.54

8.87

1.40

1.93

2.30

5571.40

14604.71

15470.57

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

1.24

(0.42)

(0.04)

0.65

1.26

(0.39)

0.04

0.79

SURPRISE

1.61 %

NM

NM

21.54 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CORTEVA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

David John Anderson
Executive VP & CFO

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Jeffrey Rudolph
Executive of Investor Relations

Timothy P. Glenn
Executive VP & Chief Commercial
Officer

ANALYSTS

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Arun Shankar Viswanathan
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Cory Murphy
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

David L. Begleiter
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Joel Jackson
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Prashant N. Juvekar
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Silke Kueck-Valdes
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Steve Byrne
BofA Securities, Research Division

Vincent Stephen Andrews
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CORTEVA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning and welcome to Corteva's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference
is being recorded.

Jeffrey Rudolph
Executive of Investor Relations

Good morning and welcome to Corteva's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Our prepared
remarks today will be led by Jim Collins, Chief Executive Officer; and Dave Anderson, Executive Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer. Additionally, Tim Glenn, Executive Vice President and Chief
Commercial Officer; and Rajan Gajaria, Executive Vice President of Business Platforms, will join the Q&A
session. We have prepared presentation slides to supplement our remarks during this call, which are
posted on the Investor Relations section of the Corteva website and through the link to our webcast.

During the call, we will make forward-looking statements, which are our expectations for or about the
future. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to various
risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could materially differ from these statements due to these risks
and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those discussed on this call and in the Risk Factors section
of our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We do not take any -- undertake any
duty to update any forward-looking statement.

On our Investor Relations website, you can find our earnings press release and related schedules, along
with our supplemental financial summary slide deck, which is intended to supplement our prepared
remarks for today's call. These items provide a reconciliation of differences between reported GAAP and
non-GAAP financial measures and should not be considered as substitute for the measures of financial
performance prepared in accordance with GAAP.

It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Jim.

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Thank you, Jeff, and welcome to the participants joining the call today. Starting on Slide 4. As I step back
and reflect on how the organization closed out 2020 with strong sales and earnings growth in the fourth
quarter, it is impressive how our teams executed in a very complex and dynamic market environment
with the overlay of the COVID pandemic. It displays the focus and execution of our strategy and the
commitment to delivering value.

That momentum was sustained through the first quarter. And through focused heads down execution,
we delivered a strong start to the year, with margin increases in both segments. I am really pleased with
these results.

Our technology leadership remains strong, evidenced by ongoing demand for our new and differentiated
products. We continue to launch and rapidly scale these technologies while taking focused actions on our
cost and productivity priorities. Collectively, this focus on our commitments is helping to drive meaningful
margin expansion today and looking forward.

Importantly, our team around the world delivering these results is resilient. They continue to prove their
agility in the face of ongoing market volatility, including the pandemic, and remain intent on prioritizing
the safety of colleagues while serving our customers and stakeholders at every turn.

And lastly, I'm pleased to also share that we welcomed 4 new directors to our Board during the quarter.
The addition of these directors and their background and experience will complement an already strong
and diverse Board and will serve as a catalyst for the ongoing advancement of our strategy, reinforcing our
commitment to deliver on our value creation priorities.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CORTEVA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

So let's look at Slide 5, which is our financial results for the quarter. We delivered strong organic sales
growth across both Seed and Crop Protection, leading to 6% organic growth for the company as a whole.
Importantly, we realized better operating leverage on our sales growth this quarter as operating EBITDA
grew 14% and margins expanded more than 150 basis points, a strong execution on our growth targets
coupled with improved SG&A more than offset the market-driven cost headwinds we faced in the quarter.
The phenomena of the market-driven cost inflation is a common theme we are seeing across industries,
including raw materials and logistics. Dave is going to take us through the key market dynamics and other
critical drivers for the remainder of 2021.

On capital allocation, we returned approximately $450 million to shareholders in the quarter via share
buybacks and dividends. And we remain on track to complete the majority of our remaining repurchases
under the $1 billion program by the first half of 2021. Returning cash to shareholders continues to be a
high priority for Corteva and a critical part of our balanced approach to capital allocation. This first quarter
performance is another important proof point that our value creation strategy is working, reinforcing our
confidence that we will meet our commitments for 2021.

Shifting to the market backdrop on Slide 6. We remain encouraged by the strengthening global ag
fundamentals while also navigating macroeconomic uncertainties around the world. The ag outlook turned
positive in the fourth quarter of 2020 as a result of rising farm income levels and constructive demand out
of China. Today, farm incomes remain elevated on strong commodity prices, and we continue to see record
global demand for ag commodities. As a result, we are seeing ending stocks drawn down and expectations
that grow our income levels will be at all-time highs, even with the easing government payments this year.

In March, the USDA issued the Prospective Plantings survey results, which indicated flattish corn acres and
approximate 5 million-acre increase in soybeans for the U.S. As you recall, our original estimates were
between 5 million and 8 million additional acres coming into corn and bean production for 2021, mostly
going into soybeans. Given how we position our products with our customers, we are in a good position to
take advantage of any potential upside in acres as market conditions continue to evolve.

Commodity prices in Brazil remain strong as concerns of dry weather or lowering expectations on safrinha
yields. We also expect to see planted area expansion in Brazil, with the potential for low- to mid-single-
digit increases in corn planted area for the late 2021, early 2022 season. Although exchange rates have
recently trended favorably, the market remains volatile, and we continue to monitor for any further
fluctuations.

More importantly, based on how we are seeing the futures market shape up, we believe these
fundamentals will continue into at least 2022 as strong grain demand and supply challenges keep ending
stocks low. This constructive backdrop provides Corteva further momentum for value creation as growers
turn to best-in-class technology to maximize productivity and value.

So let's turn to Slide 7, and I'll provide some more detail on the strength of our global sales diversity and
where we are capitalizing on momentum across the globe. In North America, organic sales were down 2%
for the quarter against a difficult 2020 Seed comparison. While 2020 first quarter Seed volumes benefited
from early demand amidst favorable weather conditions, we experienced a more normalized delivery
pattern this year. We expect corn volumes to increase in the second quarter as our seed deliveries in the
U.S. Pioneer brand have caught up to the prior year as of today.

On seed pricing, first quarter was negatively impacted, mostly due to brand mix. Our second quarter
deliveries to date reflect improvement in corn pricing despite aggressive market competitiveness. We
remain excited about the demand and traction we are seeing in the Enlist soybean launch and still expect
Enlist to represent about 30% of the U.S. soybean market in 2021, an important milestone towards our
goal of 50% market penetration.

North America Crop Protection had a strong start to the year, with 11% organic growth on strong demand
for new technologies, including Enlist herbicide, and solid pricing execution in response to rising raw
material, freight and logistics costs. In Europe, Middle East and Africa, organic sales grew 6% on record
corn and sunflower seed volumes as supply concerns and commodity cost pressures drove an early start
to the spring sales season.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CORTEVA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Our portfolio of new and differentiated products, such as Arylex and Rinskor herbicides, remain in high
demand, which enabled us to drive price and volume in Crop Protection. During the quarter, we also
obtained key regulatory approvals, including the registration of Univoq fungicide with Inatreq active
for sale and use in the U.K., a major milestone for cereal growers needing innovative and sustainable
chemistry solutions to protect their crops.

In Latin America, we delivered 38% organic sales growth on strong volumes and execution of our price
for value strategy. And Seed volumes grew 39% on strong Brazil safrinha sales and early demand in
other countries. In Crop Protection, volume grew 10% on significant demand for new and differentiated
technologies such as Isoclast and Jemvelva insecticides and Enlist herbicides. Pricing actions reflect strong
product demand and partially offset unfavorable currency impacts in the Brazilian real.

In Asia Pacific, we realized 9% organic sales growth compared to the prior year on both volume and price
improvements. While Seed volumes were down on the shift of some corn sales to the second half, Crop
Protection growth was led by further penetration of Jemvelva and Pyraxalt insecticides.

Now Dave will provide more detail on our results and our expectations for the rest of the year. But let me
first say, we are very excited to have Dave join the Corteva team, and I look forward to the contributions
he will make in bolstering our momentum and execution looking ahead. So Dave, over to you.

David John Anderson
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Jim, very much, and welcome, everybody, to this morning's call. Let's go to Slide 8 for a more
detailed review of our strong first quarter operating EBITDA performance. You can see that operating
EBITDA grew from $794 million last year to $904 million in the first quarter of 2021, representing a $110
million improvement. It's a clear testament to the momentum that Jim mentioned. Driving this increase
were price benefits of $125 million and volume benefits of $50 million from strong commercial execution
and penetration of our new and differentiated products across all regions. It represents important progress
on our targets and really reflects the strength of our portfolio and pipeline.

On new crop protection products, we recognized sales growth of over $120 million. At the same time, we
delivered record corn and sunflower volumes in Europe and strong safrinha sales in Brazil, which helped to
offset the seasonal timing of seed deliveries in North America. Finally, we continue to extract value for our
yield advantage technology in corn, with global corn pricing up 2% for the quarter.

Now costs were a $70 million net headwind to operating EBITDA for the quarter. This reflects
approximately $50 million in productivity and other cost actions positively, which were more than offset by
higher input and freight costs, which are primarily market-driven. Let me give you some color on that.

As economies across the globe start to emerge from the pandemic-related shutdowns, global trade
markets are experiencing higher shipping demand, leading to higher freight costs. Additionally, prices of
certain active ingredients and intermediates have risen compared to the same period last year. As a result,
we incurred approximately $120 million of cost headwinds in the quarter due to increased freight and
logistics, higher raw material costs and unfavorable seed yields in Europe. Now we're taking action where
possible to mitigate these impacts, including delivering on our productivity initiatives and passing through
certain inflationary costs for our seed and crop protection products.

For example, late in the first quarter, we initiated, on average, mid-single-digit price increases in the U.S.
on our crop protection products. Taken together, we delivered over 150 basis points of margin expansion
in the quarter as a result of the discipline and focused execution despite the cost increases that we
encountered.

Let's go now to Slide 9, focused on Crop Protection for the quarter, I'll cover a few highlights. As you
can see, Crop Protection organic sales grew 12% in the quarter, driven by a 6% increase in volume and
a 6% increase in price. Now keep in mind, included with this volume, growth is a 5% headwind from
our strategic decision to phase out certain products, primarily in the insecticides portfolio, including
Chlorpyrifos as well as telone.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CORTEVA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Now strong global demand for our new technology led to an increase of more than $120 million in new
product sales when compared to the same period last year. Herbicides were up 20% compared to the first
quarter of 2020, led by continued penetration of Arylex and Enlist. Fungicides grew 14%, driven by strong
demand for Zorvec and also Inatreq, primarily in Europe, Middle East and Africa. And lastly, insecticides
grew 2% in the quarter, largely driven by our differentiated Spinosyns technology, notably Jemvelva as
well as Qalcova. These were up 29% in the quarter. Now this growth was again muted by our decision to
phase out select insecticides as mentioned earlier.

Favorable product mix in Crop Protection and strategic price increases drove pricing gains in the quarter,
including an 18% price improvement in Latin America and a 6% price improvement in North America.
Operating EBITDA for Crop Protection improved 35% for the quarter driven by robust demand for new
products and pricing execution. Now we experienced cost headwinds of approximately $70 million for
this segment. And again, these included increased raw material costs, such as precious metals used as
catalysts, as well as increased freight and logistics. Taken on a whole, these headwinds more than offset
our productivity actions.

As we go forward, we're aggressively managing controllable factors and at the same time, proactively
mitigating this cost through delivering against our productivity programs, passing through certain costs for
our products wherever possible. Very impressively, despite these challenges I mentioned, we drove over
300 basis points of improvement of operating EBITDA margin in the segment in the quarter.

Let's go now to the Seed segment on Slide 10. You can see organic sales for Seed were up 3% driven
by strong Brazil safrinha sales and record corn and sunflower volumes in Europe on an early start to the
spring. These gains were partially offset by the seasonal timing of deliveries in North America, where Seed
volumes in the quarter were down 6%, driven by the U.S. where we had a very early start in the prior
year. Overall, global corn volumes were flat, reflecting these seasonal shifts.

On pricing, we maintained our track record in extracting value for our yield-advantaged technology, with
corn prices up 2% for the quarter. Soybean volumes were also flat for the quarter, with price down 4%.
Now keep in mind, the first quarter is a meaningful quarter for soybeans since the large majority of the
deliveries occur in the second quarter. And as Jim mentioned, our expectations for Enlist E3, the ramp
there is on track. Other oilseeds were up 19% versus the first quarter of 2020, reflecting record sunflower
volumes in Europe and higher canola volumes in Canada.

Operating EBITDA for this segment improved 6% on strong price execution globally, ongoing cost and
productivity actions and a gain on the remeasurement of an R&D technology-based equity investment,
which is included in the Other column. These improvements were partially offset by the unfavorable
impact of currency and higher input costs, which were primarily market related. These cost increases
included, again, higher freight and logistics costs, coupled with the impact of unfavorable seed yields on
European corn. The teams continue to manage through these headwinds and still delivered operating
EBITDA margin improvement of over 100 basis points for Seed for the quarter.

So now let's go to Slide 11, talk about our first half 2021 updated expectations and full year 2021
guidance. With the backdrop of the segments, you can see we expect top line growth of about 3% for the
half, led by continued strong demand for our new crop protection products globally. This growth includes
an approximately $130 million sales headwind from strategic decisions to phase out certain crop protection
products.

On the Seed side, we're monitoring what ultimately gets planted this season in North America given recent
strengthening in commodity price levels. Globally, we expect first half Seed volumes to be about flat with
the prior year. We're confident that we'll maintain our momentum, and we continue to extract value for
our yield-advantaged technology in corn globally.

Turning to costs. We remain committed to the execution and realization of our productivity programs,
which we believe will be more than offset by anticipated headwinds from increasing freight and logistics,
higher raw materials and unfavorable seed yields in Europe, resulting in a net headwind of $50 million for
the half. Taken together, this translates to operating EBITDA of $2.15 billion to $2.25 billion for the half,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CORTEVA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

an increase of 8% over 2020 at the midpoint and an approximate 120 basis point increase to operating
EBITDA margins.

Turning to the full year. We're raising our revenue guidance. We now expect reported net sales to be
between $14.6 billion and $14.8 billion, up 3% to 4% over 2020. This increase reflects continued demand
for new products globally in both our Crop Protection and Seed segments, coupled with strong price
execution in key regions on technology and pricing for higher costs where possible.

On cost, we expect a net headwind for the year of $50 million as the higher input costs and freight
logistics are more than offsetting productivity savings. Specific to G&A spend, we're maintaining our post-
COVID spending levels with anticipation that G&A will be essentially flat for the year, with the organization
driving inflation impacts to a net 0 for G&A. Reflecting the strength of what we're seeing in the market and
focused execution, we remain on track to deliver operating EBITDA between $2.4 billion and $2.5 billion
for the year, an improvement of 17% over 2020 at the midpoint and approximately 200 basis points of
margin improvement.

Standing back, here are the key takeaways for the quarter: first, we delivered an impressive start to the
year in both top and bottom line, driven by penetration of technology-advantaged products despite some
headwinds; and second, we remain on track to deliver strong double-digit earnings improvement for the
year.

So before turning the call back to Jim, I just want to take a second to provide a few initial observations
since joining Corteva last month. Coming into the company, I've been impressed with the tremendous
franchise that Corteva represents. It's backed by a strong culture and high-value assets, which I believe,
in combination, are capable of delivering on the significant growth potential.

Leveraging what I refer to as the CFO skill set, it provides a great opportunity to help deliver the operating
leverage we see for the business. Those are early thoughts. I look forward to sharing more with you in the
future and working with the team on executing Corteva's strategy.

And with that, I'll turn it back over to Jim.

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Great. Thanks, Dave. And before we get to your questions, let me offer a few final comments. As you can
see in our results, this organization is executing. We're off to a strong start to the year. And despite some
of the unplanned headwinds from market-related factors, we're on track with our expectations.

And as we look ahead, we remain focused on driving progress against those fundamental elements of our
strategy: advancing our industry-leading innovation pipeline, including the ramp-up of our proprietary
Enlist system, and delivering on our productivity and cost savings initiatives; and maintaining our
disciplined approach to capital allocation. Now we have considerable momentum right now, and we expect
focused execution in our plan will enable us to continue to generate value and deliver on our commitments
to our shareholders.

The market backdrop is clearly strengthening. And despite macro uncertainties, we expect favorable
market dynamics to continue through the midterm. Our current pace is aligned with our midterm earnings
targets, and we are well positioned to create significant durable value for shareholders in 2021 and
beyond.

And finally, at the foundation of this is a fully focused team and a strong legacy of technology leadership,
which can be traced all the way back to the founding of the Pioneer brand, which, by the way, just
celebrated its 95th anniversary. This legacy and a shared sense of accountability for our commitments and
our purpose demonstrates that the culture we have built at Corteva is solid.

The events of this past year have left an undeniable impact on all of us. The Corteva teams rose to
this challenge, prioritizing the safety of our colleagues, our customers and our communities, and our
teams around the world continue to do that today. 2021 has proven that the pandemic recovery remains

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CORTEVA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

uneven, and an ongoing focus on our values, including safety, are just going to remain critical as this
global health crisis intensifies in parts of the world, such as India. As a global citizen, with operations in
140 countries, we remain as committed as ever to taking actions locally in the communities in which we
operate. Harnessing the power of our scale provides to deliver value for all of our stakeholders.

So let me now hand the call back to Jeff.

Jeffrey Rudolph
Executive of Investor Relations
Thank you, Jim. Now let's move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our cautions
on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the
following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CORTEVA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We will now take our first question from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank.

David L. Begleiter
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Jim, just on costs and productivity, can you remind us what you were expecting for the year initially
versus what looks like a $50 million net headwind right now?

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Yes. Great, Dave. Thanks for the question. And I would start by saying we had a lot coming at us, but
a really great start by the team, and it's always kind of tough to call that first quarter, kind of second
quarter split. But we're, I think, executing pretty well.

There are some things, some areas that we're still watching, some trends that are moving up on us that
may be a little bit greater than we started the year. And a lot of that starts with commodity prices. Those
are going to continue to affect our seed production costs. And a little of that is for full year, kind of back-
end loaded as we watch production costs in Brazil and harvest seed and get ready for that commercial
season.

There are some market-driven cost headwinds. And maybe I'll hand it over to Dave to share a little more
detail on a few of those. But at the high level, it's things like freight and some of the key raw materials,
and many of those are COVID-related, transportation-related, and some of those are just kind of global
demand, really creating some shortages here and there.

And I'd say some of the other areas that are affecting costs are also COVID-related. The recovery that
we're seeing globally is a little bit uneven. We're seeing some flare-ups in parts of the world, like India and
Brazil that are affecting transportation and logistics routes, but also affecting our customers and, in some
cases, demand and supply.

So as I step back and I think about some of the opportunities that we're driving, this team is executing
really well, and we're covering -- essentially covering those costs with our outlook. We're -- as we've said
earlier, we're essentially on track with our full year guidance that we gave you. So even though there are
some new headwinds that I've mentioned, we've got those covered. And I think what we've done with this
outlook is taken a really balanced approach here and continue to monitor and watch these.

But Dave, do you want to share any more detail for Dave on that?

David John Anderson
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So I think a couple of things, just to add a little bit to what Jim said and kind of back to your
question. Number one, as you would suspect, we spend a lot of time on this subject. I mean this is
something that has really been a focus and attention of this leadership team, with this management team.
And it's a headline item, obviously, not just for Corteva. It's industry-wide phenomena that you're seeing
in a number of the releases.

Some of the things that I think stand out, just to add a little bit to what Jim said, number one, we're on
track in terms of our annual productivity. That's the key message. The $250 million guide that we gave
you at the beginning of the year, we're on track for that. So what we're really talking about is what is the
incremental impact relative to that.

So seed yields and commodity costs, that's the biggest item. For the quarter, we're impacted about --
we estimate about $30 million and about $150 million for the full year. Seed freight and logistics would

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CORTEVA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

be second, followed by glyphosate, precious metals, the catalysts in terms of use in our crop protection
processes. And then the core protection supply and freight. These make up, in total, the delta that we're
talking about in terms of impact for the year.

So whereas previously, we had, net of productivity, a positive for the year, now what we're looking at is
negative $50 million impact for the year as a result of all of this. So that's a big impact for us. The delta --
previously, if you looked at, again, productivity of $250 million, our previous guide would have been -- we
would have had positive, about $150 million net, now we're looking at net $50 million negative. So that's
the $200 million swing that we talked about for the year.

Hopefully, that -- and just to reinforce what Jim said, this is the best judgments we have right now. We'll
continue to refine this and also taking a step back just to reinforce that we're on track for the full year in
terms of that EBITDA growth and that EBITDA margin improvement.

David L. Begleiter
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

No. That was very helpful. And just Jim, one last thing. The implied Q2 guide is a little bit below
consensus, but the first half guide is along the consensus. So is this really just a timing issue again, Q1
versus Q2?

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Yes. Absolutely, Dave. It is always hard to call that first quarter, second quarter mark. And while we talked
in the opening comments about a strong finish to the Latin America season and a really strong start to
Europe, I'd say North America is a little bit behind the pace that we had last year, and you'll see that North
America pace pick up in 2Q.

If we had 3 or 4 more good days of weather, North America might have been pretty much right on top of
where they were last year. That's how much business can move in just those few days right around that
quarter end. So as I sit here today, we've caught up on all of our shipments in North America to where
we were this same day last year. I feel really good about where North America is going to finish. And you
called it exactly right, Dave. We're on our plan for the half, and we expect to be right on plan for full year
at this point.

Operator

We will now take our next question from Joel Jackson from BMO Capital Markets.

Joel Jackson
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Obviously, we're in an inflationary environment, commodity prices, and you had some of those pressures
right now, and you've been able to mitigate that with price and volume. Can you talk about a little bit
more granularity on the buckets that led to a couple of hundred million dollars of cost pressures here? I
imagine it's things like glyphosate and paying Brazilian farmers more for their seeds.

And as this continues, can you talk about the levers you can pull? Like should the inflationary environment
positive for Corteva? And talk about how you can mitigate cost pressures and how it can be positive for
you.

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Sure, Joel. Let me mention a few comments. We'll let Dave cover a little more of the details on those
costs, and then maybe we can come back and talk about additional levers we have for the year.

I want to reinforce one point that Dave made earlier, that our productivity programs that we launched at
the beginning of the year are still on track. And that $250 million of productivity year-over-year is in flight.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CORTEVA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

I feel really good about that. And as you mentioned, we've seen some of these headwinds. So Dave, do
you want to talk about a few of those again?

David John Anderson
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Let me -- because I named the major categories earlier, Joel, let me just give you a little more
detail. I'm going to talk about full year numbers now.

So in terms of seed yields and commodity costs, we're now looking at around $150 million headwind. Seed
freight and logistics, that's about $30 million. Glyphosate will actually affect pricing, obviously, in terms
of pass-through, that's about $50 million. And then rhodium where -- that we saw, I think it was a 4x,
Rajan, increase in that spot price, that's now going to impact us for first and second quarter. But what the
teams have done, and Rajan can spend -- can talk a little more about that, but we're substituting now
palladium for rhodium, but that's still a $50 million estimated impact for the full year. And then finally, on
corn products, supply and freight, that's estimated to be about $20 million. And most of that, by the way,
occurred in the first quarter.

The first quarter number, by the way, those should sum -- what I just gave you, should sum to about
$300 million. That $300 million compares significantly -- negatively to what we had built into our previous
forecast. And as I mentioned previously, net of productivity, we're now looking at a $50 million hit versus
previous guide was $150 million positive. I mean in other words, productivity more than offsetting cost
improve cost increases. Jim or Rajan, anything you guys would want to add in terms of those insights?

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

I'll just close it out, Joel. You asked about, as we look forward, are there other levers that we have. And
we're going to obviously finish through the first half here, get this North American market, kind of, behind
us. We still have a lot of seed to put in the ground in North America. But then we've got that second
hemisphere season ahead of us in Latin America. And I feel really good about the setup there, but we still
have some pricing opportunities in the second half that we're going to explore.

We still might have some volume. We're hearing that the safrinha season, as acres expanded last year, we
think we could see some acreage expansion. We found a little of that in already, but we're going to watch
that really carefully. And then as I mentioned before, one of the big keys for us are those productivity
initiatives. They're well underway. We've got good momentum there, and we're going to keep pressing
those forward.

So as I said before, it's early. We're taking a real balanced view right now with this outlook that we've
given, and we're going to keep updating it as the year unfolds. Thanks, Joel.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We will now take our next question from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.

Vincent Stephen Andrews
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

If I could ask and start out in Seed, the $112 million gain on the remeasurement of the equity investment,
I guess, what is that equity investment? Was that $112 million in the original EBITDA guidance you gave
at 4Q? And is it onetime in nature, such that if you don't revalue it higher again in the first quarter of next
year, it's actually a headwind in the bridge from '21 to '22? So maybe we could start with that.

David John Anderson
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. This is Dave. So we recognized actually about a $14 million gain on the remeasurement of a strategic
R&D technology equity investment in the quarter. So it's relatively de minimis in the scheme of things. So
I think that's the important thing for you to understand.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CORTEVA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Now the one thing I think I would just add a little bit to that while we're on the subject is, if you will, if
you look at the total in terms of the Other column, when we [ look at ] the EBITDA walk or the EBITDA
bridge, that also does include also some benefit of a reversal of a bad debt accrual that basically reflects
very good collections activity and obviously, just the strength of farmer income. So just the overall market
environment is positive.

But if you take those together, that represents in the neighborhood of about $30 million to $35 million for
the quarter. In total for the year, it's part of our walk -- when we do our bridge from where we were to
where we are now in terms of, as Jim said, our balanced outlook, that is included in that.

In the context of the overall performance and profitability and size of EBITDA for the company, again, I
think it's relatively small in the scheme of things. But it's a good question. I'm glad we're able to flag that
and point that out.

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Yes. And Vince, as you look at that chart, just to reinforce the message, the margin impact from that
gain was 112 basis points, not dollars. So as you look at the bottom of the chart, those are basis point
numbers, not dollars.

David John Anderson
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. It's a very good point, Jim. And hopefully that -- both the dollar amount that I mentioned to you, $14
million for that one item, the overall, if you will, other contribution to EBITDA, hopefully, that all puts it in
perspective.

Operator

We will now take our next question from P.J. Juvekar from Citi.

Prashant N. Juvekar
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Welcome, Dave. With corn prices approaching almost $7 per bushel and farmers flushed with government
payments, this would be the best time to raise seed pricing in North America. And I know, Jim, at your
Analyst Day, you talked about your molecular stacks and your dual mode of action with the seeds. Why
was your seed price down in the quarter? And why aren't farmers buying better germplasm or traits?

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Yes. Great. P.J., thanks for the question. And we -- obviously, you're right. We talked a lot about pricing in
the past. And if you recall, on our fourth quarter call, we stated that we expected to continue to maintain
the pricing for value strategies that we've had out there for a number of years. And that led to a 2%
pricing in corn looking forward and -- or looking back. And all of that mechanism that we had in place
coming out of fourth quarter is still there.

And so if I just look at our first quarter global seed pricing, we were up 2%, and corn is also up 2%. So
that technology lift that you're mentioning is out there. Now also remember that in North America, we've
essentially priced all of the seeds that we're delivering right now back in September of last year, and that
was ahead of the big commodity run-up that we're starting to see.

So it's always a really competitive market out there. But our pricing for value strategy says that we're
going to get paid for the yield-advantaged technologies that we bring to our customers and most notably
in corn. Tim, do you want to kind of maybe mention what you're seeing out there in the market, both from
a corn and soybean perspective around what's going on in price?

Timothy P. Glenn
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CORTEVA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Yes. Absolutely, Jim. I'd say, as you said, corn pricing has been consistent with our expectations through
the course of the season and good strong execution. And I think we are getting paid for our advantaged
portfolio.

The thing we don't see is farmers switching their seed purchases based off of necessarily the price of grain
corn. And they purchase a technology package based off of the pest pressure that they deal with, and
that really doesn't vary that much. And through good times and bad, they're very consistent with their
purchases. So that's there.

We did have a slight phenomenon here in the first quarter where we had a different brand mix in the
U.S., as Jim said, a little bit less Pioneer, with the revenue recognition kind of that last mile to the hands
of the farmer. So that impacted pricing a little arbitrarily there. But I think we're consistent with where
we are. And obviously, as we look into 2022, we've got that lever, and we're clearly going to be looking
at all factors around the value of our offer, what the market conditions are. And clearly, product cost
considerations have to be part of that.

Just to touch on soybeans a little bit. As we said earlier, we're very happy with where we're positioned in
the marketplace in terms of the acceptance of Enlist E3, very widely available today and well accepted
in the marketplace. But we are in a situation right now in the U.S. market for soybeans where we're in a
period of technology transition. And that transition is, we've got Enlist E3 being rapidly adopted. We've
had Roundup Ready 2 Xtend kind of transition to Roundup Ready 2 Xtend Flex quickly. And I would say
that there is a battle for growers' attention in that marketplace. Clearly, there's an attempt to ensure that
there's penetration of those technologies and gaining rapid adoption.

And the other thing we dealt with, both on corn and soybeans this year, is that prices were set and
released to farmers in advance of when we had the significant run-up in commodity prices. So I think
prices were set fairly from where we sat in terms of that point in time when we released prices. But
clearly, we had this dramatic run-up in the fourth quarter and here into the first quarter as well.

So as you think on a more global basis, we're looking aggressively at our situation in the second half of
the year, where we're currently pricing and repricing some of our products. And we're going to factor in
those points that I made around market conditions, our cost considerations, and clearly, that product
value is at the foundation of it. So -- but it's been, I think, consistent with our expectations, but obviously,
it's a little confusing because of the near-term run-up we've had in commodity prices that's different from
when we release pricing.

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Thanks, Tim. And P.J., I know you were focused on North America. But also in the quarter, if you look at
Latin America pricing, we were up 14%. And in the quarter, Crop Protection pricing was up 6%. So as
I said, we've installed that methodology and that thinking now in the organization, and we're going to
continue to keep the focus there.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We will now take our next question from Silke Kueck from JPMorgan.

Silke Kueck-Valdes
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I have 2 questions. What is behind Europe -- what was behind like the flat Seed outlook for the first half of
the year? Is that the current -- does that have to do with the competition in the market you are seeing?

And I was wondering whether you can talk about the planting estimates and whether you think that those
are relatively conservative. Some of the ag retailers have already thought that, probably like corn acres
should be 2 million acres higher versus those initial estimates, and soybean acres might be higher by
another 2 million acres. So I was wondering if you can comment on that.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CORTEVA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

And my second question is about the negative mix in Seed that you alluded to. Is the negative mix a
function of you're selling more Brevant seed versus Pioneer? Or is it a function of your technologies being
offered on somebody else's germplasm, like for Enlist, for example, rather than your own?

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Yes. Great. So on the half, what you're seeing, you can see strong start in the first quarter, and that was
led off by the finish to Latin America and an early start to Europe. As we put that on a first half basis,
really, what's happening there is you're right, we're going to grow in North America. We're seeing acres
return in soybeans and strong, kind of, flattish acres in corn. But we're going to be down overall in Europe
on some -- mostly supply constraints in corn. So on balance, it's about flat. Now you -- on volumes.

Now you've mentioned the USDA outlook, and we're watching that very, very carefully. And with our
route-to-market approach and kind of that real tight connection right to the acre, we feel like we've put
ourselves in a really good spot, that if we do see some acres come back into this market, we're well
positioned to capitalize on that.

In terms of price and mix, it's just the flow-through of the different products. In first quarter, the heavy
flow-through of the Pioneer brand is really ahead of us in 2Q. So in first quarter, you're kind of seeing
some of that other route to market, other channel brands that are flowing through as well as the effect of
both the European and Latin America flow-through.

So I don't know if, Tim, anything else -- or Dave, anything else you have to add?

Timothy P. Glenn
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

I think the question around acres, just a point Jim made, I mean, clearly, we're working closely with
customers. We're in a, I'd say, a fairly favorable planting environment right now. You look in -- at the corn
progress report this week, and we're roughly 10 percentage points above the 5-year average for planted
corn area. And that opens the door for farmers to plant more corn.

Now at the end of the day, it's an individual decision, and farmers are going to make that on a field-
by-field basis. And so I think it's fair to say your point around more total corn and soybean acres being
planted, I think we would agree with that and probably more consistent with what our original guide was
for the year, somewhere in the 180 million to 182 million combined acres on corn and soybeans.

It's hard to make the call specifically on how much it's going to go to corn or soybeans because it is such
an individual decision. But the window is open. And as farmers make great progress planting this crop,
then it clearly creates an opportunity for a little bit more corn to be planted in places. So we're working
closely with our customers to make sure we're there to provide the needed products.

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Right. So overall, I'd say we're pretty excited about this market backdrop that Tim just talked about and
you mentioned acres-wise. And we don't believe this is just a 2021 thing. We think as we start to set up
for 2022, we have a couple of good years here from an acre and supply constraints that we're seeing
globally. And it's the right kind of problem to have. It's just really strong grain demand out there creating
those opportunities.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We will now take our next question from Kevin McCarthy from Vertical Research
Partners.

Cory Murphy
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CORTEVA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

This is Cory on for Kevin. Dave, welcome. A question for you about capital deployment. Now that you're
nearing the end of the share repurchase program, which, I believe, completing in the first half would
put you about a year ahead of schedule, can you update us on thoughts regarding deployment of excess
capital through additional repurchases or M&A after the completion of this program?

David John Anderson
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Well, it's a really good point. Jim mentioned the $450 million in the quarter approximately returned
to shareholders. That's obviously a foundational item for us when we think about capital deployment,
Cory, as you know. And as you say, we're on track probably to complete the majority of our outstanding
share buyback through the first half, certainly through the first 3 quarters of the year. So timing there will
be sort of to be determined.

But it really does open up the good point that given the cash generation of the company, is the
opportunity to continue to deliver value back to shareholders, not only in terms of the operational
performance and excellence of the company, but also through our ongoing dividend as well as the share
buyback program.

We're going to be talking more about that later in the year. We're going to have more visibility as we
complete the first half. We'll have more transparency too around -- for us internally, around the outlook for
working capital, some of the other key components for the full year. So we'll come back to you and update
you at that time.

But it's a very good question because the things you're talking about are foundational in terms of how
we're thinking about the company and we're thinking about capital employment. Hopefully, that helps.

Operator

We will now take our next question from Steve Byrne from Bank of America.

Steve Byrne
BofA Securities, Research Division

Yes. So it sounds like the rally in corn that we've seen in the last few months is probably benefiting your
crop chemical sales more than seeds, given your seed orders were locked in and effectively priced in
the fall. But can you comment a little bit about how the ag outlook has rallied in the last few months,
has affected your outlook for the next crop in 2022? Where do you think you have the most meaningful
impacts on either price/mix or market share gains?

And also, I just wanted to find out whether or not any of these logistical issues that you highlighted may
have prevented some seed deliveries in the second quarter. I heard a little bit of that from some retailer
contacts that seed orders were really, really delayed. And whether any of them might have been too late,
and that could have led to an order change.

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Steve, for the question. Clearly, a strong market backdrop, good commodity prices, net
farm income levels, where they are, provides opportunities for a grower to make an investment in their
crop, whether it's continue to purchase really, really strong high-performance seed, but also to make that
investment in a strong crop protection program.

And there is no doubt that as we come into this season here in 2021, the investments that growers are
making in weed control is really showing up. And it's maybe not as much in the corn herbicide market,
but we're really just feeling it in the soybean herbicide. And we're leading that charge with Enlist. Our
business in North America for herbicides organically -- growth-wise, revenue price volume was up 32%
in the first quarter over last year. So you can really see that momentum. And we're feeling that in other
places around the world.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CORTEVA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

So as we start to shape up for 2022, we're going to be there with a strong lineup of crop protection
products. And the overall market backdrop will give us that opportunity to, as Tim said, consider all of
those factors as we think through our pricing strategy for this next year.

In terms of the supply perspective, we really only had one small issue globally, and that's been in Europe.
And it's just been related to some production constraints that we felt this past year. There were parts of
Europe that had some real weather-related issues. It's not just a Corteva thing. There are other folks in
the industry that are feeling that similar pressure. And by and large, I think we've kind of worked our way
through it now, and we've put ourselves in a position going into '22 to have the supplies that it's going to
take.

So -- anyway, finishing off on pricing for a moment. I think the best answer to that is you just got to
look back at our track record and what we've accomplished over the years. And we've done -- we've
accomplished that track record in some pretty tough markets. And as markets start to improve, we're
going to continue to drive that going forward.

Operator

We will now take our next question from Arun Viswanathan from RBC Capital Markets.

Arun Shankar Viswanathan
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Congrats on a strong start here. I guess I just wanted to go to the cost side. You guys unveiled some
strong programs last year. And as you noted, now that the productivity or costs have increased, you're
looking at a $50 million headwind. You also had some temp costs last year. So could you just describe how
much of those costs potentially come back this year and maybe the opportunities to make some more of
those structural moving forward? Is there a potential -- or potential walk to maybe low 20s on EBITDA
margin over the next, say, several years? And if so, what would be some of the areas that you'd target to
increase productivity?

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Thanks, Arun. Clearly, we have built a discipline and a set of processes around driving productivity kind
of year in and year out. And so you're right, this year, we've talked about $250 million of productivity
programs, a lot of those aimed in our manufacturing and cost of manufacturing organization. But we will
continue to have productivity focus in other areas of the business.

One of the areas where our costs have trended down nicely has been related to this whole pandemic
and COVID and the fact that we have areas of the business where we're being just really efficient with
the investments that we're making. And we would expect a little of that cost to come back this year. Our
stance, we're pretty much trying to maintain that very kind of tight-focused stance.

And it's a little early, but as we start to think about 2022 in North America, we'll start to return to a more
normal, kind of, stance in terms of people and work and a little bit more travel maybe and a little bit more
from a focus on investments there. But I'm committed, and Dave and I have talked a lot about this, about
finding additional productivity programs so we don't let those costs creep back in. So Dave, what else
would you share?

David John Anderson
Executive VP & CFO

I would just say, too, it's a really good question because it's one that's not surprisingly a topic for our
leadership team. And particularly as we look at the strength of the first quarter, what we're delivering,
I mentioned the positive in terms of the SG&A expense that we have. And we look at that on both,
obviously, a nominal basis and also net of inflation in terms of performance that we're delivering.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CORTEVA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

The key thing is, in addition to productivity, we've also, as you know, invested behind some restructuring.
And a lot of that benefit is going to flow through in future periods. So we've got some things that are in
the stream, if you will, that are active, that are also going to benefit us going forward.

But as Jim said, this isn't just -- this isn't a static process, a very, very dynamic process. We're going to
continue to look at how do we continue to replenish this portfolio of programs and projects. And that's a
big part of delivering in terms of our forward plan.

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

And on the second half of your question around EBITDA margin improvement going forward, 2021 is a
first really good installment there. By the end of the year, we'll have added 200 basis points to our EBITDA
margin. And the trajectory that we're on, as we've talked about before, is to continue to drive EBITDA
towards those midterm growth targets that we laid out. And you'll continue to see those EBITDA margins
climb.

Operator

We will now take our final question from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs.

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Maybe a question for Dave Anderson, and just thinking about maybe your early reflections on the capital
structure and the way Corteva manages the very significant working capital seasonality, the cash balance
associated with that. And then just given your kind of prior and very successful career at Honeywell,
managing significant legacy liabilities, any thoughts on opportunities that -- to do anything with the
pension to maybe relieve that burden from a liability perspective?

David John Anderson
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. It's a really good question. Again, it's against the backdrop of the strength of our operating
performance and our cash flow outlook, that multiyear guidance that we've given in terms of cumulative
cash from operations through 2022. So that really does provide us the foundation -- as I mentioned
earlier, that provides us the foundation in terms of flexibility going forward.

I think it's a really, really timely question given that. And it's one that Jim and I have talked about. We'll
have, obviously, the opportunity to do deeper analysis, working with not only the finance team, but others
in the organization, sharing some thoughts with the Board, coming back and, later in the year, probably
sharing more thoughts also with investors.

So that's something I would say is very much on our minds. I would say right now, the thing that we're
really focused on is just continuing to execute operationally, deliver the margin expansion and deliver,
obviously, the cash flow for the year and continue to reward shareholders, not only through our operating
performance, but also through our ongoing dividend and our share buyback program. And then that gives
us optionality. And I think that's a plus. I would say we look forward to giving you updates on that as we
go forward.

And I would put pension into that category. And you're right, I've had a fair amount of experience in that.
It's just something you do over the course of your career. So it's one of the things I'll be working to with
the team around in terms of options that we have there. Thanks for the question.

James C. Collins
CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Adam. Excellent. Well, we thank you all for joining the call today and really appreciate your
interest in Corteva. Have a great day.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CORTEVA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

CORTEVA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

