Devon Energy Corporation NYSE:DVN
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, November 03, 2021 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.93

1.08

Revenue  (mm)

2394.39

3466.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-03-2021 10:28 AM GMT

16.13

44.76

1.22

3.34

4.88

2751.43

8709.89

10043.23

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.03

0.32

0.53

0.93

0.00

0.45

0.60

1.08

(100.00 %)

40.62 %

13.21 %

16.13 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Clay M. Gaspar
Executive VP & COO

Jeffrey L. Ritenour
Executive VP & CFO

Richard E. Muncrief
President, CEO & Director

Scott Coody
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Arun Jayaram
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

Jeanine Wai
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

John Christopher Freeman
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Matthew Merrel Portillo
Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.
Securities, LLC, Research Division

Neal David Dingmann
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Scott Michael Hanold
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to the Devon Energy's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call
is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Coody, Vice President of Investor
Relations. Sir, you may begin.

Scott Coody
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, and thank you to everyone for joining us on the call today. Last night, we issued an
earnings release and presentation that cover our results for the quarter and our forward-looking outlook.
Throughout the call today, we'll make references to our earnings presentation to support our prepared
remarks, and these slides can be found on our website.

Also joining me on the call today are Rick Muncrief, our President and CEO; Clay Gaspar, our Chief
Operating Officer; Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer; and a few members of our senior management
team.

Comments today will include plans, forecasts and estimates that are forward-looking statements under
U.S. securities law. These comments are subject to assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause
actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements. Please take note of the cautionary language
and risk factors provided in our SEC filings and earnings materials.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick.

Richard E. Muncrief
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Scott. It's great to be here this morning. We appreciate everyone taking the time to join us on
the call today.

Devon's third quarter results were outstanding, once again showcasing the power of our Delaware-focused
asset portfolio and the benefits of our financially driven business model. Our team's unwavering focus on
operations excellence has established impressive momentum that has allowed us to capture efficiencies,
accelerate free cash flow, reduce leverage and return a market-leading amount of cash to shareholders.
Simply put, we are delivering on exactly what our shareholder-friendly business model was designed for,
and that is to lead the energy industry in capital discipline and cash returns.

Now moving to Slide 4. While our strategy is a clear differentiator for Devon, the success of this approach
is underpinned by our high-quality asset portfolio that is headlined by our world-class acreage position in
the Delaware Basin. With this advantaged portfolio, we possess a multi-decade resource opportunity in the
best position plays on the U.S. cost curve. And with this sustainable resource base, we are positioned to
win multiple ways with our balanced commodity exposure.

While our production is leveraged to oil, nearly half our volumes come from natural gas and NGLs,
providing us with meaningful revenue exposure to each of these valuable products. This balance and
diversification are critically important to Devon's long-term success.

As you can see on Slide 5, the strength of our operations and the financial benefits of our strategy were
on full display with our third quarter results. This is evidenced by several noteworthy accomplishments,
including: we completed another batch of excellent wells in Delaware Basin that drove volumes 5% above
our guidance. We maintained our capital allocation in a very disciplined way by limiting our reinvestment
rates to only 30% of our cash flow. We're continuing to capture synergies and drive per unit cost lower.
We are also achieving a more than eightfold increase in our free cash flow. We're increasing our fixed and
variable dividend payout by 71%. We're improving our financial strength by reducing net debt 16% in the
quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Overall, it was another tremendous quarter for Devon, and I especially want to congratulate our
employees and our investors for these special results.

Now moving to Slide 6. While 2021 is wrapping up to be a great year for Devon, the investment thesis
only gets stronger as I look ahead to next year. Although we're still working to finalize the details of our
2022 plan, I want to emphasize that our strategic framework remains unchanged, and we will continue
to prioritize free cash flow generation over the pursuit of volume growth. As we have stated many
times in the past, we have no intention of adding incremental barrels into the market until demand side
fundamentals sustainably recover and it becomes evident that OPEC+ spare oil capacity is effectively
absorbed by the world markets.

With this disciplined approach and to sustain our production profile in 2022, we are directionally planning
on an upstream capital program in the range of $1.9 billion to $2.2 billion. Importantly, with our operating
efficiency gains and improved economies of scale, we can fund this program at a WTI breakeven price of
around $30. This low breakeven funding level is a testament to the great work the team has done over the
past few years to streamline our cost structure and optimize our capital efficiency. Being positioned as a
low-cost producer provides us with a wide margin of safety to continue to execute on all facets of our cash
return model.

With our 2022 outlook, Devon will have one of the most advantaged cash flow growth outlooks in the
industry. At today's prices, with the full benefit of the merger synergies and an improved hedge book,
we're positioned for cash flow growth of more than 40% compared to 2021. As you can see on the graph,
this strong outlook translates into a free cash flow yield of 18% at an $80 WTI price. The key takeaway
here is that 2022 is shaping up to be an excellent year for Devon shareholders.

Now jumping ahead to Slide 8. The top priority of our free cash flow is the funding of our fixed plus
variable dividend. This unique dividend policy is specifically designed for our commodity-driven business
and provides us the flexibility to return more cash to shareholders than virtually any other opportunity in
the markets today.

Now to demonstrate this point, we've included a simple comparison of our estimated dividend yield in
2022 based on our preliminary guidance. As you can see, Devon's implied dividend is not only more
than double that of the energy sector, but this yield is vastly superior to every sector in the S&P 500
Index. In fact, at today's pricing, Devon's yield is more than 7x higher than the average company that is
represented in the S&P 500 Index. Now that's truly something to think about in the yield-starved world we
currently live in.

Moving on to Slide 9. With our improving free cash flow outlook and strong financial position, I'm
excited to announce the next step in our cash return strategy with the authorization of a $1 billion
share repurchase program. This program is equivalent to approximately 4% of Devon's current market
capitalization and is authorized through year-end 2022. Jeff will cover this topic in greater detail later in
the call, but this opportunistic buyback is a great complement to our dividend strategy and provides us
with another capital allocation tool to enhance per-share results for shareholders.

Now skipping ahead to Slide 11 and to close out my prepared remarks, I want to summarize Devon's
unique investment proposition through 3 simple charts. Beginning on the far left chart, our business is
positioned to generate cash flow growth of more than 20 -- 40% in 2022, which is vastly superior to most
other opportunities in the market. As you can see in the middle chart, this strong growth translates into an
18% free cash flow yield that will be deployed to dividends, buybacks and the continued improvement of
our balance sheet.

And lastly, on the far right chart, even with all these outstanding financial attributes, we still trade at a
very attractive valuation, especially compared to the broader market indices. We believe this to be another
catalyst for our share price appreciation as more and more investors discover Devon's unique investment
proposition.

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Clay to cover some of the great operational results we delivered in
the third quarter. Clay?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Clay M. Gaspar
Executive VP & COO

Thank you, Rick. Hey, good morning, everybody.

In summary, Devon's third quarter impressive results were the result of tremendous execution across
nearly every aspect of our business. We had wins in environmental and safety performance, operational
improvements, continued cultural alignment, strong well productivity, cost control, significant margin
expansion and ultimately, excellent returns on the invested capital. This recurring trend of operational
excellence, while managing significant organizational change and macro stress has now been established
over multiple quarters and is a testament to the Devon employees and strong leadership throughout the
organization.

As I look forward to '22 and beyond, I believe we're positioned to continue delivering but also take our
performance to an even higher level of cohesion and productivity. Providing the energy to fuel today's
modern world is critically important work. I'm very proud of what we do and how we do it. As I look
forward to Devon's near and long-term goals, I'm confident in our ability to deliver on society's ever-
increasing expectations.

Let's turn to Slide 13, and we can dig into the Delaware Basin. Devon's operational performance in the
quarter was once again driven by our world-class Delaware Basin assets, where roughly 80% of our capital
was deployed. With this capital investment, we continue to maintain steady activity levels by running 13
operated rigs and 4 frac crews, bringing on 52 wells during the quarter. As you can see in the bottom left
of this slide, this focused development program translated into another quarter of robust volume growth,
and our continued cost performance allowed us to capture the full impact of the higher commodity prices.

Turning your attention to the map on the right side. Our well productivity across the basin continued to
be outstanding in the quarter. With the results headlined by our Boundary Raider project. Some may
recall that this is not the first time we've delivered on impressive results from this well pad. Back in 2018,
our original Boundary Raider project developed a package of Bone Spring wells that set a record for the
highest rate wells ever brought online in the ever brought online in the Delaware Basin. Fast forward to
today, this addition of the Boundary Raider went further downhole to develop an overpressured section in
the Upper Wolfcamp. This project also delivered exceptionally high rates with our best well delivering an
initial 30-day production rates of 7,300 BOE per day, of which more than that -- more than 60% of that
was oil. I call that pretty good for a secondary target.

Moving a bit east into Lea County, another result for this quarter was our Cobra project, where the team
executed on a 3-mile Wolfcamp development. This pad outperformed our pre-drill expectations by more
than 10%, with the top well achieving 30-day rates as high as 6,300 BOE per day. In addition to the
strong flow rates, this activity helped us prove the economics of the Wolfcamp inventory in the area,
further deepening the resource-rich opportunity we hold in the Delaware.

Turning to Slide 14. With the strong operating results we delivered this quarter, high-margin oil
production in the Delaware Basin continued to expand and rapidly advance, growing 39% year-over-
year. Importantly, the returns on invested capital to deliver this growth were some of the highest I have
seen in my career, bolstered by rising strip prices and the capital efficiency improvements we have
delivered this year. These efficiencies are evidenced on the right-hand chart, where our average D&C costs
improved to $554 per lateral foot in the third quarter, a decrease of 41% from just a few years ago. While
we have likely found the bottom of this cycle earlier this year, the team continues to make operational
breakthroughs that have thus far fought back most of the inflationary pressure.

We continue to win from a fresh perspective, blending teams and also still relatively -- we're still working
to know each other pretty early on. These accomplishments are clearly demonstrated and the great
work our team has done to drive improvements across the entire planning and execution of our resource
to maintain this high level of performance into 2022, and we are focused on staying out ahead of the
inflationary pressures that are impacting not just our industry, but all aspects of the broader society.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

While our consistency and scale in the Delaware are a huge advantage, the supply chain team is working
hard to anticipate issues, mitigate bottlenecks and work with the asset teams to adjust plans to optimize
our cost structure and future capital activity.

Turning to Slide 15. Another asset I'd like to put in the spotlight today is our position in the Anadarko
Basin, where we have a concentrated 300,000 net acre position in the liquids-rich window of the play.
As you may know, Rick and I both have a historical tie to this basin, and we're thrilled to get to see the
great work that our teams are doing to unlock this value for investors. A key objective for us this year in
the Anadarko Basin is to reestablish operational continuity by leveraging the drilling carry from our joint
venture agreement with Dow.

By way of background, in late 2019, we formed a partnership with Dow in a promoted deal where Dow
earns half of our interest on 133 undrilled locations in exchange for $100 million drilling carry. With the
benefits of this drilling carry, we're drilling around 30 wells this year, and our initial wells from this activity
were brought on during the quarter. The 4-well Miller-Miller project is an up-spaced Woodford development
in Canadian County and is off to a great start with both D&C costs and well productivity outperforming
pre-drill expectations.

Initial 30-day rates averaged 2,700 BOE per day, and completed well costs came in under budget at
around $8 million per well. While I'm proud of how well the team hit the ground running as we get our
processes lined out and efficiencies dialed in, I foresee material improvements in well costs ahead. The
leverage returns from this carried activity will complete -- will compete effectively for capital with any
asset in our portfolio. In fact, the strength of natural gas and NGL pricing, the performance we're seeing in
the Anadarko Basin will likely command relatively more capital than it did in '21.

Moving to Slide 16. While the Delaware Basin is clearly the growth engine of our company and we're
excited about the upside for the Anadarko, we also have several high-quality assets in the oil fairway of
the U.S. that generates substantial free cash flow. While these assets don't typically grab the headlines,
their strong performance is essential to the continued success of our strategy. These teams are doing
great work to improve our environmental footprint, drive the capital program, optimize base production
and keeping our cost structure low.

As an example, Williston will generate over $700 million of 2021 free cash flow. Collectively, these assets
are on pace to generate nearly $1.5 billion of free cash flow this year.

Lastly, on Slide 17, with our diversified portfolio concentrated in the very best U.S. resource plays, we
have a deep inventory of opportunities that underpin the long-term sustainability of our business model.
As you may have heard me talk about in prior quarters, we have a brutal capital allocation process in
regards to the competitiveness of how we seek the best investment mix for the company.

The first step of this process is to make sure that all the teams are working from the same assumptions
and inputs. Since the close of our merger earlier this year, we have undertaken a very disciplined and
rigorous approach to characterize risk, forced rank the opportunity set across our portfolio. This inventory
disclosure is the result of that detailed subsurface work and evaluation across our portfolio that we
converted into a single consolidated platform to ensure consistency.

Turning your attention to the middle bar on the chart. At our pace of activity, we possess more than a
decade of low-risk and high-return inventory of what we believe to be in a mid-cycle price deck. As you
would expect, about 70% of our inventory resides in the Delaware Basin, providing the depth of inventory
to sustain our strong capital efficiency for many years to come.

Let me be clear. In this exercise, we are focused on compiling a very important slice of our total inventory.
This summary is not meant to convey the full extent of the possible with these incredible resources. These
are only operated, essentially all long lateral, up-spaced wells that deliver competitive returns in a $55 oil
environment.

Moving to the bar on the far right of the chart, we also expect inventory depth to continue to expand
as we capture additional efficiencies, optimize spacing and further delineate the rich geologic column

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

across our acreage footprint. We expect a significant portion of the upside opportunities to convert into our
derisked inventory over time.

Examples of this upside include the massive resource potential in the Lower Wolfcamp intervals, continued
appraisal success in the Powder River Basin and the significant liquids-rich opportunity we possess in the
Anadarko Basin. The bottom line here is that we have an abundance of high economic opportunity to not
only sustain but grow our cash flow per share for many years to come.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff for the financial review.

Jeffrey L. Ritenour
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Clay. I'd like to spend my time today discussing the substantial progress we've made
advancing our financial strategy and highlight the next steps we plan to take to increase cash returns to
shareholders.

A good place to start is with the review of Devon's financial performance in the third quarter, where
Devon's earnings and cash flow per share growth rapidly expanded and comfortably exceeded consensus
estimates. Operating cash flow for the third quarter totaled $1.6 billion, an impressive increase of 46%
compared to last quarter. This level of cash flow generation comfortably funded our capital spending
requirements and generated $1.1 billion of free cash flow in the quarter. This result represents the highest
amount of free cash flow generation Devon has ever delivered in a single quarter and is a powerful
example of the financial results our cash return business model can deliver.

Turning your attention to Slide 7. With this significant stream of free cash flow, a differentiating
component of our financial strategy is our ability and willingness to accelerate the return of cash to
shareholders through our fixed-plus-variable dividend framework. This dividend strategy has been
uniquely designed to provide us the flexibility to optimize the return of cash to shareholders across a
variety of market conditions through the cycle. Under our framework, we pay a fixed dividend every
quarter and evaluate a variable distribution of up to 50% of the remaining free cash flow. With the strong
financial results we delivered this quarter, the Board approved a 71% increase in our dividend payout
versus last quarter to $0.84 per share. This is the fourth quarter in a row we have increased the dividend
and is by far the highest quarterly dividend payout in Devon's 50-year history.

As you can see on the bar chart to the left, at current market prices, we expect our dividend growth story
to only strengthen in 2022. In fact, at today's pricing, we are on pace to nearly double our dividend next
year.

Moving to Slide 10. In addition to higher dividends, we've also returned value to shareholders through our
efforts to reduce debt and improve our balance sheet. So far this year, we've made significant progress
towards this initiative by retiring over $1.2 billion of outstanding notes. In conjunction with this absolute
debt reduction, we've also added to our liquidity, building a $2.3 billion cash balance at quarter end.

With this substantial cash build and reduction in debt, we've reached our net debt-to-EBITDA leverage
target of 1 turn or less. Even with this advantaged balance sheet, we're not done making improvements.
We have identified additional opportunities to improve our financial strength by retiring approximately
$1.0 billion of premium -- excuse me, low-premium debt in 2022 and 2023. Importantly, Devon has the
flexibility to execute on this debt reduction with cash already accumulated on the balance sheet.

And to round out my prepared remarks this morning, I'd like to provide some thoughts on the $1 billion
share repurchase program we announced last night. While the top priority for free cash flow remains the
funding of our market-leading dividend yield, we believe this buyback authorization provides us another
excellent capital allocation tool to enhance per-share results for shareholders. Given the cyclical nature of
our business, we'll be very disciplined with this authorization, only transacting when our equity trades at a
discounted valuation to historical multiples and the multiple levels of our highest quality peers. We believe
the double-digit free cash flow yield or equity delivers, as outlined on Slide 6 represents a unique buying
opportunity.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

The reduction in outstanding shares further improves our impressive cash flow per share growth and adds
to the variable dividend per share for our shareholders. With these disciplined criteria, guiding our decision
making, we'll look to opportunistically repurchase our equity in the open market once our corporate
blackout expires later this week.

So in summary, our financial strategy is working well. We have excellent liquidity and our business is
generating substantial free cash flow. We're positioned to significantly grow our dividend payout over the
next year. The go-forward business will have an ultra-low leverage ratio of 1 turn or less, and we'll look to
boost per-share results by opportunistically repurchasing our shares.

And with that, I'll now turn the call back to Rick for some closing comments.

Richard E. Muncrief
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Jeff. Great job.

In closing today, I'd like to highlight a few things. Number one, Devon is meeting the demands of
investors with our capital discipline, earnings and cash flow growth, market-leading dividend payout, debt
reduction and now a share buyback program.

Number two, Devon is also meeting the demands of the market with our strong oil production results,
great exposure to natural gas and NGLs, along with our consistent execution.

And number three, lastly, Devon is also meeting the demands of society by providing a reliable energy
before the pandemic, during the pandemic and as we emerge from the pandemic.

Our people throughout the 5 states where we operate continue to show up for work and work safely.
We didn't overreact with our capital program during the pandemic like many others did. We actually
strengthened the company with a merger.

And finally, we're laser-focused on achieving our stated short-term, midterm and long-term ESG targets.
We're proud of the work we've done and look forward to continuing meeting the needs of investors, the
market and society for the foreseeable future. Devon is a premier energy company, and we're excited
about the value we'll consistently provide to all of our important stakeholders.

And with that, I will now turn the call back over to Scott for Q&A.

Scott Coody
Vice President of Investor Relations
Thanks, Rick. We'll now open the call to Q&A. [Operator Instructions] With that, operator, we'll take our
first question.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan Securities.

Arun Jayaram
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Rick, I wanted to maybe start off talking about the inventory depth slide that you put out, 11-plus years
of low-risk development opportunity, 70% in the Delaware Basin. We have seen a couple of large Permian
Basin trades with Conoco and Pioneer earlier this year. So I wanted to get your thoughts on how you're
thinking about portfolio renewal, just given that inventory depth. And perhaps Clay could also comment on
the ability to derisk some of the wells in that 2,500-well bucket, including that deeper Wolfcamp zone.

Richard E. Muncrief
President, CEO & Director

Yes, it's a great question, Arun. And I'll have Clay weigh in and provide some more details.

The way we're looking at it is, number one, as Clay talked about, we did a very comprehensive deep dive.
We -- and once again, these numbers are strictly operated. So we have not operated projects out there
that are not in this county. We wanted to make it really clear that these are operated and we're going to
control the drilling and completion activities.

We also contemplated many of the sections that have been set up as 1-mile laterals are now 2-mile
laterals with some of the acreage consolidations that we've seen. And in some cases where you've got the
federal units, especially on the New Mexico side, we've seen now the opportunities to drill more and more
of the 3-mile laterals. And you saw the results that we just put up, not only this past quarter but over the
last year or so. So really, really attractive opportunities.

I think there's going to continue to be opportunities for us to replenish our inventory there and a lot of this
-- you mentioned a couple of transactions that have taken place in the broader Permian but specifically in
the -- on the Delaware side, you laid out the Conoco's purchase of the shale acreage.

I can tell you, Arun, that we operate wells that are the Shell had nonoperated interest in. We have
opportunities to do a lot more trading and I think optimizing our portfolio. That's the first thing I'll add to,
and I think that's going to optimize -- even further optimize the returns we get.

And then there's -- there are going to be other small opportunities out there. We're really focused on bolt-
on type of things that really make industrial -- make a lot of sense from an industrial perspective. And so I
think you'll continue to see that.

I'll also just weigh in. The last 2 days, we've had an internal tech conference. And when I look at the
unbelievable technology that's being employed by Devon today as we find more and more opportunities
within the acreage we're already operating, I got real excited. And I think the entire organization is excited
about what the future looks like.

And so those are a couple of ideas that we have, and I'm confident that our team will continue to keep a
long runway of inventory opportunities out front. So Clay, you may want to add to that?

Clay M. Gaspar
Executive VP & COO

Yes. Thanks, Rick. I'll just kind of reiterate a couple of your points. Number one, Arun, as you well know,
we're always trying to drill our best well next. And it's amazing to me, as long as we've all been in this
business, today, we're drilling the best wells we've ever drilled. And it's not because we save them until
today. It's because our teams have continued to innovate, get better, how do we get on the efficiency side,
how do we figure out how to wring out the most optimal amount of resource from these incredible plays,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

how do we understand the plays. What Rick was just talking about some of the technology we're involving
today is absolutely outstanding.

Second tip of the hat I'd like to provide is to the land team, and Rick mentioned this that the incredible
work that's been done in trading around our core areas just makes us all better. I mean both parties
typically in the trade, we're like-for-like exchanging. At the same time, we're extending laterals. We're
building efficiencies in a ground floor level and that just makes us better. And so those things will
continue.

So specific to your comment on moving some of the derisked -- or excuse me, the upside inventory to
the derisked inventory, absolutely, that will happen. The luxury that we have today is because we have
so much quality out in front of us, we don't have to invest in a significant amount into that derisking
program. So we could accelerate it faster, but we're going to be very measured about this. By far, most
of our investment is just plowing the ground, driving down costs, getting exceptionally efficient and just
wringing out that free cash flow machine that we talk about strategically.

So that will -- I have a high degree of confidence of that 2,500 wells. And by the way, it's a whole lot more
than 2,500. We'll eventually roll into the derisked bucket. And it's not too much of a stretch to say when
we drill those, some of those will be the best wells that we've ever drilled even 5 and 10 years from now.

Arun Jayaram
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. And my follow-up is for Jeff. I wondered if you could just maybe provide a little bit more color on
how management and the Board is thinking about the buyback. Jeff, you mentioned that maybe post
the blackout in a couple of days, you would opportunistically look to be back perhaps using the buyback
authorization. But I wanted to get a sense of maybe you could better define the sense of opportunistic
nature of the buyback and thoughts on do you think you'd get the $1 billion done by year-end 2022.

Jeffrey L. Ritenour
Executive VP & CFO

Oh absolutely, Arun. I mean where we sit today and we look at -- again, I'll point you back to Slide 6,
which was in our deck, if you look at picture price deck, at a 15% to 20% free cash flow yield, we think an
investment in Devon stock is an absolute no-brainer where we sit today. You compare that to the multiples
we're trading at relative to our highest-quality peers, probably again, a 0.5 turn to 1 turn below those
folks. And I think it was a pretty easy decision for our Board to go ahead and approve the $1 billion share
repurchase.

And so as I made comments in our open, once we get to the blackout here at the end of this week, we
expect to jump into the market and really get after it. So we're excited about the investment opportunity
that we have, marry it with the fixed and variable dividend framework, I mean just to be candid, there just
isn't anybody else in our sector that's providing this kind of cash returns to our shareholders.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Nice quarter here. I want to start off on the NGL side of the equation because it doesn't get enough
attention in your portfolio, but it's been a hidden driver of a lot of the cash flow generation. Can you just
remind us how that business is set up here as you think about the fourth quarter into 2022? Obviously,
Anadarko is a little bit more liquids rich and how that changes where that asset in particular, competes
within the portfolio.

Clay M. Gaspar
Executive VP & COO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Yes. No, Neil, it's a great, great question. We appreciate you making the point for us because, again, it's
been a real high point for us throughout this year, obviously, with the tailwind that we've seen on NGL
prices. Just to remind folks, in 2021, we're producing over 130,000 barrels a day of NGLs. And I would
expect moving into 2022, you'll see that grow a bit moving forward. So it's been a really nice tailwind for
us. And as you point out, it's not an insignificant portion of the cash flow that we're delivering and the free
cash flow that we're delivering this year and expect that to grow, moving into '22.

Richard E. Muncrief
President, CEO & Director

Really I'd expand on that a little bit. And Neil, you have -- certainly, you and your firm have your own
view, but ours is that we're pretty constructive on NGL pricing as the worldwide economy just continues
to get stronger and stronger. And so I think a point has been made. It's a real nice position to be in when
you can see these kind of volumes be put up and helps cash flow in a big way.

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Yes. I agree with that point. And then the follow-up is just when do you think about moving outside of this
maintenance load type of program. The business model that's been set up here is generate a lot of free
cash and return that capital to shareholders. But when do you think it makes sense to actually pursue a
modest degree of growth? And what are the signals that you're looking for whether it's demand signals,
OPEC spare capacity to make that call?

Richard E. Muncrief
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think the way we're looking at it, Neil, is we're really focused, as we said in our remarks on cash
flow per share growth. And it's -- when you start looking at 40% cash flow growth in '22 over '21, just
keeping your volumes flat, absolute volume growth really doesn't have appeal. We just need to -- we need
to make sure that -- as we said, the OPEC+ barrels are back in the market, and we'll watch things and
we're going to be thoughtful.

But if you think about our retiring or repurchasing actually 4% of your shares, you are going to get some
per-share production growth. And I think most of the investors that we talk to, that's plenty good for
them. And that's kind of how we're thinking about it.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America.

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

I've had some phone line issues this morning, so I just want to check, you can all hear me okay.

Richard E. Muncrief
President, CEO & Director

We sure can.

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

Excellent. Well, thanks, Rick, for the presentation. I got a couple of questions, I guess. The first one is
on the breakeven. And I just want to make sure I'm reading this right. So your $30 sustaining capital
breakeven is using $2.50 gas, which is obviously quite a bit below where the strip is right now. So given
your comments about your gas exposure, if you use current strip, what do you think your sustainable
breakeven is? And if I may tag on maybe to that, what is the embedded cash tax assumption in that
breakeven?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Jeffrey L. Ritenour
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Doug, just I frankly haven't done the math to give you an exact number, but it's certainly lower, and
I would guess somewhere in the mid-20s would be the breakeven using the current strip of the, call it, $3
to $4 on gas prices and then NGLs as well.

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

And on the cash side, too?

Jeffrey L. Ritenour
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Yes, on a cash tax basis, you'll see we kind of denoted that again on Slide 6 in our presentation,
where things sit today and where commodity prices sit, we'll have to see how the rest of this year shakes
out to give you an exact answer on where our NOL balance will land. But generally speaking, we think it's
going to be around $3 billion that we'll carry forward into 2022. On top of that, we'll have some foreign
tax credits, which will also help us shield some of our income in next year.

So again, depending on where commodity prices shake out, we'll be in a pretty good position to shield a
fair amount of that taxable income. However, we're guessing it's going to be somewhere in the mid-single
digits will kind of be our current tax rate as we move into 2022. And that's what we've assumed in the
forecast that we've outlined on that Slide 6 that I referenced earlier.

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

Okay. My follow-up is, first of all, Rick, I'm delighted to see the buyback introduced, and we'll see how
that plays out. But I guess, the question I have is your variable dividend is a big nut in the context of the
total cash return. But I think you know my view on this, which is that it's somewhat backward looking.
I don't think the market necessarily gives you a discounted go-forward variable dividend as something
that they're prepared to recognize. So buybacks are more permanent. It buys you growth per share. How
should we expect the split between the 2 to evolve over time?

Richard E. Muncrief
President, CEO & Director

Well, I think the way we're looking at now, the variable dividend concept, this is -- I guess, here in
December will be the fourth quarterly distribution. So it's -- I'd say it's still relatively new.

It's been very, very well received. We think it's very prudent. We agree with your comments on the share
repurchase. Those are permanent and meaningful. But I think with the variable dividend, we've had a lot
of discussions. Some people have really asked us about, are we wanting to bump that up to, say, a 75%
threshold or something. And I think for us, we think the 50% is a very, very prudent level. Let's see how
this plays out.

We talked the base dividend, this variable dividend, now the share repurchase. And then as Jeff talked
about the debt reduction, those all really, I think, add up to a very, very compelling story for shareholders,
something that we feel really good about. So I think that -- we'll see how the share repurchase program
goes. I think a question will be down -- this question you're asking, give us a few months, give us a few
quarters, and let's see how things play out, what really makes sense. But that's really how we're looking
at it. I think a balanced approach is pretty hard to compete with.

And Jeff, you may have some additional comments.

Jeffrey L. Ritenour
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

I would just -- I would reiterate that last point, Doug, which is we feel like we're delivering all of the
above. So whatever your favorite mechanism for cash returns, an investment in Devon is delivering that.

As Rick mentioned, as we move into next year, we settle out to the budget, figure out down the line item
how we think the business is going to perform. My guess is we're going to have opportunities to even build
further on this framework with the potential to raise the fixed dividend on a go-forward basis. And then
we'll reevaluate other additions to the framework as we move through the year and see cash build.

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

Let me close out with a comment because you've led the market on this. You've been early to it,
and I think you're really changing the perception of what the E&P business model can look like. So
congratulations on that.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Jeanine Wai with Barclays.

Jeanine Wai
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Maybe just following up on Arun and Doug's questions on the buyback, can you just address how you
specifically determine the size and the time frame of the authorization? Should we think about you
revisiting either the buyback or the percent variable payout once kind of get through a good portion of
that $1 billion gross debt reduction? Or are those decisions independent?

I know you just mentioned that the 50% is prudent at this time. You'll have to see how the business
performs and it sounds like maybe in a couple of quarters, you might revisit that, but just maybe dig in a
little bit deeper on that on how it relates to the debt reduction.

Jeffrey L. Ritenour
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, that's right, Jeanine. I appreciate the question. We -- as I mentioned just on the last question, I think
that the first thing we'll probably look to add on to our framework would be a potential raise of the fixed
dividend. But absolutely, we're going to reconsider, as we work our way through next year, should we
upsize the share repurchase program beyond the $1 billion. If we get to the end of the year and our cash
build exceeds our expectations, I think you could consider a special dividend. And then certainly, we would
reevaluate the 50% threshold on the variable dividend.

However, I would just point out, we think there's real value and consistency of maintaining that
framework. And so I think, generally, you'll see us work around the edges in some of these other items
that we've talked about. But those are all things that we'll debate with the Board as we work our way
through the year.

To your question about how do we determine size. Really, it was just a function of looking forward with our
projections using what we think is a rational price deck, a normalized price deck. And $1 billion felt like a
fair amount. But again, as I mentioned earlier, we'll reevaluate that as we work our way through it and see
how it performs and certainly, we'll have the potential to upsize that with our Board.

Jeanine Wai
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Great. Sounds great. Maybe my -- our second question is on the '22 budget. So we know there's a few
moving pieces in the midstream side and the other buckets as well. Are there any opportunities that you
can walk us through on the midstream and the other bucket side and how those should trend year-over-
year now that the integration of WPX is complete?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

And I think on the upstream side, the $1.9 billion to $2.2 billion forecast, is there anything else there
other than inflation that is driving the range? For example, anything on efficiencies or anything macro
related?

Clay M. Gaspar
Executive VP & COO

Jeanine, thanks for the question. It's Clay. Yes, I would say on the E&P part specifically, we all -- we love
that our team continues to be more efficient. There's always that hope and that opportunity ahead. I can
tell you we've got some pretty good headwinds coming toward us, as an industry, inflationary-wise. So
will we be able to fully offset inflation? In this case, we have not assumed that we would. We've baked in
something north of 10%, call it, 10% to 15% inflation into our E&P operations.

And then the above -- the other items, midstream, the other spend, some of the corporate capital and the
ESG spend, that's something that we're probably going to lean into a little harder this year in the range,
you could probably say about $200 million, which would probably be sort of a high-water mark. I don't
expect this every year, but I think there's some opportunities for us to really take some significant steps
to build out a little bit ahead, make sure that we are being a little bit more forward thinking on some of
our infrastructure and that will allow us to run our operations smoother, including important factors like
environmental.

So I think this is -- kind of gives you an idea of what we're thinking about. And of course, we'll continue to
refine this as we seek Board approval. And next visit with you guys, we'll give -- offer more details.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of John Freeman with Raymond James.

John Christopher Freeman
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Just kind of a follow-up on Jeanine's question. So you've mentioned that the drilling efficiencies that
you've done a remarkable job on that have compressed the cycle times has been pulling forward activity.
I'm curious on the 2022 preliminary plan, does that assume that you'll have a static rig and frac crews
relative to the 16 rigs, 5 crews you have currently? Or does that assume potentially doing more over the
last -- next year?

Clay M. Gaspar
Executive VP & COO

Yes. I would say, John, it's directionally the same. We consider it flat activity. You know how it works.
Well, depending on working interest, other factors, rigs will come and go. We're always upgrading fleets.
Contract rolls off, contract rolls on. But -- and directionally, we are flat and consistent in our operations.
And I can tell you it's part of our inflationary hedge is that consistency.

As we look to our suppliers and try and get goal alignment with these important partners, I can tell you
what they want to know is that we are going to be very consistent in our operations through the fourth
quarter of this year, we're not abnormally dropping rigs and trying to monkey with the system and then as
we roll into next year. And so I think that level of consistency helps tremendously internally and externally
as well.

John Christopher Freeman
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Great. And then just my follow-up question, the terrific result on the Boundary Raider project. And just, I
guess, any additional color there in terms of repeatability kind of running room in that area? Any sort of
rate-throughs and anything you did on the completion design or anything else that you might be able to
take to some of the other areas?

Clay M. Gaspar

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Executive VP & COO

Yes, John, I think it's -- we're at the point of evolution where it's a million small things. And so I think
every new pad that we drill, we're continuing to improve. And it's -- we're shaving minutes and we're
shaving just the small single percentage increases on all these efficiency gains really continue to add up.
I think in this particular case, we were sitting on top of some amazing geology. That certainly helps in this
business.

But I think I look across the board, and you're right, I see the efficiency gains, some of the capital that we
saw in the third quarter and as we roll into fourth quarter, there's some efficiency being baked in from the
drilling and from the completion side that, as you know, start stacking capital up a little bit.

We've considered that as we look to '22. We haven't built additional efficiency gains into '22. And as I
mentioned on the previous question, we've actually acknowledged some pretty significant exposure for
inflation. And I think that's a prudent step to take.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Neal Dingmann with Truist Securities.

Neal David Dingmann
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

I don't want to belabor the shareholder return. Obviously, though it is that topics early these days. And
Rick, I remember maybe several months ago early on, and you commented at that time. This is, I think,
maybe even from just the one variable dividend that you thought maybe you weren't being properly
compensated. I'm just wondering, as you sit now with several under your belt, I think you've all have been
properly compensated for these? And if not, would you consider lowering the formula or doing something
different on a go forward?

Richard E. Muncrief
President, CEO & Director

Neal, I think we have been rewarded to a degree. I think -- but if you ask Scott Coody, the number of
phone calls, inbound phone calls that he's getting from more and more generalist investors and people,
quite honestly, he's never talked to or even heard of, that's extremely encouraging.

So I think we have started to see the tip of the iceberg on our recognition, the appreciation of how --
what a strong tool is variable dividend is. So yes, I think if you go back to our conversation we had
several months ago, I think it was still just a little bit of a wait and see. And we talked, I think, at that
time about interestingly enough, if you're just a yield investor, you're out and mining for yield comparing
opportunities. If you look at Bloomberg, FactSet, places like that, it just picks up that fixed dividend. It
doesn't always contemplate the variables or specials and those sorts of things.

So I think there's a little bit of a wait-and-see mode now. You fast forward to where we are today, and I
think we have seen some recognition of that. The feedback we get from our shareholders. We've seen the
shareholder base actually change a fair amount.

So I think the calls we're getting would probably illustrate that, yes, we're starting to get some recognition
of the power of that variable dividend. And certainly, I think when people open the envelope here at the
end of the year on this $0.84 per share dividend, that's a nice one. So I think it's going to continue to be
very much appreciated. So tip of the iceberg though.

Neal David Dingmann
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

No, I agree. It's good to hear because you guys have certainly been a leader in all of this. And then my
follow-up is maybe for you or Clay. You can't help but notice when you guys start the presentation on the
slides on Slide 4, having 5 distinct great areas, and Clay mentioned how strictly they compete for capital.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

So with that said, would you consider on some of those areas that maybe won't make it in your vote to
the top of the line, would you fund those, bring somebody else in as a partner or somebody else to fund
those that way? Or would you more likely think about letting some of those assets go?

Richard E. Muncrief
President, CEO & Director

Well, as we stated on several occasions, all 5 of our assets play a very key role in our going-forward
strategy. You bring up something, could you bring in a partner? Yes, absolutely. That's always something
you can do and the returns that they would get would be quite honestly, phenomenal and the returns we
would get would be phenomenal, I think. So that's always an opportunity. We just wanted to do the right
thing for the long-term success of the company. And I can tell you that we continue in all of our basins to
find more and more creative ideas on the resource, and this is the subsurface. And then -- so I think as
we get into it, a little -- next year or 2, we'll always have those opportunities, and we'll evaluate them as
they come along. But our phone does ring. So it is something that we contemplate. Clay, you may want to
comment on that.

Clay M. Gaspar
Executive VP & COO

Yes. Thanks, Rick. And Neal, you know us well, right? I mean we are business folks, and we really look for
value creation opportunities. And sometimes that comes in the name of buying assets or selling assets or
doing creative structures, and all of that's always on the table. We have to be very creative.

What I like, I think something we've highlighted this quarter is our joint venture with Dow, and that's
a perfect alignment. We had a resource that we knew was not going to compete on a heads-up basis.
We also had a little bit of a stagnant time, so we knew that there could be a little bit of kind of start-up
friction. We brought in a partner. They love it. It is a home run for Dow. It is a home run for us. And as we
cycle through this, we're both winning. And it's a great thing for the shareholders because ultimately, that
asset is being converted into value. So we love those kind of deals, both legacy organizations have a very
creative bent to them. And so I think that carries through to us going forward. So I look forward to more
creative opportunities ahead.

Richard E. Muncrief
President, CEO & Director

Neal, I'll add one more thing to that point that Clay just made. And I think that if you look at the legacy
of Devon, it's a kind of company that people want to work with. And so case in point is Dow partnership.
That's the second one.

The first one was launched back in the Barnett days. And so once you prove that you're a viable partner
and that you can make people some money, they will come back. So I'd like to add that.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Scott Hanold with RBC Capital Markets.

Scott Michael Hanold
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Congrats on the quarter. I'm going to touch a little bit on 2022 quickly here, but when you look at --
maybe if you can give us some perspective on how big the nonoperated part of that budget is? And
obviously, outside of the Eagle Ford, but in places like the Permian Basin and even Oklahoma, how much
non-op spend do you have right now?

Clay M. Gaspar
Executive VP & COO

So Scott, speaking of partnerships, we have a partnership in the Delaware, where we have a partner that
we have prescribed agreement in place where we can offload some of the non-op mainly because a non-

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

op is very hard to budget for. And speaking from our own prior experience, when you bust the budget and
it's on somebody else's fourth quarter activity, it can be a little bit frustrating.

So again, we have a creative structure in place, very beneficial to us, very beneficial to our partner that
acts as a little bit of a shock absorber. So as we think about opportunities in other areas and as commodity
price increases and we see some non-op partners lean into it a little bit, we'll consider those options. But I
think it's probably $50 million to $100 million around the company is probably in the right ballpark.

Scott Michael Hanold
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Got it. Makes a lot of sense. And obviously, your guys' operational performance has been outstanding,
and it's just not the last quarter or 2, it's been for quite some time. And when you think about managing
growth based on the oil macro right now, if you're in a position where you are outperforming next year,
would the plan be to taper activity to stay within sort of a flattish growth outlook? Or would you drive
CapEx a little bit to stay more flat?

Clay M. Gaspar
Executive VP & COO

Yes, I hear you. And that's always the challenge, right? As we do better, become more efficient, the
acceleration causes us to push towards the high side of the capital range. It's what we're experiencing the
third and fourth quarter of this year.

I hope we have that same problem. What I'll tell you is we are going to really try hard to honor the high
side of that range. And if necessary, then we would trim back on activity to make sure we stayed inside
that range. It's not something we take lightly. Like I said earlier, this is very disruptive to internal and
external operations. And so we don't take that kind of operational scaling up and down lightly. I would
tell you that it's something we plan to honor and to be very consistent in. And sometimes there's other
creative ways to make sure that we still meet our capital guidance and continue the incredible consistency
that we have rolling.

Scott Michael Hanold
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Got it. I appreciate that. And one really quick one for Jeff. Jeff, you mentioned the tax attributes of around
$3 billion, and that seems to hold off through 2022. Is it fair to assume at strip like sometime, say,
mid-2023, a lot of that is utilized?

Jeffrey L. Ritenour
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, that's right. And just to be clear, in 2022, at the current strip prices, we would expect to pay some
cash taxes, and that's the assumption we kind of outlined on the slide deck. But certainly, as you move
into 2023, if we maintain this sort of price level through this next year, you're absolutely going to be in a
cash tax position, and you'll see that current tax ratio move higher.

Scott Michael Hanold
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Okay, high class problem.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Portillo with TPH.

Matthew Merrel Portillo
Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Maybe a question for Clay. Just on the PRB, I was curious if you could give us an update on your learnings
from the delineation in the Niobrara, and what you would need to see from either a well productivity
perspective or from a cost perspective to feed that asset more capital over the medium term?

Clay M. Gaspar
Executive VP & COO

Yes, Matt. This is one of the areas that doesn't get a lot of spotlight so one, I appreciate the question and
being able to talk about it. This is a massive oil-in-place resource. There is no question.

As we think about historical exploration, exploring is figuring out if there's oil in place. We're past
exploration. Now it's figuring out how do we make -- how do we develop this in an economically
competitive way in the portfolio that we have and therein lies the challenge. The current delivery on
economics doesn't compete in with the Delaware Basin. Obviously, that is a tough portfolio to compete in.

So let's think about it. We've drilled a couple of 3-mile laterals that we brought on earlier this year. I can
tell you they're really strong. We like the returns, and they will compete. They've very strong economics.
We've got a lot of repeatability on that. And so I look over to maybe how we did something with the
Anadarko Basin. If it's not competing in our basin, how do we creatively create value for shareholders for
an asset that sits in our portfolio. And there's a number of ways to do that. Clearly, other industry peers
are active in the basin. We look to learn from them. We look to partner with them. All of that's on the
table. Certainly, bringing outside funding is certainly on the table. The homework that we need to do is
continue to improve on the repeatability and the certainty of the outcome, and that allows us to negotiate
the best opportunity for us to really bring out the value.

Matthew Merrel Portillo
Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, LLC, Research Division

Perfect. And then just maybe a follow-up question on asset-specific capital allocation. You've had some
absolutely phenomenal results around the acreage in Lea and Eddy County and then some of the Stateline
acreage from WPX. Just curious how stacks up today, what you've kind of learned from your updated
development program there and how we should think about the return profile of that position in the
Southern Delaware Basin versus your more northerly acreage.

Clay M. Gaspar
Executive VP & COO

Yes. Good question. As we draw the circles, we have some Haley development that's in what we call the
Monument Draw, which is mostly Felix. The Haley stuff was kind of in between Stateline and the eastern
most side of the basin. That pad recently came on during the third quarter, big development, I think, 10 or
12 wells, outstanding results. So we're excited about that. Clearly, as you move further east, things just
get more challenging. The steering gets a little more difficult. The economics get a little bit more difficult.

And again, in this super competitive portfolio that we have, it's just the eastern most stuff is not
commanding the most capital today. So as we look at the depth of inventory in Lea and Eddy and really
Loving counties, that's where the lion's share of our capital activity will be.

Scott Coody
Vice President of Investor Relations

All right. Well, it looks like we're at the end of our time slot today. We really appreciate everyone's interest
in Devon. And I know we didn't get to everyone in the queue today. So if you have any further follow-up
questions, please don't hesitate to reach out to the Investor Relations team at any time. Thank you. Have
a good day.

Operator
This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

