Edison International NYSE:EIX
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, July 28, 2020 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.12

1.00

(10.71 %)

1.49

4.42

4.59

Revenue  (mm)

3085.97

2987.00

(3.21 %)

3985.97

13213.12

13669.23

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-23-2020 10:30 AM GMT

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.59

1.03

0.79

1.12

1.50

0.99

0.63

1.00

(5.66 %)

(3.88 %)

(20.25 %)

(10.71 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
EDISON INTERNATIONAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Maria C. Rigatti
Executive VP & CFO

Pedro J. Pizarro
President, CEO & Director

Sam Ramraj
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Jonathan Philip Arnold
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

EDISON INTERNATIONAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon, and welcome to the Edison International Second Quarter 2020 Financial Teleconference.
My name is Ted, and I will be your operator today. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded.
I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Sam Ramraj, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Ramraj,
you may begin your conference.

Sam Ramraj
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Ted, and welcome, everyone. Our speakers today are President and Chief Executive Officer,
Pedro Pizarro; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Maria Rigatti. Also on the call
are other members of the management team. I would like to mention that we are doing this call with
our executives in different locations, so please bear with us if you experience any technical difficulties.
Materials supporting today's call are available at www.edisoninvestor.com. These include our Form 10-K,
prepared remarks from Pedro and Maria and the teleconference presentation. Tomorrow, we will distribute
our regular business update presentation. During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about
the outlook for Edison International and its subsidiaries. Actual results could differ materially from current
expectations. Important factors that could cause different results are set forth in our SEC filings. Please
read these carefully. The presentation includes certain outlook assumptions as well as reconciliation of
non-GAAP measures to the nearest GAAP measure. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to
Pedro.

Pedro J. Pizarro
President, CEO & Director

Well, thank you, Sam. And let me start by hoping that all of you listening today and your loved ones
are staying safe and healthy as the world continues to work its way through COVID-19. Today, Edison
International reported core earnings per share of $1 for the second quarter 2020, down $0.58 compared
to the same period last year. The decline in year-over-year EPS was primarily due to higher O&M
expenses, equity share dilution and a true-up for the final 2018 GRC decision that we recorded in the
second quarter of last year. Consistent with recent quarters, results for this period were impacted by the
timing of O&M spend and deferrals of certain wildfire-related expenses. However, the year-over-year EPS
impact of wildfire-related expenses should improve in the second half, and we remain confident in our
outlook for the full year. Therefore, we are narrowing our 2020 EPS guidance range to $4.37 to $4.62 by
raising our low end by $0.05. Maria will discuss our financial performance in more detail in her report.

On the legislative front, we are pleased that the governor and legislature prioritized wildfire funding in the
recently adopted budget despite its projected $54 billion deficit due to the pandemic. The budget provides
over $200 million in onetime and ongoing funding for community resiliency preparedness, additional
firefighting personnel and equipment and enhancement of the state's emergency preparedness, response
and coordination, with state agencies, local governments and utilities. We are also encouraged by the
state's enhanced wildfire mitigation capabilities as we prepare for this year's wildfire season. For instance,
CAL FIRE reported that it completed all of the planned 35 emergency fuels management projects in May,
making 90,000 acres safer ahead of wildfire season and protecting 200 vulnerable communities. Some of
these projects were located in or adjacent to SCE service territory. CAL FIRE has also made substantial
investments to support its firefighting capabilities, including the addition of C-130 airplanes and new
helicopters with better night firefighting capabilities.

Turning to operations during this COVID-19 pandemic. SCE remains steadfast in focusing on practices
aimed at the safety and health of employees and customers. 2/3 of our 13,000 employees continue to
telework, and we recently moved our earliest reentry date for them from after Labor Day to the beginning
of next year. Importantly, SCE also has a sharp focus on maintaining critical operations for customers'
benefit, including those laid out in SCE's 2020-2022 Wildfire Mitigation Plan. This plan calls for SCE to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

EDISON INTERNATIONAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

continue to harden infrastructure, bolster situational awareness capabilities and improve operational
practices, while implementing enhanced data analytics and technology. Since the beginning of the year,
SCE has completed more than 330 miles of covered conductor, installed nearly 400 additional weather
stations and completed over 135,000 ground-based inspections of our infrastructure and high fire risk
areas. SCE is also making good progress in acquiring more high-definition imagery through a combination
of helicopters and drones to facilitate additional assessments that are not possible from the ground. The
CPUC approved the 2020-2022 Wildfire Mitigation Plan on June 11, paving the way for the renewal of
SCE's annual safety certification as the prerequisite for access to the Wildfire Fund.

Looking ahead, we anticipate another active fire season, mainly driven by lower-than-expected
precipitation and very dry conditions across California. However, SCE is entering the more active fire
period better prepared than ever. In addition to advancing wildfire mitigation measures, the company has
made improvements to Public Safety Power Shutoff, or PSPS, protocols since last years. While the use of
PSPS is largely dependent on temperature, wind and fuel conditions, with the improvement that SCE has
made since last year, we would expect to see a 30% reduction in the number of customers affected by
PSPS events under the same conditions as last year. Our preparedness includes preestablished switching
playbooks for each of our approximately 1,100 circuits that traverse high fire risk areas, enabling a more
surgical approach to isolate the smallest portion of the circuit possible for a given weather condition.
It also includes many facets of our customer care program such as providing generator rebates for
customers in our high fire risk area and battery backup systems for qualified critical care customers. We
continue to focus on minimizing customer impacts but PSPS will remain a tool to mitigate the risk of a
catastrophic wildfire.

Among key wildfire-related proceedings at the CPUC, SCE submitted its 2020 Safety Certification Request
on June 19, outlining how the company meets safety culture and conduct requirements, including
implementing our approved Wildfire Mitigation Plan and linking executive compensation to safety. The
CPUC has 90 days to act on SCE's request. Until then, the initial safety certification we received last July
will remain in effect.

On the legal front, I would like to give you an update on the 2017 and 2018 wildfire and mudslide events.
SCE announced an agreement last November to settle claims with 23 public entities. Since that time, the
utility has continued to explore settlement opportunities with numerous individual plaintiffs. During the
quarter, SCE reached confidential settlement agreements with some of these plaintiffs, and they represent
the first individual claims that the company has settled in the 2017 and 2018 wildfire and mudslide cases.
There are thousands of similar individual claims against SCE, and the utility is committed to exploring
settlements with all reasonable parties who wish to do so. The court has set January 12, 2021, as the start
of the Thomas Fire bell weather trial, but this may be further impacted by COVID-19. The court vacated
the July 2020 bellwether trial date for the Woolsey Fire and has yet to set any date.

I would now like to briefly discuss how sustainability is central to our vision for leading the transformation
of the electric power industry. Our vision aligns with California's COVID-19 recovery efforts. As the state is
working to help Californians recover as fast as safely possible from the COVID-19-induced recession and
to shape an equitable, green and prosperous future. Our recently published 2019 Sustainability Report
highlights Edison International's progress towards meeting our long-term goals. They include delivering
100% carbon-free power to SCE customers by 2045; expanding infrastructure in SCE's service area to
support increased vehicle electrification; and electrifying SCE's own fleet, including 100% of light-duty
vehicles by 2030. I would note that at the end of 2019, 51% of the electricity that SCE delivered came
from carbon-free resources. We also remain focused on advancing our clean energy and electrification
strategy. In May, SCE announced 770 megawatts of energy storage procurement, one of the largest
in the nation, which will help enhance electric system local reliability needs. Also, last month, SCE, in
partnership with other utilities, published the West Coast Clean Transit Corridor Initiative study. This looks
at infrastructure needs to serve medium and heavy-duty electric trucks. Additionally, we were pleased
that the California Air Resources Board furthered the state's commitment to electrification by adopting the
nation's first zero-emission electric truck rule. Maria will comment on the initial proposed decision issued
just yesterday in SCE's Charge Ready 2 proceeding.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

EDISON INTERNATIONAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Let me conclude by saying that California's commitment to the 2030 and 2045 climate change goals
can play a critical role in a just and equitable economic recovery. Investments in clean energy and
electrification can address climate change and also lower greenhouse gases affordably for all California
communities. At Edison International, we are committed to enabling the state's efforts to achieve its
objective of a clean energy economy. With that, let me turn it over to Maria to provide her financial report.

Maria C. Rigatti
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Pedro. Edison International reported core earnings of $1 per share for the second quarter
2020, a decrease of $0.58 per share from the same period last year. This decline was primarily due to
higher O&M expenses, equity share dilution and the true-up for the final 2018 GRC decision we recorded
in the second quarter of last year. As Pedro had mentioned, we expect the year-over-year EPS impact
of wildfire-related expenses to improve in the second half and we are narrowing our full year 2020 EPS
guidance by raising the low end of the range.

On Page 2, you can see SCE's key EPS drivers on the right-hand side. I would like to highlight 4 items that
negatively impacted the variance. First, EPS declined by $0.20 due to the 2018 true-up recorded in the
second quarter of 2019 upon receipt of the final GRC decision. Second, O&M had a negative variance of
$0.24, including from increased expenses that are offset by revenue due to balancing account treatment,
as well as the timing of deferrals related to both wildfire mitigation expenses and COVID-19-related costs.

The variance related to wildfire mitigation expenses is due to the timing of regulatory deferrals for
vegetation management and inspection and preventative maintenance costs. For the quarter, the negative
variance from wildfire mitigation expenses was $0.06 per share. During the quarter, certain wildfire-
related expenses reached the total amount authorized in the GRC, and we began to defer incremental
costs through approved memorandum accounts. We will begin to defer other categories of costs in the
third quarter when we -- these exceed the GRC authorized levels. Therefore, wildfire-related expenses will
be less of a driver of year-over-year variances in the second half.

O&M expenses were also negatively impacted by the timing of customer uncollectibles, labor and other
expenses resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and SCE's response to it. As we have noted previously,
there are tracking accounts for COVID-related expenses. Since some of these expenses are similar to
costs authorized in the GRC, for example, uncollectibles, we must reach full year GRC authorized levels
before we begin to defer them.

The EPS impact in the quarter for these items until they reached the authorized level was $0.06. However,
for the full year, we do not expect an earnings impact due to COVID-related expenses. As for deferrals,
through June 30, we have recorded $49 million in 2 COVID-related memo accounts.

Third, depreciation and amortization negatively impacted EPS by $0.13. This was primarily due to changes
in Q1 2019 depreciation rates that were recorded in the second quarter last year following the GRC
decision as well as higher plant. Finally, EPS in the quarter was lower by $0.17 because of dilution from
the increase in shares outstanding.

On Page 3, you will find SCE's capital expenditure and rate base forecast. We have a robust capital
program of $19.4 billion to $21.2 billion, which includes SCE's revised capital request reflected in the
2021 GRC rebuttal. Based on the capital expenditure levels requested in the 2021 GRC, total weighted
average CPUC and FERC jurisdictional rate base will increase to $41 billion by 2023. This request level
represents a compound annual growth rate of 7.5% over 2 rate case periods. Applying a 10% reduction to
the total capital forecast, to reflect our experience of previously authorized amounts and other operational
considerations, results in a compound annual rate base growth of 6.6%. As we have done in the past,
projects and programs that have not yet been approved by the CPUC, such as Charge Ready 2, are not
included in the rate base forecast. Yesterday evening, we received a proposed decision in the Charge
Ready 2 proceeding. The PD would authorize a total program budget of $442 million, including a capital
budget of $314 million. It is expected to be voted on at the commission's August 27 business meeting.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

EDISON INTERNATIONAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Please turn to Page 4 for an update on the 2021 GRC. During the quarter, SCE filed its rebuttal testimony,
focusing on a number of the interveners' recommendations, including their positions on reductions to the
covered conductor program and depreciation. While the magnitude of the revenue increase is higher than
prior GRCs, we continue to underscore that our request is necessary to make the longer-term investments
required to deliver safe, reliable, affordable and increasingly clean electricity for more than 15 million
Californians. As for next steps in the GRC, evidentiary hearings were completed on July 22, and brief and
oral arguments are scheduled for the fall. We are encouraged that the CPUC has kept this proceeding on
schedule even while working remotely during the COVID-19 pandemic. The CPUC is expected to issue a
final decision for track 1 in Q1 2021.

I would now like to update you on other key financial topics. Please turn to Page 5. First, we completed
our 2020 EIX financing plan in May with a direct placement of $800 million of equity with several existing
long-term investors. We have minimal equity needs to fund our ongoing capital expenditures program
beyond 2020. As noted previously, this is also predicated on timely cost recovery of the requested
memorandum accounts and the current level of liabilities on our balance sheet for the 2017 and 2018
wildfire and mudslide events.

Turning to wildfire insurance coverage. We have secured $1 billion of gross insurance coverage from July
2020 to June 2021, which is $870 million net of self and coinsurance. You will recall that we had net
coverage of about $1 billion for the previous policy year. The insurance market continues to be tight, and
based on the cost of insurance premiums, the $1 billion gross coverage optimizes risk mitigation and cost
to customers. We believe that this insurance coverage meets the requirements of a AB 1054. Based on
policies currently in effect, the wildfire insurance expense in 2020 is approximately $450 million.

Moving to our 2019 FERC formula rate case. SCE filed a settlement on its formula rates in June. If
approved by FERC, this settlement will provide SCE with an all-in ROE of 10.3% and an equity layer that
is the higher of actual and 47.5%. SCE can file a new rate case beginning in January 2022. Lastly, earlier
this month, we filed an application with the CPUC to allow SCE to securitize $337 million of wildfire-related
capital expenditures. AB 1054 allows us to securitize wildfire-related costs, including $1.6 billion of CPUC-
approved wildfire mitigation capital spending, which can't be included in the equity portion of SCE's rate
base. This application requests authority to securitize a portion of the recently approved Grid Safety and
Resiliency Program spending. The bonds will be repaid from a dedicated rate component.

Pages 6 and 7 show our 2020 guidance and key assumptions for modeling purposes. I'll start by
highlighting that we are narrowing the EPS guidance range to $4.37 to $4.62 per share by raising the
low end of the range. This also increases the midpoint of the EPS range to $4.50. There are several
variables driving this positive revision. Let's begin with SCE's rate base earnings. We now expect the
rate base EPS outlook to be $0.03 higher as a result of our 2019 FERC formula rate case settlement and
the resolution of a tax-related regulatory proceeding. Building on this, we are also now forecasting a net
contribution of $0.27 on SCE operating and financial variances. This is $0.07 higher than our previous
estimate. This increase is influenced by the timing of SCE's financing activities as well as a number of
other operational items. As you look at the next 3 bars in the chart, you will note that some of the EPS
increases I just described are offset by higher costs at EIX Parent and Other, primarily from increased
interest expense and dilution from outstanding share count. We now forecast the combined EPS drag
from these 2 items to be $0.07 higher than our previous estimates, and this is primarily related to the
completion of the EIX financing plan earlier in the year than originally anticipated. Taking all of these
variables into consideration, the net impact of these changes, combined with the outlook for our business
with another quarter behind us in this COVID-19 environment, gives us confidence in our narrowed 2020
EPS guidance range of $4.37 to $4.62 per share. That concludes our remarks.

Sam Ramraj
Vice President of Investor Relations
Ted, please open the call for questions. [Operator Instructions]

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

EDISON INTERNATIONAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] First question is from Jonathan Arnold with Vertical Research.

Jonathan Philip Arnold
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Pedro, may I just ask, obviously, you've mentioned that you've reached some initial settlements with -- I
think you said that you described it as sort of some of the plaintiffs in the 2017, '18 fires, and obviously,
there are thousands of others. But should we read the fact that you didn't change your accrual despite
reaching some of these settlements as a sign that you feel still good about your estimate? Or is it just that
you don't have enough experience in settling additional claims to really have an update at this point?

Pedro J. Pizarro
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Jonathan, that's a really good question. And I think just the simple answer is that as you alluded to,
we did a handful of settlements, a few dozen settlements here compared to the thousands of plaintiffs. So
that is simply just not enough evidence to have any sort of material impact in our assessment of the low
end of the estimable range. So we did look at that range again and/or at the low end. As we mentioned
before, we reassess that as we go into every quarter. But just based on the very small number of cases
that we settled, that's just not sufficient to providing any sort of material input that would lead to a
change.

Jonathan Philip Arnold
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Okay. And if I could just follow-up on one of a similar topic. I see you booked a charge related to 2017,
'18, a small one, in the quarter that's below the core line. I'm just -- on the $9 million, just what was that
and what sort of caused that to get booked this quarter?

Maria C. Rigatti
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So Jonathan, you can imagine, as we move through this process, we're accumulating legal and
expert costs because those are legal and expert costs that are associated with a noncore charge. We're
booking those as noncore as well. Prior to this quarter, the number was really not significant.

Jonathan Philip Arnold
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Okay. So that's sort of a sign of your -- maybe your settlement activities sort of ramping up? And is that a
fair or unfair...

Pedro J. Pizarro
President, CEO & Director

I would just say it's a sign of our continuing litigation activities, Jonathan.

Jonathan Philip Arnold
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

All right. I'll let it go.

Pedro J. Pizarro
President, CEO & Director

Thanks. You take care.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

EDISON INTERNATIONAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Operator

Our next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Perhaps just to follow up on Jonathan's question, if this is my follow-up, if I will. Can you clarify a little bit
on how you're thinking about the various groups of potential parties that you'd be seeking to settle with?
And just as you set expectations, and I know it's difficult to talk about it, obviously, the Woolsey time lines
will shift it out. Can you talk about potential expectations on what kinds of parties you might expect to
settle with? I mean, obviously, I think you said this is just a handful basically of individuals here. Just how
do you think about the time line and cadence given that the bellwether trial, for one, is established still in
January versus vacated for the other one?

Pedro J. Pizarro
President, CEO & Director

Yes. And let me start, Julien, by saying that I do think of the time lines as, in some sense, being almost
2 separate time lines, although obviously, they're related. There's a time line for the normal litigation
course, and that's where the bellwether trial dates are relevant. And as you noted, and I think we
mentioned earlier, there's a new date set for the -- on the Thomas side. The Woolsey date has been
postponed. We did note that, that Thomas date could still move again just because of the COVID-19
impacts and the uncertainty around that. So that's a track. A separate track is really multiple tracks of
discussions with multiple classes of plaintiffs. And the reality is that, that track has a life of its own, and
it really depends on parties on both sides and whether on the plaintiff side, are there parties that are
interested in being reasonable and achieving reasonable settlements. And so we're open for business to
parties that want to have reasonable discussions and was open for business for folks who may not have
a reasonable point of view. How that relates to the trial time line? Frankly, it's hard to say. I really can't
get into the head of specific parties and whether they view a linkage to a trial date or not. In terms of the
other part of your question around how do we think about the various classes here, on one large class
was the public entities. And as you recall, we settled with the vast majority of those last fall. And the
other 2 big classes are the subrogation parties, really representing insurance company interest, and the
individual plaintiffs. And so nothing that we've had to announce at this point on the several parties. Again,
we continue to be open to discussions with reasonable parties. And then with the individual plaintiffs, you
saw the handful of settlements that we entered. So again, probably the longest nonanswer in the world in
that it's really hard to give you any sense of time line or timing because it really comes down to each of
those parties or groups of parties.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Excellent. And a quick clarification, if I can, as my follow-up here. On your '20 guidance, I think Maria,
you'd commented going back a quarter here in light of COVID. You didn't show a bridge. Obviously, now
you have and there were a number of items introducing uncertainty in light of COVID, et cetera. Just
to make sure, any specific items that are still outstanding that could introduce volatility? I know you all
raising guidance here after not showing it earlier, at least the low end is indeed a sign of confidence. But
I just want to make sure that we're hearing you right about some of the key pieces that you were looking
for clarity last quarter.

Maria C. Rigatti
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Thanks, Julien. And last quarter, while we didn't provide a bridge, we did reaffirm guidance.
Obviously, now we're raising the low end of the range a little bit as well. But last quarter, what we were
really saying was the piece parts could move around, and that's why we didn't provide the bridge. I think
as our team continued to move through the process, we have more clarity on what those piece parts are.
Obviously, we have the memo accounts that we set up related to COVID expenses. We have decoupling.
We have all of those things in California that provide us with confidence. So I wouldn't point to anything

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

EDISON INTERNATIONAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

necessarily being different other than now with the passage of time, that granularity is more apparent to
us.

Operator

Our next question is from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Pedro, so 2 questions, related ones. First is just on the cash flow standpoint, I know there's a lot that
moves back and forth through the trackers and the like. So just how are you feeling about staying within
the targeted rating agency ranges for this year or next year?

Maria C. Rigatti
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks. So you're right, we do have a lot of cash tied up, particularly in those wildfire mitigation memo
accounts. I think the regulatory asset that we have on the books this quarter is just more than $1.1
billion. So it's a fair amount. We have been moving through the process on various of those proceedings.
The GS&RP has been approved and the settlement has been approved. The WEMA, we're expecting that
decision in September. That's the one about the insurance proceeds from last year. So we're moving
through that process. We do think that, that's moving through a time [ line ] on those requested amounts
is important to maintaining our cash flow. And those are some of the -- that's one of the assumptions
that our 2020 financing plan was predicated on. I think that from a rating agency perspective, the COVID-
related items, they understand very well the strong support that we have in California, both the trackers
that we have as well as the decoupling. So as sales vary, that we will recover that as well. So I think
that is something that they're very familiar with and think highly of, frankly. On the memo accounts for
the wildfire mitigation, I think demonstrating that we can get some other decisions behind us will be
important. And I think that really was one of the important assumptions that we made in our financing
plans for this year. We'll continue to look at that for next year. And as we get that cash in the door,
obviously, our metrics will improve.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. And I'm going to ask a clarification...

Maria C. Rigatti
Executive VP & CFO

It is a really important element. I agree with you.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. Okay. Just a clarification of someone else's questions. Just that we keep looking back to the '17,
'18 and potential settlements. One of the things that ultimately has to come up is like, did you actually do
anything imprudent? Because, again, as far as I recall, I don't remember any investigation that has found
that you actually did anything wrong in the '17, '18 fires. So could you just like remind us when and how
prudency would be reviewed for the '17, '18 fires?

Pedro J. Pizarro
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Happy to take a quick stab at that. And just to remind you that there's really a whole process around,
obviously, the litigation proceeding that just is determining that potential litigation exposure or potential
settlement outcomes. There is a separate track around the Attorney General's office, which is I think
pretty standard course in these kind of cases where they can take a look at whether there's any basis
for criminal liability. I think you've seen that we've discussed in prior calls that they seem to be past

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

EDISON INTERNATIONAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

that period now for the Koenigstein events. The Attorney General is continuing their investigation for
the Woolsey fire. In any case, we don't see any basis for criminal felony liability in any of these events.
And then the final track, there would be the track at the CPUC, which although the CPUC's Safety and
Enforcement Division engages right away in looking at the facts of a fire, et cetera, the real meat and
bones of the prudency review would start after a filing by Southern California Edison seeking recovery of
amounts related to the fires -- for outcomes in litigation or settlements, right? So that has not begun yet.
We have shared in prior calls as well that, at this point, we still don't have full visibility to every piece of
evidence out there. There's still equipment that we have yet to inspect, et cetera. So the way this work is
that once we had finalized the litigation outcome for the 2017, '18 Thomas, Koenigstein mudslide events
and separately for the 2018 Woolsey Fire event, as we end up understanding what the final liability is,
whether through court process or through settlement. And we understand what the outstanding amount
is beyond our insurance coverage, and at that point, based on our then understanding of our prudency,
right, as we complete that review on our side, or SCE with a completed review, then SCE will decide to
go to the CPUC to see cost recovery from customers and that would start that proceeding. So at this
point, we can tell you pretty definitively that we don't see any basis for criminal felony liability in the
investigatory criminal part of this led by the Attorney General, but we don't have all the pieces in place to
understand our degree of prudency and what the case would be for cost recovery. Just a final reminder,
in our accounting reserve, we have not assumed any recovery from the CPUC given the precedent in
the San Diego case. We had assumed recovery from FERC because they had a different precedent. But I
would expect that we will be likely to be seeking cost recovery of some amount dependent ultimately on
the degree of prudency that we concluded we had shown. So lots of pieces to the answer because it's a
complex process. Does that make sense, Steve?

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Yes. No, that was a really good review.

Pedro J. Pizarro
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, you take care.

Operator

Next question is from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I actually have a handful and Maria, they're probably more directed at you. Can you talk a little bit
about the leeway, the comfort zone you have regarding Southern California Edison dividend payment
potential up to the parent relative to what both the CPUC requirement and the California corporate code
requirements are?

Maria C. Rigatti
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So you know that in California, there are some rules around dividend payments, which some of
them are, I'll say, very standard, retained earnings test, et cetera. And then also around largely an ability
-- following the payment of a dividend that the entity has an ability to meet obligations as they come due.
And we've been evaluating this forever before the wildfires as well because that's been part of the code
for a long time. But I think it got a little bit more attention after the '17 and '18 events. We look at a wide
range of really potentially negative outcomes to ascertain the answer to that second question. And we've
been in a position each quarter to think about that, both at the EIX level to our common shareholders,
but then also in between SCE and EIX. SCE also is looking at cash flows and the like and the exact timing
of their financing. So there's a little bit of just, I'll say, the day-to-day cash management that comes into
account as well, but they routinely make dividends up to the parent company. As far as the CPUC goes,
obviously, the CPUC is looking to ascertain that they are living within their authorized capital structure and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

EDISON INTERNATIONAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

the like. And we've always been able to do that as well, and I anticipate we will continue to be able to do
that.

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got you. Also, can you talk a little bit about current debt financing and the cost of interest, meaning
the coupon rates you're able to realize in the market right now relative to what you're seeing other
companies? And if the rate is higher relative to other utilities, even though interest rates broadly are
lower, how you're thinking about kind of short-term, long-term debt, the balance? And really the total debt
balance you want up top at the holdco versus down at the outset?

Maria C. Rigatti
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So I mean, obviously, we did $400 million of holdco debt a couple of months ago now, more than
a couple of months ago now, and that completed what we had announced for 2020. Not surprising to
anyone on the call, EIX has been trading wide of other entities. And I think that's a reflection of a lot of
what happened last year or even prior to AB 1054 being passed. So we do have to deal with that. I'm
hoping that if time passes, that will also change. Obviously, the underlying -- the treasuries are pretty
low right now. So that's a benefit when you think about the total coupon. I think as we move forward in
time, Michael, like any company, we'll be trying to balance timing going to the market, short and long-
term interest rates and the like. I would see us on a go-forward basis, just making that decision to term
-- to move from a short-term position to a long-term position based on what's going on in the market
and what the needs of the company are. In terms of the overall debt at the holding company versus the
complex, obviously, we're going to be thinking about that in terms of also keeping an eye on the rating
agencies. Obviously, they're looking at holdco debt relative to total debt. And so we will be staying within
those guidelines as well. So that's kind of the thought process.

Operator

That was the last question. I will now turn the call back to Mr. Sam Ramraj.

Sam Ramraj
Vice President of Investor Relations
Well, that concludes the conference call. Thanks for joining us today, and please call us if you have any
follow-up questions. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

EDISON INTERNATIONAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

