Equity Residential NYSE:EQR
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, July 29, 2020 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS (GAAP) 

0.29

Revenue  (mm)

661.64

0.70

653.53

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-29-2020 12:46 PM GMT

141.38

0.28

1.65

1.23

(1.23 %)

648.41

2650.13

2688.02

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS (GAAP)  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.37

0.34

0.38

0.29

0.71

0.77

0.83

0.70

91.89 %

126.47 %

118.42 %

141.38 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
EQUITY RESIDENTIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Mark J. Parrell
President, CEO & Trustee

Martin J. McKenna
First Vice President of Investor &
Public Relations

Richard Hill
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Richard Allen Hightower
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Richard Charles Anderson
SMBC Nikko Securities Inc.,
Research Division

Michael L. Manelis
COO & Executive VP

Robert A. Garechana
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Alex Kalmus
Zelman & Associates LLC

Alexander David Goldfarb
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Alua Noyan Askarbek
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste
Mizuho Securities USA LLC,
Research Division

John Joseph Pawlowski
Green Street Advisors, LLC,
Research Division

Michael Jason Bilerman
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Nicholas Philip Yulico
Scotiabank Global Banking and
Markets, Research Division

Piljung Kim
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

EQUITY RESIDENTIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the Equity Residential Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Today's
conference is being recorded.

At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Marty McKenna. Please go ahead.

Martin J. McKenna
First Vice President of Investor & Public Relations

Good morning, and thank you for joining us to discuss Equity Residential's second quarter 2020 results.
Our featured speakers today are Mark Parrell, our President and CEO; Michael Manelis, our Chief Operating
Officer; and Bob Garechana, our Chief Financial Officer.

Please be advised that certain matters discussed during this conference call may constitute forward-
looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements
are subject to certain economic risks and uncertainties. The company assumes no obligation to update or
supplement these statements that become untrue because of subsequent events.

Now I'll turn it over to Mark Parrell.

Mark J. Parrell
President, CEO & Trustee

Good morning. Thank you all for joining us today. During one of the most challenging periods in our
country and industry's history, we feel that our business showed considerable resiliency. We continue to
be pleased with the financial strength of our customer base with their average annual household incomes
of $164,000. Data suggests that only 4% of workers making more than $150,000 a year have recently
lost their jobs compared to the low teens for lower-income categories. We have collected about 97% of
our residential rents during the second quarter and attribute this to a customer base that remains well
employed and capable of meeting their obligations. July is trending similarly.

We also demonstrated strong expense results. While the pandemic both added and subtracted costs
from our operations, the innovations around leasing and service that we've described in prior calls have
really taken hold, and we expect a durable reduction in our expense growth rate even after COVID is in
the rearview mirror. And while our 90 basis point decline in same-store residential revenue was our first
quarterly revenue decline in 10 years, our residential business held up reasonably well under very trying
circumstances. We also believe that we have stabilized our physical occupancy at 95%.

In a moment, Michael will give you some color on what is going on in each of our markets, and Bob
will address our expenses, nonresidential operations and balance sheet and then we will welcome your
questions. But before I turn it over, I want to highlight a couple of things.

First, in the quarter, we stabilized 2 development properties: one in Cambridge, Massachusetts and
another in Seattle, Washington. The Cambridge asset is a 64-unit property adjacent to an existing asset
of ours and was built for $47 million and stabilized at approximately 5% yield on cost. This property
complements our large existing Cambridge portfolio of 6 properties with about 1,100 units and is ideally
suited to house the biotech employees working in that area. The other property consists of 137 units and
is located in the Capitol Hill neighborhood of Seattle and costs $65 million to build. It's stabilized at about
a 5% yield on cost.

In terms of transactions, we're pleased to close on 2 dispositions during the quarter that sold more than
$750 million in assets during 2020. We feel that we received strong pricing on this quarter's sales as both
sold assets were over 50 years old and our combined disposition yield was 4.4%. But we note that these
sales were priced prior to the pandemic and so shouldn't be seen as a look-through on current pricing.
We have not acquired anything this year, but we like to think of ourselves as professional opportunists

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

EQUITY RESIDENTIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

and have a balance sheet that is as strong as it has ever been, which will allow us to take advantage of
opportunities when they present themselves.

And now a bit about our capital allocation strategy. We have spoken on prior calls about the company
broadening its portfolio by expanding into Denver and into the dense suburbs of our markets. For the last
few years, we have been actively pruning our exposure in some urban locations, including Manhattan,
and buying more dense suburban assets. Our current portfolio mix stands at about 55% urban and 45%
suburban. We will continue to build and buy apartments in locations both urban and dense suburban
where affluent renters wish to live and in markets where we feel long-term returns will be maximized. We
believe that our strategy is sufficiently flexible to retain high-quality urban properties while adding some
breadth to the portfolio over time so we can continue to produce a reliable and growing stream of income
for our shareholders.

And now I will turn the call over to Michael Manelis.

Michael L. Manelis
COO & Executive VP

Thanks, Mark. Let me start by acknowledging the dedication and hard work of our employees during
the second quarter. Despite very challenging operating conditions, the team was able to focus on the
health and safety of their fellow employees and our residents by implementing our new operating
standards to address COVID concerns. These heightened cleanliness standards have been well received
by residents and prospects. The team elevated their voices in various listening sessions held throughout
our organization to share how they were navigating and managing stress due to the unrest in our country.
Their voices will help us continue to cultivate a culture of inclusion at Equity Residential.

They stayed on top of delinquency by executing a consistent and transparent process that emphasize
frequent communication with residents who are financially impacted by the virus. Our collection rate
remained strong and fairly stable throughout the quarter with a little over 97% being collected. They
focused on retaining existing residents as evidenced by turnover at 11.8% for the quarter, which is 130
basis points lower than the second quarter of 2019. This was driven by a 10% reduction in move-outs
during the quarter as more residents opted to stay in place.

Achieved renewal rate increases were positive 70 basis points for the quarter, but we expect this number
to trend lower as negotiations become more challenging. Right now, about 20% of our renewal offers for
July and August include a slight market rate increase. The team also adopted new technologies for both
sales and service that allowed us to meet the needs of our customers while creating operating efficiencies,
which contributed to the low growth in our operating expenses. As to occupancy, we stated on the last call
that we expected the occupancy impact to be the most pronounced in the second quarter, setting a new
base from which we hoped we would improve as shelter-in-place orders were lifted. That, so far, appears
to be the case. The portfolio is 95% occupied today, and we averaged 94.9% through the quarter after
recovering from a 94.2% low point in mid-May.

On the rate side, since last week in May, base rents have been relatively stable, but this is a bit of a
bifurcated story. Pricing remains challenged in the urban cores of New York, the City of Boston and
Downtown San Francisco, which represents about 1/4 of our portfolio. The rest of the portfolio is showing
more price stability, though rents are still lower than last year. New lease change was down 7% this
quarter for our same-store portfolio before concessions. New lease concessions during the quarter were
heavily concentrated in the urban cores of New York, San Francisco and Boston. Factoring in concessions,
the net effective new lease change for the portfolio during the quarter was down 9%.

Overall, traffic and application activity improved throughout the quarter as net effective prices were
being lowered. As we mentioned on last quarter's call, application activity was recovering at the end of
April and continued to do so through the remainder of the quarter. By late May and into June, we were
seeing somewhat new higher application week-over-week relative to the same periods in 2019. This
improvement, however, was not sufficient to make up for the nearly

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

EQUITY RESIDENTIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

40% year-over-year reduction experienced in April. As a result, the total number of move-ins for the
second quarter were 20% below the second quarter of 2019.

At present, we think it is helpful to split our portfolio into 3 pieces as we think about our forward operating
performance. First, our suburban assets, which represents approximately 45% of the company's portfolio,
have been more resilient during the pandemic with occupancy declining to a low point of 95.2% before
recovering fully to levels at or above prior year and ending the quarter at 96.6%. Suburban renewal
percent was very strong at 65% and continues to trend well above prior year. Rates have been slowly
recovering since early May, and there have been very limited concessions used in this portfolio.

Second, our urban assets that are located in the City of Boston and Cambridge, Manhattan and Brooklyn
and Downtown San Francisco, which represents about 25% of the company's portfolio and is currently
91% occupied. As stated earlier, this portfolio has the highest use of concessions and the most rate
pressure. For the quarter, this urban portfolio renewed 58% of residents, which is 500 basis points lower
than Q2 of '19 and was trending down throughout the quarter, ending at 53% in June. The urban cores in
Boston, New York and San Francisco have the highest risk of volatility in operations for the balance of the
year.

Our third grouping consists of urban assets and other markets, like Washington, D.C., Seattle and
Southern California, and consist of about 30% of our portfolio. These assets reached the low point in
occupancy of 94% in mid-May but quickly bounced back and remained at 95.2%. Pricing has been stable
since the middle of May, with rates being down year-over-year and concessions being used on about 15%
of our applications. During the quarter, 57% of residents renewed from these assets, which is 300 basis
points better than the second quarter of 2019. Overall, this group of urban assets has had consistent
operations for the past 2 months with a slight uptick in occupancy in the past couple of weeks.

Let me provide some quick color on the markets, starting with Boston. The urban center of Boston and
Cambridge represent about 3/4 of our total Boston portfolio and were more impacted by early termination
and nonrenewals from international students and third-party corporate providers. While neither one
of these represent a significant amount in total units, the impact was concentrated. The Boston Urban
Center is now 91.5% occupied and continues to be pressured on rates and occupancy, especially given
the uncertainty around international students and the competitive supply being delivered. The other
submarkets in Boston have been operating at 95% with consistent rates and very little concession use.
Overall, applications have been running at or above prior year for the entire market as we see good
demand for our product. We continue to like this market long term due to its combination of bio, education
and technology jobs and the high quality of lifestyle.

Washington, D.C. continues to demonstrate some resilience, although the market has not escaped pricing
pressure. Absorption of new supply continues, and the use of concessions remain extremely limited in our
portfolio. Applications have been running at prior year levels, and the portfolio is 95.8% occupied.

Moving on to New York, which continues to be one of our most challenging markets. Leasing traffic and
application volume returned to 2019 levels by mid-May but at reduced rental rates and higher levels
of concessions. The leasing traffic in the city is heavily centered around local bargain hunters who are
moving within the market and searching for a deal. Concession use is widespread with about 50% of
our applications receiving concessions, which now average greater than 1 month. While the application
count has recovered to prior year levels, this was not enough to make up for the deficit created by the
lack of volume in April. Retention started strong in the quarter but has since moderated. During June, we
renewed 57% of our renewal offer, which is strong by all accounts but lower than June of 2019.

Our assets on the Hudson Waterfront, New Jersey, which is about 1/4 of our New York exposure, had
performed better than Manhattan and Brooklyn. We have held 95% occupancy on the Waterfront for the
past month. And while concessions are being used, it's at a lower level than in Manhattan. Our New York
same-store portfolio, including New Jersey, is about 92% occupied today. Recovery in Manhattan and
Brooklyn will take some time. But if office reopenings begin in early 2021 as currently expected, and the
city continues to show good progress on controlling the virus, we may see higher than usual demand later
this year and early next year during a period when demand is typically seasonally soft.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

EQUITY RESIDENTIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Heading over to the West Coast, Seattle delivered the strongest revenue results in the quarter, both
in terms of absolute revenue growth and the combined impact of new lease change and renewals. The
portfolio is 95.3% occupied today, and overall revenue performance has been very consistent since early
April, although pricing decelerated slightly through what normally is the growth period of the peak leasing
season. We have not seen big layoffs in tech jobs in the market, but we are keeping an eye on employers
like Amazon who last week announced that they were extending their corporate office employees working
from home until early January and have delayed new hire start dates from August into September,
October. Overall, this trend may cause some short-term pressure on demand and occupancy but could also
provide a boost to the fourth quarter, which typically slows down.

San Francisco's revenue performance is very different depending on the submarket, most notably between
urban and suburban. Our portfolio in this market is approximately 30% urban and 70% suburban. In the
City of San Francisco, we are seeing declining rents that are presently well into the double digits year-
over-year and represents the largest year-over-year decline in our entire portfolio. The city also has
widespread concession use at or above 4 weeks and has experienced the biggest impact from start-up
layoffs and the lack of foreign immigration.

Our suburban portfolio located in the Peninsula South Bay and East Bay as well as a few urban assets that
we have in those submarkets stabilized in early May. While rates are down on a year-over-year basis here,
they have been holding in place for over a month with very limited use of concessions. The South Bay is
still at risk as new supply enters that submarket at a time when the large tech companies have slowed
growth and are trying to figure out longer-term work-from-home policies. That said, the San Francisco Bay
Area remains a great place to live. Tech companies remain a strong high-wage job growth engine, and the
long-term outlook remains positive.

Heading to Southern California, overall pricing is down in L.A. but very stable through June with very little
concession use in our portfolio. L.A. is 96.1% occupied today. West L.A. remains the most challenged
submarket that, even here, occupancy recovered to 94.1%. And the downtown submarket, which currently
has supply pressure, has been stable at 95%, although rent declines are the most pronounced in this
submarket. Overall, we are seeing strength in the suburban submarkets of L.A., which is about 45% of our
L.A. portfolio. This strength is mitigating the rate and occupancy declines in Downtown Hollywood, Mid-
Wilshire in West L.A.

While the high levels of competitive supply being delivered in the second half of the year, recent spike in
COVID cases and the reversal of phased opening plans for the market are certainly potential short-term
negatives, the content creation and technology job story in this large diverse market remains positive. We
think jobs in L.A. have the potential to grow even more strongly coming out of the pandemic in order to
meet the increasing demand for new online content.

Finally, Orange County and San Diego are both performing well with occupancy above prior year and
very limited downward pressure on rates. These are beyond challenging times, but our business is
demonstrating resilience and our teams have shown that they can deliver.

At this point, I will turn the call over to Bob.

Robert A. Garechana
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Michael, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will make a couple of brief remarks on same-store
expenses, delinquency and bad debt and conclude with the balance sheet.

Same-store expenses declined for the quarter relative to prior year driven by the advancements in our
technology initiatives that Michael mentioned and delay or deferral of certain expenses largely stemming
from the pandemic. Page 16 of the release provides detailed color on specific line items. I do want to
highlight that expenses in the quarter included approximately $1 million related to onetime bonuses for
our frontline workers and another $500,000 from elevated cleaning and other health and safety costs.

As evidenced by our strong 97% collection rate for the quarter, our high-quality resident continues to pay
their rent. That said, the combination of the small percentage of our residents that have been financially

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

EQUITY RESIDENTIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

impacted by the pandemic and our conservative accounting policy has led to elevated residential bad debt
in the quarter. Residential bad debt reduced revenue growth by approximately $9 million or 150 basis
points in the same-store portfolio. That is about 100 basis points higher than the comparable period in
2019, which would have been a more typical level. For the next quarter or so, economic and regulatory
uncertainties may lead to continued elevated bad debt.

Turning to our nonresidential business. I would remind you that the nonresidential business is a small
part of our overall operations at approximately 4% of revenues historically, but it is likely to have
a disproportionate impact on total same-store performance for the next few quarters. Retail tenant
collections were about 60% for the quarter with collections trending slightly higher in June. Uncollected
amounts that were deferred were almost entirely reserved against during the quarter from a financial
statement standpoint.

About 2/3 of the decline in nonresidential revenues quarter-over-quarter stemmed from these reserves
and other bad debt related items. Much like in residential, we have applied a relatively conservative
accounting policy. This business is likely to continue to face challenges, and we expect that the third
quarter could be even tougher given likely delays in reopening activity and the potential lack of additional
government small business stimulus. If retail performance continues to be stressed, we expect that a
significant portion of the straight-line nonresidential receivables, disclosed on Page 11, could be at risk
and, therefore, could be written off.

Finally, a quick highlight on our fortress-like balance sheet. We entered the pandemic from a position of
strength and have further enhanced that position through thoughtful refinancing activity and incremental
debt reduction from disposition proceeds. By taking these steps, we have ensured sufficient liquidity and
incremental debt capacity for any opportunities that may present themselves. We have limited near-term
maturities, modest development spend and incredible access to capital.

With that, I'll turn it back over to Mark.

Mark J. Parrell
President, CEO & Trustee

Thanks, Bob. And a final note, while we fully acknowledge that the next few quarters will be difficult, the
cities in which we operate have shown great resilience over time. And while some of them are certainly
challenged today, we believe that they will bounce back when we reach the other side of this pandemic.
We expect that these cities will remain at the center of the knowledge-based economy and will continue
to attract high-income renters. We think that the obituaries for the great urban centers have been written
much too prematurely. The world's great cities have continued to adapt and thrive over time, and they will
do so again.

We appreciate the continued support we have received from the investment community as we navigate
the current storms and look forward to coming out of this pandemic well positioned for long-term growth.
Now I'll turn the call over to the operator for the Q&A session.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

EQUITY RESIDENTIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question today, and that is from Rich Hightower with
Evercore.

Richard Allen Hightower
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I hope everybody is doing well. So a lot of ground we could cover on this, but I'll try to limit it to a couple
of questions here. But just to go back to the topic of renewal rents for a second. So I wanted to back
up to one of Michael's comments. I guess, 20% of renewals for July and August you said included a
slight increase. Does that imply that 80% roughly are flat to negative? And then are you sort of seeing
increasingly bold asks among your tenants on the renewal side, specifically, given that it's probably a
pretty well informed tenant base?

Michael L. Manelis
COO & Executive VP

Yes. Hey, Rich, this is Michael. So I guess I would start and say, really, for the past couple of months, the
performance in renewals has been relatively consistent. So the comment about 20% having an increase,
that's the quotes going out the door. And you need to remember, we're still subject to a lot of various
rent freezes in play. So you are correct, 80% of our offers that went out for July and August include no
increase. The negotiation process has been very consistent. We're kind of quoting about a 1, and we're
achieving about a negative 1, so about a 200 basis point spread on that performance.

Richard Allen Hightower
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

And that negative 1, that's inclusive of any concessions, just to clarify that.

Michael L. Manelis
COO & Executive VP

Yes. So we're not doing a lot of renewal concessions or we haven't been in the portfolio. I think we've seen
a handful in the quarter in New York, but it's very insignificant dollar amounts.

Richard Allen Hightower
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Okay. That is helpful. And then just a quick one on capital allocation. Mark, I know that you said in your
prepared comments that the pricing that was achieved on the dispositions in 2Q is not really reflective of,
I guess, private market reality today. But where do you see that spread between private market today
and EQR's implied trading cap rate? And then where does share repurchases potentially fit into the capital
allocation strategy?

Mark J. Parrell
President, CEO & Trustee

Wow, Rich, that's a compound question. Thank you for that. So we'll start by just talking -- that's all right.
We'll just talk about values, and we'll start with the private market. I mean, in the quarter, there just
hasn't been that much activity. We think activity in our markets for our kinds of assets, meaning assets
with over 50 units that are of our type of quality, were probably down 70% in the second quarter. So
what I'm about to tell you is based on pretty limited volume, but it seems to us that the private market
values have held in there. So we've seen a few deals trade in Downtown Seattle, stuff in north side of the
suburban Denver, a complex in Washington, D.C. on the Virginia side and then a couple of these New York
deals that we've been watching but haven't closed, those are all trading at values that indicate to us that

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

EQUITY RESIDENTIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

the pandemic has not taken private market values down or not taking them down very much at all. But
again, very small sample sizes in fairness.

And then you asked about share repurchases. Well, certainly, the company rarely trades at this significant
a discount to NAV. I mean this is very unusual for us. I'm not at all dismissive of share buybacks. I would
just tell you that you start as a REIT with the inability to retain earnings. So -- and you start also with
the ability to return capital through a pretty large dividend. Our annual dividend is $900 million of capital
returned to shareholders every year. So I'd say to you that we're open to it. We have a $13 million share
allocation on the share buyback side. That's a conversation we'll continue between the Board and myself,
and we'll think more on that. But I will say this is pretty unprecedented for us to trade at this discount.
And I think, again, as far as I can tell, private market value changes don't justify it.

Operator

And we will take our next question, and that is from Nick Joseph with Citi.

Michael Jason Bilerman
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

It's Michael Bilerman here with Nick. Mark, you had quoted an opportunistic mindset in the press release.
And I wondered if you could sort of drill down a little bit about what you were implying about having an
opportunistic mindset. Is it acquisitions? Is it sale of more assets? Is it strategic portfolio reallocations?
You just talked about stock buybacks. What did it encompass?

Mark J. Parrell
President, CEO & Trustee

Yes. Thanks for that question, Michael. It's sort of all of the above. I mean, again, not much going on
in the transaction market. There's not much of an opportunity for us to demonstrate that opportunistic
mindset. But historically, this company, as an equity company, has always been looking for opportunities
to purchase assets at prices that we think would create long-term value. About 1 year or 1.5 years after
the great financial crisis, you saw us buy a lot of assets. You were part of the industry then, so you
remember that. We are only 4 months into the pandemic. It feels like a lot longer, but it's only been 4
months. I'd expect that, at some point, there would be opportunities. Maybe they're development deals
that need to be completed or leased up, we're quite good at that. Maybe they're opportunities in retail
where you've got outlots on existing retail or big boxes that have closed that we can knock down and
reposition as apartments or whatnot. So we're open to all of that. I just answered a question on the share
buyback. That's certainly something we'll keep in mind as well.

Michael Jason Bilerman
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

But it sounds being opportunistic is much more on the deployment of capital rather than trying to
narrow the gap if you believe your stock is trading at a discount, selling off a substantial or maybe an
insubstantial amount of assets and sort of narrow the gap that way. It sounds like you want to be more
externally focused than internally focused.

Mark J. Parrell
President, CEO & Trustee

I'll take your question to mean whether we could sell enough assets, for example, and buy enough stock
back to close the gap on NAV. And I guess I'd say to you, I don't see that as possible. I think the company
is just too large. And when you start selling assets and start implicating large tax gains, you start to create
other issues. You also need to scale the business differently. So I'd tell you, I don't see it as likely that we
would do a massive stock buyback in an attempt to kind of close that NAV gap. I think what you're likely
to see if we do a share buyback is that we just think it's a good investment and a good trade and doesn't
preclude other opportunities because that's the big thing on REITs. Because you're using capital that
you're either borrowing or you're selling assets, you are changing your opportunity set. And you might
make it harder a year from now to take advantage of some of those opportunities we just spoke about.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

EQUITY RESIDENTIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Michael Jason Bilerman
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Right. The second question I wanted to ask was just in terms of your commentary around cities and
urban versus suburban environments. And I think you made the comment that we shouldn't write off
cities, at this point, urban environments. And I wanted to sort of drill down in terms of what's your sort
of forecast on when cities start to recover because, clearly, there's been a substantial amount of home-
buying in suburban markets. And generally, employers follow talent. And if that talent is leaving the urban
environment as evidenced by your trends that you're talking about in New York City and Brooklyn and
in San Francisco, why wouldn't the corporations ultimately then move to that over time? And the whole
changing nature, too, of where people are living if they're exiting even at the wealthier aspect and moving
where those decision-makers may move to. So what gives you the confidence that it may rebound quicker
than what the market is expecting?

Mark J. Parrell
President, CEO & Trustee

So we think about that as both a short-term and a long-term question. I mean, in the short run, in some
of these dense urban centers, the ones that Michael just mentioned that are pressured, you're certainly
seeing people say, "These aren't the urban centers I want to live in right now," because they're not
energized, they're not as activated. Over time, the pandemic will go away. When is a really good question,
but if isn't. I mean there'll be a point where this pandemic will go away or be lessened. And then these
cities will open up, and there'll be an opportunity for people to move back. And I think our sort of resident
who, again, is someone who has an average household income of $164,000, who -- a median age of 33 is
going to work a long day in the biotech industry or as a lawyer or maybe even as a research analyst, and
they're going to get home at 7:00 or 8:00 at night, and they're going to say, "I want to do something with
my life. I want to be active and energetic in the market. I don't value just the sedentary lifestyle."

So I think the actions that we're seeing that are hurting us right now in our urban centers are all about the
here and now. I think as this pandemic wanes, and again, I can't tell you when that is, but it isn't forever,
then there'll be a term and there'll be interest in these markets again because I don't think anything's
changed in the long run. There's still huge network benefits. If you're in the content creation business,
there's a lot of benefits to being in Los Angeles. If you're in the technology business, there's a lot of
benefit to being in Seattle or in San Francisco and the same in the financial field in New York. I think those
network benefits, combined with the fact that our demographic tends to value excitement and energy in
the urban centers a lot, I think they'll be there.

And work from home is a fair question and all of that. And I think I'd answer it by saying, Michael, you've
been to a lot of our properties, even in the middle of the day on a Tuesday before the pandemic, there
were plenty of people working from home. I don't think work from home and urban living are inconsistent
at all. I think when you're done working from home, you're happy to wander off and do those exciting
things that you like to do culturally and entertainment-wise in our markets. So I guess I'd tell you, I am
very confident in the long run. What I can't tell you is, because it's a public health matter, is when the
pandemic wanes.

Michael Jason Bilerman
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Well, I was always jealous of those people sitting in their shorts and t-shirts while we are walking around
in suits. So now I have a better appreciation for what they have.

Mark J. Parrell
President, CEO & Trustee

Yes. But we'll see how much fun The Hamptons are in November and how great the Adirondacks are in
November.

Michael Jason Bilerman
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

EQUITY RESIDENTIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Don't get me wrong, Mark, I'm ready for an office environment. I can't live at work anymore.

Mark J. Parrell
President, CEO & Trustee

There you go.

Operator

We'll take our next question, and that is from John Pawlowski with Green Street Advisors.

John Joseph Pawlowski
Green Street Advisors, LLC, Research Division

Michael, I appreciate the detailed thoughts on the markets. I wanted to talk a little bit more about just
New York and San Fran, those markets which are being disproportionately impacted by just employers not
coming back to the office. So based on what you see in terms of your scheduled move-outs today in New
York and San Fran and just the leading demand indicators, what does the trajectory of occupancy look like
in these markets these next few months and trajectory of rental rates as well?

Michael L. Manelis
COO & Executive VP

Well, I guess I would say, right now, they've been very consistent, right? So the urban cores of New York
and San Francisco and even Boston have been running at a 91%, 91.5% occupancy. And the rates, as I
kind of alluded to it, they were bouncing around. We go a few weeks where we find that stability point.
So I think our forward outlook for the near term is consistency on that front. We did see some shifts in,
like, the migration patterns. So we're looking at forwarding addresses for those people that are leaving
us. Both New York and San Francisco were the 2 markets that stood out that saw a change in behavior
from Q2 of '20 over Q2 of '19. And New York, typically, we would see about 35% of those residents leaving
provide us a forwarding address out of state. In Q2 of '20, that increased up to 50%. And the #1 state
that they were going to was New Jersey.

And San Francisco was a little bit different in that we didn't really see a strong uptick in those residents
that were leaving the State of California. What we saw is, in the City of San Francisco, we saw a pretty
pronounced uptick in leaving the MSA. And really, the #1 place they were going to was Santa Clara
County. So they were going down. So we're seeing some changes in the patterns, but I think, from a
consistency and operation standpoint, we've been optimizing revenue at this 91.5%, and that's probably
where we would expect to see it stay for a little bit.

Mark J. Parrell
President, CEO & Trustee

And John, it's Mark. Just to add, there was something we put on Page 3 of the release that we just want
to draw your attention to. We mentioned that the July 2020 results were about equal to the June results.
We were trying to talk about the rate of change. So we talked first about stabilizing occupancy in April,
and we did that. Then we talked about what's going on with new lease and renewals. And for the most
part, Michael, at least for 2 months, we've stabilized. Now we're not suggesting it is a permanent plateau,
but it feels pretty good. That's what Michael means by stability. Now we're fighting the concession battle,
and we're working through that, and we're happy to talk about that. But it's sort of step by step. And I
think the sense that things are in some sort of precipitous decline is not how we feel -- it feels like here
at the company. It feels like one thing that we've got plenty of demand, so the occupancy feels okay. We
feel okay on what our new lease rate and renewals are going to be, give or take, from July and June being
about the same number. And then now we're going to address these concession issues. And again, the
markets reopening are key to that.

John Joseph Pawlowski
Green Street Advisors, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

EQUITY RESIDENTIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Sure. I understand nobody knows when the market's going reopen. But I guess I struggle with the
consistency tone because concessions are part of the game. And so somebody could argue a lot of folks,
private and public operators, are buying that floor in occupancy right now. So I guess the concern is New
York in the fall or San Fran in the fall, you start pushing up against occupancies with an 8 handle. So New
York occupancy going from 94.1% in the quarter, it sounds like it's 92% in July but new leases declining
and then concessions getting worse. So I just -- I'm struggling with the kind of floor consistency tone. It's
not just this call, it's other public and private operators out there as well.

Michael L. Manelis
COO & Executive VP

So maybe let me just address one thing just on concession use because I think the markets that we've
been talking about, just to give you some color, I mean the portfolio as a whole, we have been very
consistent. About 25% of all of our applications every single week have been getting some form of
concession, and it's about equivalent to 1 month. When you look at New York, New York, we've been
running about 50% of our applications receiving a concession. And for us, we're typically at about a 6-
week concession in that marketplace and strategically going up to the 2-month concession. San Francisco,
it's like 40% of the applications are receiving a concession. We're predominantly at 4 weeks. And every
now and then, strategically, we go up to 6. And that's been fairly consistent in our platform for the last
month or so, the use of concessions.

And I think as to your comment to the fall, I don't know where we're going to be in the fall. I was kind
of alluding to the next kind of 30, 60 days as to how we think the portfolio will play out because we have
a little bit of transparency into traffic application volume as well as renewals. At some point here, you're
going to sit on the sidelines, so concessions continue to go up. You may just see us park ourselves right at
the levels I'm talking about, and you may have occupancy kind of decline in the fourth quarter. But I don't
know yet how to kind of think about that. I'm kind of forward-thinking for the next quarter and how we
want to run the portfolio.

John Joseph Pawlowski
Green Street Advisors, LLC, Research Division

Great. Great. Last one for me. Could you share what economic occupancy is currently in L.A. versus the
physical given the concerns around eviction moratoriums getting extended?

Robert A. Garechana
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Hey, John, it's Bob. So for economic occupancy in Los Angeles specifically, and I'm going to give you
the quarter number, so Q2 of 2020, we're at 93.7%. That's compared to 94.7% physical occupancy, and
so about 100 basis point delta. You're correct that Los Angeles is where we've seen the higher delinquency
pattern and that corresponded to the higher bad debt write-off. And while we're at it, if you want, I
thought I'd also might talk a little bit about -- because I know in different notes, we've seen kind of
comparability related to both kind of concessions, accounting for concessions and bad debt as well, if that
makes sense, John, to kind of maybe walk the group through that. When looking at bad debt, because I
think there's some comparability concerns or issues, I think it's important that we first kind of take our
approach and understand what our policy is. So I wanted to take the opportunity to explain that.

On the residential side, we continue to apply the same policy we've applied for many years, and our
policy is as follows. We write off all of our former resident account balances once they move out. So if
you vacated the unit, we write it off 100% of anything that you owed us, and those accounts convert to
a cash basis. For residents that continue to occupy the units but still owe us money, we write off 100% of
their account balance once they reach 3x their monthly rents. So from that point forward, we convert to a
cash basis. So we think that's helpful to understand. We also think it's helpful to understand what the net
receivable balance is as of the end of the quarter, which we provided in the release.

For residential, our net receivable balance before security deposits was about $11.7 million and after
security deposits, it's about $9 million or 150 basis points of quarterly revenues. So in the second quarter,
same-store reported revenue growth, which I talked about in my prepared remarks, was reduced by about
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

EQUITY RESIDENTIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

1 percentage point overall, consistent with this policy. Going into the third quarter, we expect that the
bad debt will remain elevated, as I mentioned, in our residential business. But if collection rates remain
the same and consistent, the impact shouldn't be hugely different than the second quarter impact. We
continue to remain diligent on writing off those delinquent accounts.

Now nonresidential is a little bit of a different story and is more of a tenant-by-tenant analysis. So we
continue to account for that on an accrual basis. But this quarter, as you heard me talk about it, we
reserved against pretty much all of the unpaid rent, so effectively converting it to a cash basis. And we
also wrote off a portion of the straight-line receivable. We continue to monitor that straight-line, as I
mentioned, and that's consistent. That's really more a function of the future prospects of those tenants.
And we have a number of those on a watch list. And depending on future conditions that could write off,
that could result in future write-offs. So I thought that would be a helpful kind of summary on bad debt
because I know, as you guys work through the earnings season, you're going to see a difference in kind of
how people think about bad debt, et cetera.

And then finally, kind of the other comparability item you might take note on is just concessions. So I
wanted to be completely clear that in our same-store reported numbers, we report in line with GAAP. So
what that means is that we run the straight-line concession through the reported revenue numbers. And
we've done that for a number of years after a general SEC publication on kind of non-GAAP metrics and
encouraging companies to do so. But I'm happy to give you kind of the cash basis numbers by market
or in aggregate, like I mentioned earlier. So it was 120 basis points. So we -- so for residential only, we
reported in the second quarter a 90 basis point decline. If that was on a cash basis, it would have been
120 basis points.

If you go to market by market, that relationship, so it would have been -- that relationship of being, call it,
30 basis points down, is pretty consistent overall, but I'm happy to kind of give you guys those numbers
by market. So Boston would have been a negative 1.7%. New York would have been a negative 1.9%.
D.C. would have been flat. Seattle would have been 1.5%. San Francisco would have been negative 1.4%.
L.A. would have been negative 2%. Orange County would have been 90 basis points positive. And San
Diego would have been flat. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of color in the call, a little bit of color
on comparability items.

John Joseph Pawlowski
Green Street Advisors, LLC, Research Division

Yes. No, that's great. It's very much appreciated.

Operator

We'll move on to our next question, and that is from Richard Hill with Morgan Stanley.

Richard Hill
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Thank you for the details on the bad debt. That was one of my primary questions, and I think that was a
very helpful and efficient explanation. I did want to come back to allocation of capital and maybe some
of the questions at the beginning. I think there is a case to be made in a lower interest rate regime and
against a backdrop where apartment fundamentals probably still remain quite strong over the medium
to long term that cap rates can compress. I know there hasn't been a tremendous amount of transaction
volume, but I'm curious if you can talk about that. And maybe go back to the previous comments about
external growth and maybe you being opportunistic about buying some properties. Does that sort of fit
into your thesis on the way you're thinking about things?

Mark J. Parrell
President, CEO & Trustee

Yes. Thank you for that question, Rich. We had a conversation, in fact, and it was a bit of an offhand
remark on my part, in the last earnings call, about cap rates potentially going down with treasury rates
with the 10-year at 60 basis points. When you look at the spread of the 10-year to prevailing cap rates,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

EQUITY RESIDENTIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

it's very high on a relative basis. So I do think a case can be made because of that and because of the
very significant amount of capital that, to your point, because of performance long term, wants to get
into the apartment business. So I think, again, as we talk to private folks, there seems to be no lack of
capital, still interested. They're anxious about their underwriting. They're trying to figure things out. But
I think there's a lot of people that when the dust settles will continue to want to allocate capital into the
apartment side.

So how that impacts external growth. Well, to get more aggressive on your exit cap rate is what your
comment implies. And that means that you got to feel comfortable for us that, 10 years from now, cap
rates will continue to be low. So you just have to be thoughtful about that. So for us, the 2 main inputs
and; being more aggressive in acquiring assets would be our thought about growth, growth rates of NOI
and then thinking a lot at the end about exit cap rates. And right now, we're not in a situation where a lot
of external growth is possible. We're certainly not issuing stock at this stock price. So for us, it'd be mostly
recycling. And I think, again, we'll have an opportunity to do that because our assets will trade well. Some
of them will have renovation possibilities that maybe we don't believe in, but maybe the buyer believes in,
which is the case in some of the assets we've sold recently, and then we'll be able to get newer stuff with
less CapEx and better growth prospects and, to your point, have opportunities on the capital -- on the cap
rate side. I mean if cap rates compress, we're already sitting on $40 billion of real estate. I mean I would
hope that, that would benefit us greatly.

Richard Hill
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. Helpful. Maybe I can ask the question slightly differently or maybe take a slightly different
perspective. But I could -- there's obviously a tremendous amount of money on the sidelines with private
equity funds. I think, by our measure, it's around $370 billion globally. Would you ever consider partnering
with a private equity fund that wants to take a longer-term perspective to maybe demonstrate that your
net asset value, where your stock is trading relative to net asset value, is too cheap?

Mark J. Parrell
President, CEO & Trustee

Well, I guess I'm going to have to ask you to be more specific. I mean the company doesn't lack capital.
I mean if we had -- I lack, currently, opportunities to allocate capital. And we have a ton of debt capacity.
If we could find, say, $0.5 billion of things to buy above what we could sell, we could easily issue debt to
do that, and we feel very comfortable doing so. So I don't need anybody else's capital. And I feel on that,
at least in the way you said it, we like joint ventures. We have a couple. We do more if they made sense in
some way. Maybe it's a risk diversification play. Maybe it's because the PE firm has an opportunity lined up
they can't execute on operationally. But I don't know that a PE firm would help us, for example, validate
the value of the company. I think people know what the company is worth. I think folks just think that the
next couple of quarters will be tough. And so that's what the stock price is reacting to. I'm not sure I feel
like there's a lot of folks that are confused about the platform's long-term value.

Richard Hill
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Yes. No, understood. I was politely trying to ask a question about a take-private because I do think that
there is a lot of discussions or a lot of interest from some investors about the lag in REITs and relative to
private market valuations and replacement costs. But I assume that's not a question that you'd be willing
to address on a public earnings call. So I do appreciate the feedback. That's very helpful.

Operator

We'll take our next question, and that is from Nick Yulico with Scotiabank.

Nicholas Philip Yulico
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

EQUITY RESIDENTIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Just I had a question first off -- I don't know if there's any way that you have these stats, but I'm
wondering if you had an idea of how much of your renter base has a job that is actually an office-using job
versus working in a hospital or some other type of industry, which you can't work from home.

Michael L. Manelis
COO & Executive VP

We don't really have insight into that. Like, we capture the employer at the time of the application, but we
won't have a sense right now. I think it's pretty clear when you look through the properties that a large
percentage of our resident base are working from home.

Nicholas Philip Yulico
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Okay. And sorry, do you have that stat about how much of the portfolio right now you think employees are
working from home?

Michael L. Manelis
COO & Executive VP

I don't. I do not.

Nicholas Philip Yulico
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Okay. The other question was just how we should think about a typical summer leasing period, right? I
mean you have -- in certain markets, you have students returning to school. You have internships that
are created in the summer. You have jobs that are created in September. Sometimes internships turn into
jobs, they start in September. A lot of that's happening right now, obviously. So is there any way to kind of
frame out how much of that typical benefit from those factors you would get in the summer that probably
is not going to happen this time around?

Michael L. Manelis
COO & Executive VP

Well, I don't think that there's a way to frame it out. I guess I would tell you, in normal seasonal patterns,
we right now are at a high point in rents. So if I look back over the past couple of years, this is about
the time of the year where rents are the highest, and then we start a seasonal decline in rent. And on
an occupancy front, you kind of have 2 peaks in a peak leasing season. You have this period right now.
And then I think what you just alluded to, somewhere right around the end of August into September, you
have that other high point in occupancy. And I think what we're trying to understand right now, given just
the demand that we see, is we could be just shifting some of this demand. And we could just go longer
through September, maybe even into October, where we would start to show greater gains on a year-
over-year basis in applications. It doesn't mean you're not going to -- you're still going to be facing pricing
pressure. You're still going to be facing concessions in these markets that I've just been discussing, but
you still may see a longer runway of the demand profile. And I think it's too early to know if that really
plays out, but that is clearly a possibility that could happen.

Nicholas Philip Yulico
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. Just lastly, I know you guys provided some info on the move-outs in New York and
San Francisco, which is interesting in terms of where people are moving. Do you have any stats on when
residents are leaving, how many of them when you're looking at -- I don't know if you figure this out from
a forwarding address, if you care or not. But how many are moving into a home, whether it's a rental
home or a for-purchase home? And then I guess I'm also wondering how it's working right now within
your own portfolio, if you're seeing any trends, if you're offering incentives that make it easier to move.
The tenant wants to move to a suburban location, you can offer that. Any stats you have on those types of
issues?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

EQUITY RESIDENTIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Michael L. Manelis
COO & Executive VP

Yes. So first, I don't have insights as to whether people are moving out to go rent a home. I do get
reasons for move-outs. So if somebody is disclosing that they're leaving us to go buy a home, we have
that stat, and we have that stat going back in time. We typically run about 12% of those that are leaving
provide that reason. Right now, I guess, I would tell you, in the second quarter, we actually went down
a little bit for a reason for a move-out to buy a home. But a lot of that is just because, in April, nobody
was leaving. And I also believe, in our markets, homes are really expensive to buy. So while kind of we're
balancing the move-outs that are occurring, we're not seeing people kind of run out to go buy the homes.
We did see an uptick in D.C. and Southern California markets, but it was a small increase in that percent
on a year-over-year basis.

Operator

And we'll take our next question, and that is from Alua Askarbek with Bank of America.

Alua Noyan Askarbek
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Just a quick one. In terms of early terminations, I know you guys mentioned Boston, that was an issue
early on in the quarter. But have other markets kind of -- recently as more companies announce they are
working from home. Can you talk about early terminations?

Michael L. Manelis
COO & Executive VP

So you were kind of breaking up on me, but I believe what your question is, is around early terminations
or lease breaks. And then based on the recent announcements from a few employers, have we seen
anything take place. Is that correct?

Alua Noyan Askarbek
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Yes. Yes. Yes.

Michael L. Manelis
COO & Executive VP

Okay. So first, during the quarter, we did see an increase in early terminations or lease breaks,
predominantly in New York and Boston and very much weighted towards the month of April. If I look at
the performance for May, June and even through July right now, we really are not in this period of time
where we're seeing more people kind of break their leases with us, but we did experience it in the quarter.
As far as the recent announcements, I think it's too soon to understand. It's something we're clearly
watching right now. As Google just made their announcement extending kind of return to the offices
until the summer of next year, it's something that we'll be watching in the South Bay and the City of San
Francisco to see if we see kind of those individuals kind of leave early. But it's also most likely going to put
a little pressure on the renewal conversations. And I still think, in a week, it's too early for us to see any
pattern from that.

Mark J. Parrell
President, CEO & Trustee

Yes. I'll just add, and this is just anecdotal. There are a lot of folks that, as the summer wanes, is going
to want to be back in their normal routine. It's certainly not a bad thing, especially when cities are this
deactivated to maybe be in some other remote location for those who can afford or are able to do so. But
it's a good number of people. And I can tell you I attest to a 20-year-old who lives in my house, who's
very anxious to get out of mom and dad's house and go back to her life in one of the big cities. So I think
that we're also going to see almost, no matter whether the employers want it or not, a stream of people
that are our kind of residents slowly deciding that they've had enough of where they are, and they're

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

EQUITY RESIDENTIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

interested in, again, trying to be in a little bit more activated environment to potentially see a little bit
more of the city that they move to for a reason.

So again, I can't predict, maybe the pandemic gets worse and that slows down again, but we've had
pretty steady demand. And I think Michael and I are of the general opinion, without certainty being
associated with it, that the leasing season will extend itself, but it won't necessarily be vigorous going into
the Q3, early Q4 period.

Operator

And we'll take our next question, and that is from Rich Anderson with SMBC.

Richard Charles Anderson
SMBC Nikko Securities Inc., Research Division

So Bob, I just want to just make sure -- to simplify the talk about bad debt. There's 3 buckets every
month or every quarter, right? There's the 97% collection rate. And then of the remaining 3, there is a
deferral that is recorded as collected in the month and then the bad debt reserve. Those are the 3 buckets
that we have to deal with depending on the period in question. Is that correct?

Robert A. Garechana
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, that's correct. And I would add that the bad debt reserve isn't just the allowance for doubtful
accounts, it's also the write-off of any resident who would have moved out during the period as well.

Richard Charles Anderson
SMBC Nikko Securities Inc., Research Division

Understood. Okay. I just want to make sure that was clean. Talking a little bit -- Michael, when you were
kind of going through the offer of 1% and getting minus 1% on renewals, I'd like to maybe sort of throw
out a word or the concept of maybe pushing too hard there. And if you think about the math, is it greedy
to ask for 1% when, if you don't keep them, you lose the resident, you have downtime, you have cost of
re-leasing the space, and then you take an 8% hit to that because it's a new lease and you need to do
that to get somebody in the unit? So I'm wondering if you see equity residential becoming a little bit more
willing to negotiate downward, so you avoid some of these dynamics and take your lumps by renewing at
perhaps a lower lot number than you're doing so far today.

Michael L. Manelis
COO & Executive VP

Yes. Well, I guess I'll point out. So first and foremost, the 20% that I cited that was receiving some form
of increase for July and August, those are residents that are actually kind of below Street today. So that's
why those increases are going out. And the willingness to negotiate, I mean, that is part of our renewal
process. And we're going to make sure that we are always being cognizant of what that replacement rent
is going to be. And as we're working through these negotiations, I mean, we go back to the fact that --
listen, the largest thing that people want to avoid is moving. The #1 reason. They tell it. They just don't
want to move. So they want to work with us.

Richard Charles Anderson
SMBC Nikko Securities Inc., Research Division

You want that, too.

Michael L. Manelis
COO & Executive VP

Yes, exactly. So we're -- but we're being very sensitive to the situation right now, especially to those
residents that have been financially harmed, and we're working with residents through this process. So I
think right now, just looking into August and even into September, I think our increases are going to stay
in this 1%. We have pockets in that suburban portfolio where we can actually start pushing rents up a

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

EQUITY RESIDENTIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

little bit. And those increases will start to grow a little bit. But at the same point, you got pressures that
are balancing this out. So I think the process is very fluid, and I agree with your point fully, and I think the
way we execute is following the mindset that you just shared.

Richard Charles Anderson
SMBC Nikko Securities Inc., Research Division

Okay. Fair enough. And then last question for me. To Mark, you sort of doubled down on urban in 2016
when you sold to Barry Sternlicht the suburban portfolio. And it is -- so now we're in this mess. And you're
55% urban, 45% suburban based on your definitions. I'm curious if EQR, being the opportunistic entity
that you described, would be willing, if the market sort of allowed for it, if the transaction market looks
attractive and that's not to see urban go down as a percentage of total but go up because you believe so
fully that urban is going to come back because people want to be there, could that 55% go to 65% rather
than to 45% is my question.

Mark J. Parrell
President, CEO & Trustee

Yes. Rich, we're open to buying urban or suburban. We talked about selling Manhattan. We buy
Manhattan. We bought 2 assets in the suburbs in New Jersey, and it's just got to make sense. I mean --
and it has to make sense 2 ways. The property has to make sense, the underwriting of the actual asset.
And that has to make sense in terms of our total exposure. If there's any small regret we have, it's just
in some submarkets, like the Upper West Side in New York, we just had a lot of units. We like New York.
We didn't need them all to be in one little area, and so we're just trying to spread out a little. And that's
been sort of the theme of the last few years is being in our markets but being spread out a little more.
So if there was an urban asset that underwrote, we wouldn't hesitate to purchase it. It just has to make
sense relative to our allocation in that submarket already.

Richard Charles Anderson
SMBC Nikko Securities Inc., Research Division

Would you say 55% is more likely to go down or up in the next couple of years?

Mark J. Parrell
President, CEO & Trustee

I was hoping that we would grow and that the urban wouldn't shrink as much as the suburban would
grow. But I would think -- we'll get rid of a few urban assets here and there. And there's some older
suburban stuff. In fact, this quarter, both the assets we sold were suburban properties. They were older,
50-plus year-old suburban assets that were renovation plays but weren't, from our perspective, ones that
we wanted to undertake.

Operator

And we'll take our next question, and that is from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho.

Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

I'm running out of good ones left, Rich just took one of my better ones. Hey, I wanted to ask about the
cost control. I wanted to ask you about cost control. You mentioned that there's just some things you're
doing here in the quarter to help same-store expenses and expect that to continue beyond the COVID
period. Can you add a bit more color commentary around that? And maybe on top of that, some comment
on tech investments and just quantifying what the opportunity here is or how we should think about the
potential savings either on a dollar or impact to same-store expense basis over the next couple of years.

Robert A. Garechana
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

EQUITY RESIDENTIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Great. I'll start on the dollar piece, and I'm going to have to take you back a few months before COVID to
kind of give you a good frame of reference, to be honest with you, I think, to give some color. But we had
excellent expense control in the second quarter. And as I kind of mentioned in my remarks, a lot of that
came from the initiatives that Michael has talked about. So it is the ability on our frontline, kind of leasing
and admin and other things, to convert to a more digital platform, to do virtual tours, to be more efficient,
to understand our employee utilization, et cetera. And that certainly helped in us achieving our goals in
terms of our on-site payroll reductions, right, via attrition. So that was incredibly helpful.

We also, in R&M, experience benefits through the deployment of our mobility for our service personnel
and our ability to use them as well. And so that impacts the payroll line and the R&M line because it helps
your decision-making in terms of staffing. So you can staff internally as opposed to using contractors, et
cetera. What gets a little bit tough, right, is that there were other things going on related to COVID in the
quarter. And so there was some deferral of expenses and some incremental expenses that I mentioned in
both of those categories. But overall, I think from a sustainability standpoint, we're running, call it, 50 to
75 basis points ahead or lower in expense growth than what we would have thought at the beginning of
the year before COVID ever occurred. And that's a real positive, and it's really those 2 items that I was
talking about.

Michael L. Manelis
COO & Executive VP

Yes. And I think your other question was regarding tech investments. So I think, first, we are involved in
2 different tech funds, one with Fifth Wall and one with Davita's, which really kind of just helps us stay
on top of the new technologies that are emerging, not only in our own industry but really other industries
to see the applicability for us. And I think this is still an area that we're pretty excited about on a go-
forward basis that there's still opportunities out there to improve the efficiencies of the operations in these
platforms, and it will come from technology. I think later this year, we'll be deploying kind of our sales
technology piece, which is moving 100% of our sales process to a mobile app, and we're beginning piloting
that shortly. Similar to what we just did on the service side of the business, you'll see us continue to move
forward and explore kind of building access, smart home access. So there's still a lot of opportunities for
our industry to advance technology to increase efficiencies.

Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

That's helpful. And Mark, you mentioned earlier, I understand there's a few transactions on the market
that have closed here. They were likely done or they were negotiated pre-COVID. Curious if you're hearing
or seeing anything in the shadow market. What buyers are underwriting right now, maybe what IRRs
they're targeting? And then curious on when you think New York City NOI returns -- same-store NOI
returns positive. Is that 2022? Or should we be looking at 2023 here?

Mark J. Parrell
President, CEO & Trustee

Right. Well, in terms of what other folks are underwriting, I would say, the first question I had for the
Chief Investment Officer over the course of the quarter was, are we seeing more from brokers? Is there
actually shadow stuff going on? And the answer is there's very little going on right now. So there doesn't
seem to be like there's this pent-up desire to sell assets in the apartment business. There's not a whole
bunch of stuff that the brokers are looking at and hoping to get out soon to the marketplace. So I don't
know if I have any insight into how other people are underwriting, except that when we talk to private
equity sponsors and other private real estate investors, they continue to be very interested in the space.
Now whatever turbulence we have right now, it's not dissuading them from long-term interest in our
space. So I think that's good.

In terms of hazarding a guess on New York, that requires a couple of things. I mean, next year, you're
going to be pretty aggressive on real estate tax appeals in New York because taxes in New York for
properties are in part based on their incomes. And certainly, we're going to all have different incomes
than we had hoped for, for 2020, and we'll be looking like we did in the Great Recession for relief. And

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

EQUITY RESIDENTIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

we obtained that relief in our markets, and we would hope to do that again. I'm not sure that's going to
change '21. I mean there's a certain trajectory, and your question implied it, these quarters -- because of
the rent rolls deteriorating, the quarters will keep getting worse for a while. And then that sort of rate of
change on some of these new lease and renewal numbers will change. And then the whole thing will turn
around. And that just takes time. So I really can't hazard a guess on when New York changes, especially
when you talk about NOI because that implicates for New York property taxes. So in New York, it's very
hard for me to think about how that might, but I would hope that they would be less of an increase or a
little bit of a decrease in '21.

Operator

We'll take our next question, and that is from Alex Kalmus with Zelman & Associates.

Alex Kalmus
Zelman & Associates LLC

When looking at your concession results, are concessions consistent across a studio, 1-bed, 2-bed
product? Or are they overexposed to the 1-bedroom products?

Michael L. Manelis
COO & Executive VP

Well, I guess I would tell you in the urban cores, they're pretty much sitting on most of the unit types
there. We are seeing the lowest occupancy in our studios, specifically in like Downtown or Manhattan
areas, City of Boston. Those unit types are pressured. But the concessions right now are pretty much
across the board on unit types. The ones that are being used, I think the demand coming in, we are
seeing demand for 1 bedroom. We're also seeing demand for 2 bedroom. So I think the concessions
flowing through to the revenues are probably slanted more towards the 1 and 2 bedrooms than the
studios just because the application count on studios is not as high.

Alex Kalmus
Zelman & Associates LLC

Got it. Makes sense. And just taking a 3- to 5-year view, considering the shifting demographics and the
millennial, older cohort moving to the suburbs potentially for single-family homes because they're now
having kids, and a softer Generation Z coming up, would you rather be overweight any one of these
products in particular?

Mark J. Parrell
President, CEO & Trustee

So it's Mark. I guess I like having a variety of these. I mean I think studios have an advantage of being
the lowest-priced ticket. Though the pandemic, again, feels like it's gone on forever and will continue, at
some point, it won't. And then people who are new to a market and new to their job and maybe working
their way up as a professional will look to a studio as a great way to get entry into the big cities. So I'm
happy to own a little bit of a variety of these products. I wouldn't want to own all 2s, all 1 bedrooms, all of
anything. And so we've tried to be thoughtful about low tickets. So we do have a good number of studios
and 1 bedrooms in the markets, but we do have plenty of 2s and few 3s.

These large-unit types are hard for us to clear. I'll tell you, consistently, we have a harder time renting
3- and 4-bedroom units in our buildings, and they tend to be competing against luxury product and
condos and stuff. So I think studios, 1s and 2s are where it's at for us, and I'd like a nice mix of that,
notwithstanding your comment. But I would point out, I mean, Gen Z is a very large group as well, and
we don't know their preferences. But I have a few of them living with me, and they talk a lot about both
moving out of my house and moving to a city.

Operator

We'll take our next question, and that is from John Kim with BMO Capital Markets.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

EQUITY RESIDENTIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Piljung Kim
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

You guys mentioned a limited amount of concessions that you're offering on renewals. I have noticed that
you changed your definition on renewal rent growth to no longer be an effective growth number. And I'm
just wondering why you changed that definition.

Robert A. Garechana
Executive VP & CFO

So we haven't changed the definition. We've always given renewal rate growth, excluding concessions.
And we also have given new lease, excluding concessions, as well. What we gave you instead to give you
a concept -- and in the past, to be honest with you, the concessions were so immaterial that neither one
of those numbers or the blended rate would have been any different. What we gave you, in addition this
quarter, is we gave you the effective blended lease rate, which is with the impact of the concession. So
you can see the blended impact with and without concessions.

Piljung Kim
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Is that something that you could break out going forward by market?

Mark J. Parrell
President, CEO & Trustee

So your request is to see renewal rates by market, net of renewal concessions?

Piljung Kim
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Well, I guess, just the effective rental growth rate by market, which would be...

Robert A. Garechana
Executive VP & CFO

The blended rate.

Piljung Kim
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

The blended rate, correct.

Mark J. Parrell
President, CEO & Trustee

Sure. We'll take that one, John.

Robert A. Garechana
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, we can take that.

Piljung Kim
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Have you discussed your plans for your retail or your nonresidential part of your portfolio? Do you plan to
just lease kind of that as retail? Or is there a potential to convert this to other use?

Mark J. Parrell
President, CEO & Trustee

Yes. I mean we're still working through things with our retail tenants. We're hopeful we're able to save a
few of those folks as the cities try to reopen. But one of the conversations we've had as a group several

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

EQUITY RESIDENTIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

times now is in properties, and this alludes to the question Michael just addressed a moment ago, in these
markets where we do have buildings that have studio apartments, could we repurpose the retail as office
space for those studio folks, as amenity space they could go to, a lounge of sorts, is that something that
would be useful. You wouldn't need to put a lot of TI in that. That's just some lounge furniture and really
good Internet connection. And again, not office space for the general public, but could you get a change of
use in that retail. And that would likely require rezoning, and so it's kind of easier said than done. But that
is intriguing to me.

As you see retail footprint shrink in general, the idea of having unsightly vacant retail isn't very appealing.
And the idea of taking on additional retail risk isn't that exciting. So maybe there's an opportunity here
to be of service to our existing residents, put our square footage to use. So that's one of the ideas we've
been kicking around.

Operator

We'll take our next question, and that is from Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler.

Alexander David Goldfarb
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Mark, certainly appreciate your comments on the premature obituary for urban, certainly a healthy
discussion. But you brought up an interesting point of your children living at home, looking to get out and
live in the cities. Right now, you guys said your average age is 33 with average income of, I think you
said, $160,000. If there's sort of a shift here where that older demographic sort of moves out and buys
homes, and then the cities are still populated by the young singles, do you feel that your portfolio, as it's
positioned right now, the price point is commensurate to, let's say, a late 20s crowd that's not earning
that $160,000, that may only be earning, let's say, upper 90s or 100s? Just sort of curious if there's a
generational shift, how you feel that your portfolio would line up to that from a price standpoint.

Mark J. Parrell
President, CEO & Trustee

Yes. I'd start by saying, for example, in New York City, only 10% of our residents have children, so
notwithstanding the age list you had. We also have people in their 20s who are earning a good living or
people in our 1-bedrooms who are 2 people, right, they're a couple living there. So I guess that's certainly
a theory, but it's not anything we've sort of seen. I mean these are really deep. When you look at the
number of people in these markets making over $100,000 or $150,000, that's one of the things that's
really exciting about our markets, is it's a really big group of people. When you go to some of the smaller
markets, you have good growth of that number of high earners as renters, but it's just a small absolute
number, Alex. And I worry that most of those folks are going to buy homes anyway. So I guess, I'd tell
you, I appreciate the theory. I've not seen any evidence of it. And our demographic doesn't tend to be like
seemingly that anxious to buy a home.

I mean we're seeing a little in New York, as Michael said, folks moving out of New York City and out of
New York proper, but they're mostly moving in New Jersey. And I wonder if -- when they get the all-clear
sign, some of them don't go back to Manhattan. So I just -- I'm not as convinced as you are that this is
some sort of permanent change the pandemic has wrought. I think the pandemic has put a lot of people
on their heels about living in an urban environment right at the moment, especially in the summer. And I
think people will constantly reappraise that decision. I mean I lived in the city for a reason before.

Alexander David Goldfarb
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Okay. And then the second question is just thinking to the November election. Clearly, New York
underwent a change when Democrats took over Albany in 2018. Given some of the rhetoric on the
progressive platform, do you guys have concerns about increased regulation on housing and moratoriums
and rent control, et cetera, if the Dems win the Senate and the White House? And how do you think the
industry is sort of preparing itself based on lessons learned over the past few years?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

EQUITY RESIDENTIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Mark J. Parrell
President, CEO & Trustee

Yes. That's a good question. I put aside the party labels and the rest and just speak to policy. I mean I do
think that additional regulatory burdens, and there are a fair number of those that are being added in our
markets, some of them are related to this valid COVID emergency and some of us -- some of them seem
almost opportunistic by activist groups to me. These are just going to restrict the amount of investment in
housing. And that's the message we're trying to get across that these limits you're putting in place, which
kind of feel emotionally good to some folks, are just not going to work, that they're going to end up with
housing that's substandard, there's going to be less built, that it's all bad. And some of these ideas, again,
and I think it's in the House package, so I believe it's a Democrat idea, is to give the states money in bulk
grants for the states to pass out directly to landlords of folks that are under stress from COVID.

So again, I don't know what will end up in the final package. But I think the idea of upholding the system
and encouraging it to produce additional units, so I'd say what the industry is doing right now is trying to
do a little bit of an education campaign to have conversations with people about what's effective regulation
and what isn't and then trying to help think that through. Could there be some zoning reform, could there
be more affordable units built with market rate, could we address it that way as opposed to these sort of
rent regulations, some of the other stuff that folks have floated, that economists universally say it's going
to end up creating more problems than solutions for sure.

Operator

Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the conference back over to Mark
Parrell for any closing comments.

Mark J. Parrell
President, CEO & Trustee
We thank you all for your time on the call, and have a good rest of the summer. Good day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

EQUITY RESIDENTIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

25

