Essex Property Trust, Inc. NYSE:ESS
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, February 05, 2021 5:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

EPS (GAAP) 

1.04

1.47

41.35

1.02

8.20

8.69

5.98

4.03

Revenue  
(mm)

366.50

359.79

(1.83 %)

366.96

1492.48

1486.15

(0.42 %)

1480.05

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-05-2021 2:36 AM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS (GAAP)  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

1.49

1.13

1.19

1.04

4.76

1.29

1.13

1.47

SURPRISE

219.46 %

14.16 %

(5.04 %)

41.35 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Adam W. Berry
Executive VP & Chief Investment
Officer

Piljung Kim
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Richard Hill
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Richard Allen Hightower
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Richard Charles Anderson
SMBC Nikko Securities America,
Inc., Research Division

Sumit Sharma
Scotiabank Global Banking and
Markets, Research Division

Zachary D. Silverberg
Mizuho Securities USA LLC,
Research Division

Angela L. Kleiman
Senior Executive VP & COO

Barb M. Pak
Executive VP & CFO

Michael J. Schall
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Alex Kalmus
Zelman & Associates LLC

Alexander David Goldfarb
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Amanda Morgan Sweitzer
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Austin Todd Wurschmidt
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Jeffrey Alan Spector
BofA Securities, Research Division

John Joseph Pawlowski
Green Street Advisors, LLC,
Research Division

Neil Lawrence Malkin
Capital One Securities, Inc.,
Research Division

Nicholas Gregory Joseph
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the Essex Property Trust Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. As a
reminder, today's conference call is being recorded.

Statements made on this conference call regarding expected operating results and other future events are
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements are made
based on current expectations, assumptions and beliefs as well as information available to the company
at this time. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated.
Further information about these risks can be found on the company's filings with the SEC.

It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Michael Schall, President and Chief Executive Officer for
Essex Property Trust. Thank you, Mr. Schall. You may begin.

Michael J. Schall
President, CEO & Director

Welcome to our fourth quarter conference call. I'm very pleased to acknowledge the promotions of Angela
Kleiman and Barb Pak to their new roles at Essex, and greatly appreciate their contributions for many
years of dedicated service. Both Angela and Barb will follow me with prepared remarks; and Adam Berry,
our Chief Investment Officer, is here for Q&A.

At the end of last year, we announced John Burkart's retirement, and we thank John for his tireless efforts
and numerous contributions to the company's success over nearly 3 decades. As we reported last night,
our fourth quarter and full year 2020 results continue to be significantly impacted by the COVID-19
pandemic, resulting in lower same-property revenue and core FFO per share for both the quarter and the
full year. Similar to the last few quarters, pandemic-related regulations have had 2 primary consequences.
First, shelter-in-placement and related orders have resulted in unprecedented job losses; and second,
anti-eviction and related laws prevent us from maximizing property performance.

Government mandates are constantly changing and they intensified during the fourth quarter given
surging COVID-19 cases. Navigating the pandemic involves extraordinary efforts, and I thank the Essex
team for their tireless dedication amid these challenges.

Overall, our fourth quarter results reflect stability in sequential net effective rents beginning in October
and as discussed during our third quarter earnings call. Sequential revenues improved 30 basis points
in the quarter, with market rents mostly flat in the cities and modestly positive in suburban locations.
Therefore, we are cautiously optimistic that we have or will soon reach the bottom in market rent declines.

As of December 2020, preliminary 3-month trailing job losses in the Essex markets were 7.9% year-over-
year, a 150 basis point improvement compared to minus 9.4% for September 2020 and outperforming the
nation, which had a 100 basis point improvement from September to December. Even with the recovery
of jobs in Q3 and Q4, the nation had 9.2 million fewer jobs year-over-year for the month of December,
roughly equal to the number of jobs lost at the worst point of the financial crisis.

Our data and analytics team prepared S-17 to the supplemental, which is our base case scenario
underlying our expectation that net effective rents will decline 1.9% in 2021. The range of potential
outcomes is extraordinarily wide for 2021, given many unknowns that relate to the pandemic, including
the pace of vaccine deployment and changes in regulation.

Our modeling further assumes 4% GDP growth, which should lead to positive momentum in the second
half of 2021. Apartment supply will continue to be a challenge, especially in the downtown locations of Los
Angeles and Seattle. Our data and analytics team expects approximately 34,000 apartment deliveries in
2021, a modest increase compared to last year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

Also similar to 2020, we don't expect much for-sale housing production going forward. It's our
experience that affordable for-sale housing competes directly with rentals, once rents rise to a level
that approximates the monthly payment of an entry-level for-sale home, and there is little risk of that
occurring in the Essex markets anytime soon.

Page S-17.1 of the supplemental highlights 13 recent multibillion-dollar tech initial public offerings for
companies headquartered in the Essex markets. Overall, 2020 was a great year for IPOs, with 147 tech
sector offerings completed during the year. It's our view that the IPO market is essential to recharge
the tech ecosystem, providing growth capital to early-stage investors and to generate liquidity for
reinvestment.

Page S-17.1 also illustrates the reacceleration in job openings for the top 10 tech companies, which has
increased 38% since the August trough. Our analysis indicates that nearly 60% of the total job postings
are located in California or Washington, with the next largest state, Texas, accounting for just 7%.

The Page S-17.2 of the supplemental package demonstrates that venture capital investments continued
on a record pace in 2020 with approximately $130 billion invested in the U.S. with the Essex markets
continuing to receive the dominant share of VC investment. Success in the knowledge-based economy
requires a critical mass of highly skilled workers, creating a network effect that draws companies to the
Bay Area and Seattle. While only a limited number of venture-backed companies will go public, some will
experience extraordinarily -- extraordinary growth similar to Snowflake, DoorDash, Airbnb, and resulting
in thousands of high-paying jobs.

The environment today has many similarities to the previous recessionary periods, including the financial
crisis and the bursting of the dot-com bubble. In both cases, migration out of California was often front
page news. In 2020, we experienced higher out migration than normal, especially in our West Coast urban
centers. In our experience, people make different housing choices during recessions and it's not surprising
to see many in the large baby boomer cohort monetize the value of an expensive California home to move
to less expensive areas as part of a retirement plan.

This recession is unique with respect to the extraordinary loss of jobs that involve lower paid service
workers, jobs that are concentrated in the city centers and effective employees often had only 2
choices: move immediately to find work or stay in their home shielded by eviction forbearance laws. As
with previous recessions, we expect most of these trends to reverse. We expect that the demand for
restaurants, services and travel will recover swiftly as vaccines are administered, bringing back related
service jobs.

Workers in the Essex markets earn more than in most parts of the country and the draw of higher-
paying jobs, combined with lower recent rent levels makes rental housing down the West Coast, the most
affordable it has been since 2013.

Our recent McKinsey study estimates that only 22% of the American workforce can work from home
without any productivity loss. We have been tracking many companies that have adopted work-from-
home models during the pandemic, and we remain confident that the vast majority of companies will ask
employees to return to the office when it is safe to do so, likely with increased work from home flexibility
going forward. Google, Netflix and Apple are among the largest companies who have expressed their
desire to return to the office, many others will follow.

Turning to the regulatory environment, a third wave of COVID-19 cases beginning in November and
related concerns about hospital availability led to the imposition of severe stay-at-home orders in all of our
California markets. Some of these restrictions were eased last week, but all of the Essex markets remain
in California's most restrictive category.

Recently, with the passage of SB 91 last week, the state of California has extended COVID-19-related
eviction protection from January 31 to June 30, 2021, including pushing back the requirement to pay at
least 25% of pandemic-related rent. In addition, the law established a state rental assistance program to
allocate $2.6 billion in Federal Stimulus Funds using income levels to prioritize payments and accepting

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

related applications in March. As with similar laws, there are many related requirements and complexities,
which we are evaluating.

Turning to the apartment investment markets. During 2020, we sold 4 properties with a total of
670 apartment homes for $343 million, all of which were placed under contract subsequent to the
implementation of shelter-in-place orders in March. Given the wide discount in valuation for public REITs
compared to the private real estate markets, property sales remain our preferred source of funds for
investment.

Since the onset of the pandemic, a relatively small number of apartment sales support our belief that
property values have not changed materially since the onset of the pandemic. However, extraordinary
changes in rent increasing in the case of both suburban markets and decreasing sharply in some urban
locations, makes it difficult to draw conclusions about cap rates.

In the suburbs, where rents are generally at or above pre-pandemic levels, property values have modestly
increased and cap rates are somewhat lower compared to the pre-pandemic period. Given lower rents
and significant concessions in hard hit cities, recent price talk around possible sales indicate about a 5%
reduction in value versus the pre-COVID period, resulting in cap rates for high-quality properties below
4%.

As with previous recessions, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have continued to provide very attractive
financing with 7-year fixed rate financing in the mid-2% range, potentially supporting lower cap rates.
Vaccine distribution should remove uncertainty with respect to apartment operations and property values.
As a result, we believe transaction volumes will begin to accelerate. As we've indicated before, improved
cash flow from positive leverage in apartments has historically led to a robust transaction market.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Angela.

Angela L. Kleiman
Senior Executive VP & COO

Thank you, Mike. First, I would like to express my appreciation to the Essex operations team for their
diligent efforts to serve our customers amidst a challenging environment caused by the COVID pandemic.
Thank you for all your hard work.

As for my comments, I will begin by discussing our 2020 results, followed by our outlook for 2021.
Overall, our market performed as we expected, despite the headwinds of new COVID-related closures and
seasonal decline in demand. Currently, the urban core, particularly in tech-centric markets, continue to
remain more impacted by COVID-19-related job losses and office closures.

In addition, the change in quality of life, resulting from the closures of restaurants and public amenities
has driven a temporary shift in consumer preferences. High-rise buildings or communities located in areas
with high Walk Scores have been the most impacted by this shift in demand. Conversely, communities
with private outdoor space or more affordable residences outside the urban core continue to experience
greater demand, which benefited many of our properties in Ventura, San Diego, Orange County and the
East Bay in Northern California.

This temporary shift in demand continued in the fourth quarter, where we experienced a 7.6% and 9.9%
year-over-year increase in quarterly turnover in CBD, Seattle and San Francisco, compared to the portfolio
average turnover of only 1.3%. Furthermore, our CBD locations also had a greater concentration of
apartment supply deliveries typically accompanied by very high concession levels. During the fourth
quarter, we continued our leasing strategy of leveraging concessions on stabilized communities and
building occupancy.

There have been encouraging indicators from a sequential perspective in that more than half of our same-
property portfolio grew revenues sequentially, driven in part by increases in occupancy and decreases
in concessions. We have provided year-over-year net effect rent changes for our portfolio on Page
S-16 of our supplemental. New lease rates were down 8.9% in the fourth quarter, stable in January, an
improvement from the negative [ 2.2% ] achieved in the third quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

Concessions on same-property approval improved from approximately $18 million in the third quarter
to $13 million in the fourth quarter. This reduction in concessions is noteworthy, considering the fourth
quarter has seasonally lower demand and historically, concessions increased during this period rather than
decrease. Key highlights of the same-property performance of our major markets in the fourth quarter are
as follows: in Seattle, 4.9% year-over-year revenue decline was primarily driven by Seattle CBD, which
declined by 13%, while the remaining submarkets averaged a 3.2% decline. Year-over-year job growth in
Seattle declined by 7.3% in the fourth quarter.

In Northern California, the 10.4% year-over-year revenue decline was led by CBD, San Francisco and
Oakland, averaging an 18% decline, contrasted with a 4.2% decline in Contra Costa County, while Santa
Clara County performed in line with the regional average of a 10% decline. Year-over-year job growth in
Northern California declined by, 8% with San Jose still better at a 6.4% decline.

In Southern California, the 7.2% year-over-year decline was primarily driven by L.A. CBD and West L.A.
submarkets, averaging a 17% decline, offset by an average decline of 2.4% in our suburban markets of
Ventura, Orange County and San Diego. Fourth quarter year-over-year job growth in Southern California
declined by 8%.

Moving on to our 2021 outlook. As indicated on S-17 of the supplemental, multifamily supply as a
percentage of stock remained low at 0.9% for our portfolio. While we expect a percentage of the year-
over-year growth to remain flat, new completions will once again be concentrated in the CBDs and urban
submarkets where supply is projected to increase by 2.1% compared to just 0.7% across the rest of the
portfolio. The confluence of minimal supply and extraordinary job losses remain a significant headwind in
our urban markets.

In Seattle, we expect multifamily supply as a percentage of stock to increase in 2021 by 1.6%, driven
by 2.9% in the CBD, offset by a 1% increase in the suburbs, where we have the majority of our units.
We have also seen positive office activities by major tech companies as they continue to push forward on
expansion projects.

In Seattle, Amazon received approval for a 1.1 million square foot project. In Bellevue, Microsoft has
continued with their campus expansion. And in Kirkland, Google acquired a 10-acre site for a large
campus. In Northern California, we project overall multifamily supply as a percentage of stock in 2021 to
decrease by 10 basis points, although Oakland and San Jose CBD are expected to increase by 1.8% and
3%, respectively.

Despite the impact of COVID, tech expansion plans have continued in the Bay Area. Amazon purchased a
6-acre site near downtown San Francisco. Facebook, last month, submitted an updated plan for its 1.25
million square foot campus expansion in Menlo Park, and Google continued to work with the city of San
Jose for its major new campus at Diridon Station.

In addition, the biotech sector continued to be a strong source of office demand, highlighted by the
recently approved expansion of Genentech's headquarter in South San Francisco, which would add up to
4.3 million square foot of new office space.

In Southern California, we project overall multifamily supply as a percentage of stock to remain flat. The
most notable increase is 4% L.A. CBD and deliveries in West L.A. will remain elevated once again this year.

While many uncertainties remain as to legislation and the timing of the vaccine, based on current market
conditions, we assume our scheduled rent for the same-property portfolio will trough in the second quarter
of this year. Because leases are typically 1 year in duration, our year-over-year revenue growth will be
negative in the first half and positive in the second half, leading to our same-store full year guidance of
2.5% revenue decline at the midpoint.

Lastly, our current same-store physical occupancy is 96.4%. Our availability 30 day out is 4.7%.

Thank you, and I will now turn the call to Barb Pak.

Barb M. Pak

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Angela. I'll start with a few comments on our fourth quarter results, followed by key
assumptions in our 2021 guidance, and finally, an update on our recent capital markets activities and the
balance sheet. As expected, the fourth quarter was a challenging period with core FFO declining 12.5%
compared to 1 year ago. This was primarily driven by an 8% decline in same-property revenues as a
result of higher concessions and delinquencies. As we noted last quarter, we report concessions on a cash
basis in our same-property results because we believe this is more indicative of true market conditions.
However, we are required by GAAP to treat concessions on a straight-line basis in calculating consolidated
revenue and FFO.

As Angela mentioned, during the fourth quarter, we provided $5 million fewer concessions than the third
quarter, which helped improve same-property revenue sequentially. However, core FFO declined by 4% or
$0.13 per share compared to the third quarter, of which, $0.16 is attributable to lower straight-line rent
concessions. We expect this line item to continue to be a headwind to core FFO growth in 2021, which I
will discuss in a minute.

Please note on Page S-8 of the supplemental, we have detailed the quarterly impact of noncash straight-
line rents.

Turning to delinquencies. We continue to take a conservative approach to reserving against uncollected
rents, especially given the surge in COVID-19 cases in the fourth quarter, which resulted in extended
lockdowns in our markets throughout much of the quarter. As such, we reserved against the entire net
delinquency balance during this quarter. Our receivable balance currently stands at approximately $7
million, including joint ventures at pro rata share. Based on past collections, we feel this receivable
balance is consistent with our ongoing conservative approach. We will continue to assess our delinquency
reserve and our net receivable balance each quarter based on collection history and market conditions.

Turning to our 2021 guidance. Key assumptions are available on Page 5 of the earnings release and S-14
of the supplemental. We've provided a wider-than-normal range for same-property revenues and core
FFO, given the significant uncertainties that remain surrounding COVID and the recovery ahead, including
vaccine distribution and eviction moratoriums that are outside our control but could swing guidance in a
variety of ways. That said, we felt it was important to outline our key assumptions based on information
we have today.

For the full year, we expect core FFO per diluted share to decline by 5.1% at the midpoint. The key
drivers of the decrease are primarily related to the following 2 items. First, we expect same-property
revenues and NOI to decline by 2.5% and 4.6%, respectively, at the midpoint. While current operating
fundamentals remain steady in our markets as compared to several months ago, we will continue to feel
the negative effects of the 2020 rent declines throughout most of 2021.

In addition, due to the eviction moratoriums and regulations that remain outside our control, we expect
delinquencies will remain elevated in 2021 and will be a drag to core FFO by an estimated $0.45 per
share at the midpoint. The company has a long history of excellent rent collections, and we expect this
temporary delinquency headwind to become a tailwind to FFO growth once the various COVID-related
restrictions are lifted.

Second, we also faced significant headwinds from straight-line concessions. We expect this noncash item
will result in $0.41 to $0.56 per share decline in core FFO, representing about a 4% reduction in growth on
a year-over-year basis. As it relates to concessions, we expect they will remain high in the first half of the
year before moderating in the second half of the year as the economic recovery takes hold. As such, we
expect the impact from straight-line rent concessions to be minimal in the first half of the year, with most
of the negative impact we forecasted to fall in the last 2 quarters of 2021.

Lastly, on the capital markets activities and the balance sheet. During the fourth quarter, we closed $206
million of new preferred equity investments and bought back $46 million of common stock at a significant
discount to NAV. These investments are being funded with 3 asset sales totaling approximately $275

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

million that are under contract and expected to close in the first quarter. This is consistent with our guiding
principles of match funding investments on a leverage-neutral basis.

For the year, we were able to arbitrage the difference between public and private market pricing by selling
$343 million of assets at prices generally consistent with pre-COVID levels and buying back $269 million of
stock at an average price of $225 per share, all while maintaining our balance sheet strength and creating
value for our shareholders.

Our balance sheet remains strong with minimal near-term funding needs and sound financial metrics.
While our net debt-to-EBITDA has increased this year, this is primarily the result of the significant decline
in EBITDA caused by the pandemic.

As the economic recovery takes hold and the West Coast economies continue to reopen, we expect our
net debt-to-EBITDA ratio will improve. With ample liquidity and a well-covered dividend, our balance sheet
remains a source of strength.
With that, I'll turn the call back to the operator for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

Our first question comes from the line of Nick Joseph with Citigroup.

Nicholas Gregory Joseph
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

I appreciate the commentary on kind of the dynamic nature of your markets as well as the slides in the
supplemental. But I'm just wondering, as you think about kind of post-COVID, right, if we're in a more
flexible work environment, putting aside any kind of migration trends outside of the state. But just if there
is more flexibility and commuting times change, how does that think -- or how does that change how you
think about your exposure within your markets, either urban, suburban or even further out? And could
there be opportunities that you're exploring today?

Michael J. Schall
President, CEO & Director

Nick, thanks for the question. It's a good one, and this is Mike. We think that there will be more work
from home flexibility but at the same time, we think that employees will be tethered at some level to the
office. As I think about the 3 other very capable people here today, knowing them and trusting them and
all these things are a great team effort and teams are better when you really know the people and can
trust the people. So I'd say that is key factor that I think, and as noted in the prepared remarks, we'll
keep employees relatively close to their jobs.

So having said that, I would think the winners in this scenario will ultimately be the high-quality cities that
are near the jobs, but also offer maybe a little bit more affordable housing and good schools, low crime
rates, et cetera. So I think that, that will play itself out.

And I think those areas, we have a lot of cities that are among the major metros that qualify for that. So
-- and some of them have been pretty hard hit. So I would -- I guess I would add to that, some of the
cities that are high-quality cities, their rents have been highly impacted by COVID. Certainly, when I think
about Northern California and the tech markets, the Peninsula, San Mateo, even suburban parts of San
Jose would be major beneficiaries of that because I -- we view that technology is going to continue to be a
very strong economic driver. And the tech ecosystem in the Bay Area is incredibly unique. And therefore,
we think it will do well.

That answered the question?

Nicholas Gregory Joseph
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

That did. That was very helpful. And then just one quick follow -- or one quick question, I guess, on the
rent relief programs. Is Essex helping residents who are behind kind of fill out or navigate the ability to get
rent relief? And is there any kind of rent relief from the government assumed in guidance?

Michael J. Schall
President, CEO & Director

Yes. We noted on the call that last week, the State of California, using federal stimulus dollars, started a
program or announced a program of $2.6 billion, potentially of rent relief. And the way it would work is
the landlord would be required to forgive 20%. And so the reimbursement from these programs could be
80%. That will be predicated on percentages of median income, average median income. So it will provide
the greatest benefit to those that are at lower income levels. And it's hard to tell exactly what that means.
We just haven't had enough time to evaluate that program. So I'm guessing that we will have a pretty
significant positive impact from it. But again, it's too early to evaluate.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

Operator

Our next questions come from the line of Jeff Spector with Bank of America.

Jeffrey Alan Spector
BofA Securities, Research Division

First, I want to say congratulations to Angela and Barb. And we wish John a great retirement. Mike, in
your opening remarks, you commented that you have or soon will reach a bottom in market rents. And
I know you're fairly conservative. And so I take that comment pretty serious. I guess, what gives you
comfort to say that? Can you just talk about that a little bit more, please?

Michael J. Schall
President, CEO & Director

Of course, Jeff, I think it's a good question, and it's, I think, probably maybe the most important question
out there. So if we look at net effective rents, for the fourth quarter, sequentially, they were down under
1%. So net debt, that's all the markets. Now there's pretty significant variation between market to
market. And part of that is, even though we have high occupancy overall, there are parts of our portfolio
that have lower occupancy. For example, San Francisco is still at 92.5%. Seattle Downtown is at about the
same level. And so there are areas that we're very highly occupied that are offsetting areas that are --
that don't have the same occupancy and actually below the average occupancy level.

And most of that, as Angela alluded to, is related to the supply level. As you can imagine, if you've got
negative job equivalent to -- right now, still as of December, equivalent to the worst part of the great
financial crisis, it is not a great time to be delivering apartment units. And therefore -- and the cities are
getting the bulk of the supply delivery. So you have this confluence that Angela spoke about, which is
negative demand growth and supply and the cities are understandably hit from that. Offsetting that is, we
do have markets that are doing very well. For example, Ventura, where rents are up almost 10% year-
over-year on a market basis. And so we're doing pretty well in a lot of these suburbs.

Now that leads to this issue that I talked about many times, which is rent-to-income. And it's interesting
that Ventura with its -- I think it's more like 8.5% to 10% rent increase is now about 17% above its long-
term historical average of this ratio of rent-to-income, which is incredibly important to us. Whereas in
Northern California were 7% below the long-term average of rent to income. So everyone looks at this
like, hey, the suburbs is going to do a lot better. But when rents go up a long ways, I would question that.

And conversely, when the rents are essentially hammered in the cities, it changes the consumer's view of
where the opportunity is. And so our view is long -- a little bit longer-term that you're going to see a very
significant movement back towards the areas where rents are -- high-quality cities where rents are pretty
affordable.

Jeffrey Alan Spector
BofA Securities, Research Division

That's very helpful. And is that what ultimately led to Essex providing the full year guidance, which is very
much appreciated?

Michael J. Schall
President, CEO & Director

Well, it's -- there's a number of things. We have a whole -- I kind of have a philosophy on guidance being
an ex-CFO. And if I weren't here, I'm not sure that Barb and Angela wouldn't have come to a different
decision to be perfectly candid. So -- but yes, I mean, our preference is to always provide what we
can and to be pretty open with the market. And then you all can disagree with us, but presumably, we
have better information than you have, and therefore, it's up to us to sort of lead the way. So that's the
philosophical position I took and it prevailed.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

Our next questions come from the line of Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley.

Richard Hill
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Thanks for all the transparency you provided in the release and in the prepared remarks. One of the things
that struck us is that you guys did a really good job early on evaluating occupancy over rent. And I think
that's one of the reasons that you're really starting to see some sequential growth. And you've alluded
to this a little bit. But I do want to maybe drill down a little bit more on the leases that are coming due
in what's historically the peak leasing season and how you think you're going to manage through that?
I recognize that you said 1Q is going to be tough, 2Q is going to be challenging as well, but how do you
think through that? How do you think your occupancy sets you up to manage through the leases coming
due, when demand is still not going to be back to where it is?

Angela L. Kleiman
Senior Executive VP & COO

Yes, it's Angela here. That's a good question, and it's certainly something that we actively debate
internally with the tactical strategy, right? Well, I don't think I want to go through our playbook in detail.
I would just say that we focus on maximizing revenue, and we do so by optimizing occupancy whenever
possible, and we meet the market. And so given where we are, you're right on point that we did in the
third quarter focus on occupancy, which allowed us in the fourth quarter to pull back on concessions as we
see the market stabilize. And so as we continue to see the -- how the market performs, we will continue to
use that strategy.

And the goal at this point is really to try to pull back on concessions whenever possible. And of course,
keep in mind that, that's subject to, of course, the supply, which I mentioned. And the CBDs will continue
to be pretty heavy. And assuming a recovery in the back half of the year, so all those come into play.

Richard Hill
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. I think that -- I have appreciation for you not wanting to give the playbook away. I would love for
you too, but I appreciate why you might not want to. I wanted to -- on the other side of the equation, just
the job growth. One of the things that, believe it or not, I think, is misunderstood about your portfolio, is
your Class A/B mix in urban versus suburban. I'm not sure that's always appreciated by the investor base.
So when you think about job growth, can you maybe break down those job growth views relative to white
collar, high class, high-paying jobs in urban markets versus maybe the type of renters that would rent
Class B in the suburban markets?

Michael J. Schall
President, CEO & Director

Yes. This is Mike. And there's a lot to that question, so I'll try to unpack it as best I can. Every recession
is a little bit different. And normally, we view Southern California as our more typical of the U.S. average,
and therefore, it's less volatile. In this recession, it has been incredibly volatile in a certain sector, and that
is the Motion Picture sector. We didn't talk about it this time, we have on prior calls. And it's effectively
shut down. And this is like the big wealth generator in Southern California. And so Southern California is
probably the biggest surprise relative to prior recessions.

For example, in the financial crisis, market rents went down in Southern California about 10% versus
about 15% for the Essex portfolio in total. So this time, Southern California looks a lot like Northern
California. And I think it's because of the 2 key parts of it, again, the filming and entertainment business
plus all of these low jobs. When you look at the sectors of jobs that have been demolished, it's all the
lower income segments of the job base, mainly it's hospitality and restaurants and other services those
jobs are down. On the metros, somewhere in the 20% range, which means in the cities which are even
higher concentrated, they're even more impacted.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

So as Angela said, you've got more supply coming into the cities. You also have worse job growth. Again
-- but we give you the averages, these are averages that more concentrated in the cities. So -- and then
when you go north into the tech markets, I think that you have 2 things that are happening. You have all
those service jobs in Seattle and the Bay Area. But you also have, I would say, greater work from home
flexibility that is that on the margin has allowed the areas that would generally be -- that are suburban
in nature, most of San Jose is suburban, it has small downtown up Peninsula through Mountain View,
where Facebook is located and Google, right in that area. Those areas have been greater -- much greater
impacted. And I think a lot of that is the work-from-home phenomena.

So I think that the -- so I think the recovery looks like a couple of things because -- there's nothing
fundamentally wrong with any of these businesses. The Motion Picture business is still a high demand. The
technology companies, as noted in the prepared remarks, a lot of venture capital money being invested,
lots of investments being made by the big tech companies into locations and buildings. And so everything,
we feel, I think, in terms of the broader economy looks fine, we need those companies to come back to
the office to some extent.

We also need -- there's always people that are retiring and again, selling their expensive California home,
going somewhere else and then backfilling comes from college graduates coming to take high-paying jobs.
So I think that there's a mismatch there, I think that the people that are leaving have left. The low-income
can't afford to stay, they either have left or are staying put, given anti-eviction laws. And then -- but we
haven't seen the backfill yet. And I think you're going to see the back starting in the next relatively soon,
and I think that they will start to solidify it because we're 90-something percent occupied. It doesn't take
that many jobs to sort of fill things up, tighten things up and then concessions start abating pretty quickly.
So that's how we see it. Hopefully, that helps.

Richard Hill
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

That does helpful a lot. One final thing from me. It strikes a chord with me when you say you have more
information than us. I think that's very true. I would encourage you if there was anything that you could
provide on population migration trends that you're seeing in your specific markets in the coming months. I
think that would be really well received. But thanks, guys. I really appreciate, as always, the dialogue.

Michael J. Schall
President, CEO & Director

Sure. No, we're happy to give it. And yes, I could give you a little bit of migration information. And again,
similar to prior recessions, where everyone focuses on the very short term, which is -- recessions happen
about every 10 years, about every 10 years, I was 50, now I am 60. I make a different decision when I'm
60 than when I was 50 about where I live and how hard I want to work and various things. And so that's
part of it.

And so lots of people make changes in their life based on what they're doing and how close they are to
retirement and a variety of other things. So I would say a lot of what you're seeing is just the first leg
of what always happens, about every 10 years and typically around a recessionary period. But in terms
of inflow, outflows, it's a little bit different by market. We still -- the migration into our markets is still
dominated by New York and Boston and even some other California metros. So there's quite a few people
moving from San Francisco to Los Angeles, for example, maybe for better weather or whatever.

In L.A., the outflow is really Las Vegas, Phoenix and other California cities. And in San Francisco, it's
Seattle, Austin, Sacramento. And Seattle is Phoenix, Boise, Austin in terms of outflow. And again, all 3
benefiting from highly skilled workers probably in a lot of the eastern metros and from some California
cities.

So hopefully, that helps. That's LinkedIn data. And -- but our experience is pretty consistent with that.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Amanda Sweitzer with Baird.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

Amanda Morgan Sweitzer
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Great. I want to dig in a little bit more on just the near-term demand you've seen. Kind of as you've had
occupancy pick up, do you have a sense of where that demand is coming from? Are you taking share from
other properties in the market? Or have you really seen renters moving up in quality like you have last
cycle?

Michael J. Schall
President, CEO & Director

Well, it's -- Angela, I think, put a happy face on it, and I'll let her comment in a minute, but it's a battle
out there. So I wouldn't say we're taking anything from anyone. I'd say we're all competing fiercely to --
and we all have maybe a little bit different focus. And again, as we've said before, our focus is maintain
high occupancy, protect the coupon rent, we'll use concessions when we have to, try to be aware of what
time of year it is and what that battle is going to look like and plan ahead. So I think we do a good job
with that.

But I don't think there's any winners in this current situation. So we are trying to turn the battle ship
toward a better day, but it's not quite here yet. Obviously, apartments, we look ugly when it's getting
better. We lag when your leases cause us to lag. And the all-time high in terms of our achieved leases will
hit in Q1 and Q2, which is why the year-over-year will look so ugly. And -- but things are definitely slowly
getting better, and I think we'll see that down the road, as Angela said, in the second half.

Amanda Morgan Sweitzer
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. That makes sense. And then turning to the dispositions, you've lined up. Can you just provide more
color on kind of the profile of those assets, either in terms of age or location and then as well as the buyer
pool? And if that buyer pool has changed at all from pre-COVID.

Adam W. Berry
Executive VP & Chief Investment Officer

Sure. Yes, this is Adam. Happy to answer. So for those 3, they're situated throughout our portfolio. And so
there's really no kind of general overview of the type of asset they are. In all 3 cases, these are actually
3 exchange buyers. And so say, there's one in the Bay Area, I'll just use as an example. It's in a heavily
concessioned Bay Area market. And the way we're underwriting it, as you can imagine, it's kind of tough
to peg cap rates given where current net effective rents are. So we're underwriting it based a couple of
different ways. One is on kind of pre-COVID in-place rents and then looking at current net effective today.

On current net effective, that deal, again, this is heavily concession Bay Area market. It's in the low 3s, so
call it, 3.2, or something like that. And on pre-COVID numbers, that's about a 3.8 or so. And so that's the
spread net, and that was underwritten in the fourth quarter. So concessions have varied before that and
since, but that's the ballpark.

And there still is -- there's enough of a transaction market out there where market has been set. The
buyers are a little different than during your typical cycle, but there continue to be deals that go down.

Operator

Our next questions come from the line of Rich Anderson with SMBC.

Richard Charles Anderson
SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc., Research Division

Congrats, everyone, and congrats to John to, if he's listening. On the topic of eviction moratorium, I'm
feeling like that could be a messy time when they start to expire, I wonder if you agree? I mean, some
people just start paying again, but then perhaps a swath of people say, "Oh, I got to leave now because

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

they're making me pay". Is there a risk that you could see some volatility in occupancy when those things
start to burn off and we kind of try to get back to some sort of normalcy?

Michael J. Schall
President, CEO & Director

Rich, it's Mike. And maybe Angela would want to comment as well. But I think messy was a very good way
to describe it because I think we're looking -- we evaluate it very much the same way. The -- back in --
when AB-3088, which again, was supplemented by this SB-91, 3088 was passed in August and required
residents to pay -- COVID-affected residents to pay at least 25% of their rent by January 31. And then
SB-91 ruled that January 31 date to June. So the 25% is getting larger, and it definitely will add pressure
to that whole situation. And definitely I'm not smart enough to figure out how that's all going to play out.

We're all hoping that this federal stimulus money -- we have mostly a B type of portfolio. And so we don't
have any quantification of it whatsoever, but that would certainly help a lot because that would potentially
pay 80% of the unpaid rent, and we would have to walk away from the 20%, but that's a whole lot better
than what we've assumed in terms of our delinquencies.

So yes, I think that we're recovered in terms of the normal to kind of probably slightly conservative case
scenario. And maybe there's a little bit upside here given SB-91. So that's how I'd answer. But you're
absolutely right. I don't know -- I don't for sure know the answer to it.

Richard Charles Anderson
SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc., Research Division

Okay. And then you kind of talked about your portfolio sort of characterization B quality. I guess I'm a little
surprised that the portfolio didn't do a little bit better. With the disruption going on in the urban core, you
would think that your portfolio being larger, once removed from those environments, might have captured
a bit more in terms of flow of residents. And it's easy for me to say, obviously, there's a lot going on in
your markets.

But perhaps maybe it's that very characteristic of your portfolio, again, sort of B quality, not necessarily
downtown locations that gives you the feeling to say something like cautious optimism? Or I'm wondering
if that's a driving factor to some of the optimism that you're kind of trying to say today?

Michael J. Schall
President, CEO & Director

Well, I mean, optimism is -- I'm not sure we're -- if optimistic is, yes, it looks like we've hit bottom after
getting -- being pummeled, then yes, I guess that's optimistic. But I wouldn't say that. I mean, I think
that as I said in the opening script and the reason why I put it in there is, hey, this -- we're still at a point
where the nation has lost as many jobs as it lost in the financial crisis. And in the financial crisis, our
average market rents were down 15%. Seattle was a little worse, about 20%, and Southern California did
a little better.

So I think we are kind of where we are or where we would expect to be given the extraordinary number
of jobs lost. Now it's not the same as the financial crisis in that you've lost these low end service jobs,
and they're mostly in the city servicing at various levels, very wealthy clientele with lots of money. So it's
different, but mostly the same.

I would say, I'm not surprised about where rents have gone in general. And I hope for a robust recovery
with vaccine distribution and all that stuff because it seems like a lot of this is really focused on COVID
direct outcomes, losing service jobs just because of COVID because those service jobs just aren't there,
they're shutdown by the government.

So I think we'll be able to come back pretty quickly because I think people do want to go out to eat dinner
and that type of stuff. And so I think it's going to come back, and I hope soon, obviously.

Richard Charles Anderson
SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

Okay. And just real quick, on the delinquencies, kind of just taking a reserve against all of that $0.45 hit
to this year. I mean, when you really look at that, what's your experience in terms of then actually not
deserving the bad debt tag and they actually become collectible, is it 50% in past cycles? Or is it hard to
say because this one is so different?

Barb M. Pak
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, this is Barb. This cycle is very different than any other cycle. Even during the financial crisis, our
delinquency was only 50 to 60 basis points of scheduled rent. So being at 2.7%, which is where we've
been the last couple of quarters, is obviously a lot higher. I think in the fourth quarter, we did take -- we
reserved against all of it, and that was really due to the environment. We were in a severe lockdown state
for most of the quarter and into January, not really knowing when any of that was going to lift. We decided
to take a pause. And we'll reassess in Q1 and see where things are at as that goes.

And then the $0.45 that I alluded to in my script, that's really compared to our historical run rate. So for
the foreseeable future, we do expect delinquency to remain elevated. This eviction protection moratorium,
SB-91 goes until June. And then we don't know what's going to happen after that.

So we have assumed that we don't make a lot of progress on the delinquency. It's not because we can't
collect, it's a combination of both, people not paying and collections kind of are getting us to that mid-2%
range of scheduled rent.

Operator

Our next questions come from the line of Rich Hightower with Evercore ISI.

Richard Allen Hightower
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Just a quick one from me. We've covered a lot of ground. But just on this disconnect between reported
same-store and FFO, given the cash concession accounting treatment versus GAAP with respect to
revenue and FFO. So if we sort of assume the concessions, heavy concessions shut down on June 30, let's
say, which I think is sort of implied in the outlook, help us understand the cadence thereafter. When you
would sort of stop seeing that disconnect between the 2 series, just as we think about modeling that into
2022, it sounds like?

Barb M. Pak
Executive VP & CFO

Well, I don't have 2022 guidance at this point. But in the back half of the year, we do expect concessions
to moderate, not to abate completely but to moderate. And that's where you'll see -- it will benefit same-
store revenue growth but the offset will be on core FFO growth given that we'll have to amortize the
straight line of concessions. And so that will mute our core FFO growth relative to the same-property
growth that you'll see. And we expect that to happen in the last 2 quarters of this year. And then 2022 is
not something I can give at this time.

Richard Allen Hightower
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Yes. Right. Right. I guess that part of it for -- while the concessions are still heaviest. But I mean, could
you -- is there a way to walk through the timing, assuming a 12-month lease or something like that, that
would say, okay, by this point in 2022, you would see same store and FFO converge or correlate more in
the way they have historically, is there way to frame that out, or is it just sort of reaching too far at this
point?

Michael J. Schall
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

Yes, Rich, this is Mike. Let me add something here. And Angela is in the middle of this, so she can
comment, too. But it's more like a battle every day because we are constantly increasing or pulling back
concessions, changing rent levels, trying to find the optimum for net effective rents. And so it's impossible
to model that.

And so I'd say, trust us to do a good job of trying to figure that out. We have people that are spending
very -- I'd say, senior people that are spending a lot of time in the trenches pricing units. Everyone is a
little bit different. As you can imagine, supply and demand changes on a daily basis. And we just can't tell
you what's going to happen. We can't tell you -- our guidance is based on something, but the reality is, we
can't tell you that, that exactly is going to happen. And the mix of concession and rent differential it could
change.

And this is -- I've been here for a really long time, many of you probably say too long. But it's unlike any
other period I've seen. And as a result, it's very difficult to be too granular with respect to answering these
questions.

Operator

Our next questions come from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler.

Alexander David Goldfarb
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

First, we'll continue to congrats. So Angela and Barb, mazal tov as we sit here in New York, on your new
roles, that's wonderful. But Mike, to the point of CEO succession planning. I mean, obviously, we saw
AvalonBay do it. You guys did it a number of years ago when Keith handed the reins over to you. It did
seem from the outside that John was being groomed. Maybe that wasn't the case. But again, on the
outside, that's what it looked like.

So can you just talk a little bit about CEO succession? Does this impact anything? Does it not? And just
any other impact that may come of this or maybe this opens up spots in the senior ranks to allow you to
groom more people to raise to more senior roles at Essex?

Michael J. Schall
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Alex, thanks for the question. It's a good one, really important. We take succession planning super
seriously. I'm really pleased that I have 3 very, very capable executives around me. And I think as I look
even beyond them, we have a pretty deep bench. And you're right, I was somewhat surprised when John
contacted me late third quarter, early fourth quarter, about sort of a change of plans involving him. And I
asked him to reconsider. And we all need to live our lives and make decisions. And so we decided on the
course, and it probably took too long to come to agreement about what his role was going to be going
forward. We ended up with the press release after Christmas, it could have been much earlier, just took
time to finalize what that was going to look like. So apologize for the optics of it.

Having said that, John is always in our minds, in our hearts, and he's forever a part of the company. And
certainly, we wish him well. He's done a tremendous amount of good for the company. So as we think
about succession planning, the basic philosophy is the doors to or the pass to the CEO job are always
open. And the historical path has been mostly through finance. I came through finance and then ran
ops and then up. And -- but we want other paths to be open too, including maybe through operations or
through investments.

So wherever we see talented people, it's one of my primary jobs to keep those pass open and don't let
them be blocked by people that are -- that don't have interest in being CEO. That's kind of the key to the
whole thing. And then backing off of that down looking at the people below and making sure that they
have diverse experiences and have moved around the organization. And in the case of Barb, Angela, John,
all of them wore [indiscernible] hats on their way to -- up the organization. So we expect to continue to do
that. And I think that's the way it has to be in order to have a proper succession process.

Alexander David Goldfarb
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Okay. And then the second question is, one of the hallmarks of Essex has been investing when there's
abnormalities in the market. And Mike, you mentioned something interesting that in the suburbs, the rent
affordability index was at perhaps an all-time high or definitely elevated, whereas the urban areas are
below the average, more affordable. However, you guys have sold out of the urban areas and been more
suburban.

So does this make you want to switch and now sell more suburban, get back into the urban? Or are there
other dynamics at work where with this pricing affordability imbalance, you wouldn't do what maybe you
would have historically done prior to the pandemic?

Michael J. Schall
President, CEO & Director

Maybe I'll have Adam comment on that, and then I'll fill in when he's done. Because he looks at this stuff
in a lot of detail, and he -- I give a lot of credit because he's out there transacting when no one else is.
And some of the transactions he's done, we are so close to the pre-COVID period. And I think it's pretty
exceptional what we've been able to accomplish. So Adam, do you want to comment on that?

Adam W. Berry
Executive VP & Chief Investment Officer

Sure. Yes. And Alex, hopefully, this is the gist of what you're looking for. We're always -- we're looking
at all of our markets at all times. And so during this recent -- kind of recent -- during COVID period,
we've been primarily sellers. And most of those we sold in the CBDs. And we've done that for a variety
of reasons, and that dates back to -- we sold 8th & Hope in Downtown, L.A., sold Masso in San Francisco
prior to COVID. And those -- pricing on those deals was significantly above what our in-place NAV was at
the time.

And so we felt at the time the right decision to make from an arbitrage standpoint was sell those and
reinvest in either our existing portfolio, buy back stock or in other assets in suburban locations. The
really heavily impacted CBD locations. Quality of life, especially, say, in Downtown, L.A., in SoMa, in San
Francisco has been challenging and will likely continue to be challenging here for the foreseeable future.

Many of the, what we consider or what we call, suburbs are very densely populated suburbs, and that's
where we see opportunity, and that's where we see much of the market coming back sooner rather than
later. So like I said, we're constantly assessing where we are. And if there are opportunities in CBD, where
we can buy at a good basis, and we see significant rent growth, we'll do that.

But yes, I mean, like I said, we've been net sellers here, and we've sold -- all the deals that we've sold
last year and then into this year have been within 2% of our pre-COVID NAV, some above, some slightly
below. So that's been the right philosophy and the right strategy, and we'll assess as we go on. Mike?

Michael J. Schall
President, CEO & Director

I think that says it well. Alex, maybe I'll add one more thing, just real briefly. The Walk Score issue is
pretty interesting to me because the areas with the best rent growth have the worst Walk Score. And then
the CBDs and some of the places that have the best Walk Score have been hammered in terms of rent.
So everyone needs to ask themselves a question, will Walk Score ever matter again? And my view is, it
will. And it will be nuanced, and it may not be the highest Walk Score gives you the best rents. But I just
have a belief that having a nice location, low crime, pleasant surroundings, lots of entertainment and food
options, et cetera, is going to continue to be important. And those are in sort of the high-quality suburbs
that Adam just referred to.

Operator

Our next questions come from the line of Zack Silverberg with Mizuho.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

Zachary D. Silverberg
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

Just a quick one for me. Just a follow-up on an earlier one. In your supplemental and in your prepared
remarks, you talked about the VC investments and job postings in Essex market. Maybe can you give a
little historical context around that? Is there a specific correlation that you're looking for or bag time? Or
how are you able to sort of quantify this momentum in terms of lease-up or lease rates?

Michael J. Schall
President, CEO & Director

Yes, this is Mike. I have the experience of living through the dot-com bubble and then bust. And I would
say that what I see relative to that is even close. During the dot-com bubble period rent surged about
40% in 2 years. It set our all-time high in terms of rent to income level. So rents being at a very high
percentage of income level. And contrast that to what I said earlier, which is rents appear very affordable.
San Francisco real rents down somewhere around 20%.

Well, Northern California, in general, is about 7% below our long-term average of rent to income in terms
of affordability. And if I compare -- if I take a look at that number and compare it to the financial crisis,
I think we got to about 90% of the long-term average. So in Northern California, we're at 93%. So it's
starting to feel pretty affordable.

Again, these are areas that support high income, high jobs, high-paying jobs, et cetera, and the rent
levels are now at a point where I doubt that the tech companies are going bat an eye all that much at the
cost of living because affordability has changed pretty dramatically overnight. Now I can change back. It
doesn't take that many apartment -- new apartment units of demand to come in and take 96% occupancy
to 97%, and then it's a whole different game.

But that's the way that we look at it. We've said, the band between the rental income, the band between
90% and 110% is kind of the green zone that we do well in. And in the markets that have been hardest
hit, we are closer to the 90% of the long-term historical average. And again, in Ventura, we're above the
110%. So it's -- it will change the choices that renters make, I believe.

Zachary D. Silverberg
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

Got you. I appreciate the color. I just have one quick follow-up. In your guidance, you're not really guiding
for any development. Can you maybe just comment there? Is there any future opportunity that you guys
are looking at? Anything right now, you guys just sort of haven't contemplated in the guidance, any color
there?

Adam W. Berry
Executive VP & Chief Investment Officer

Yes. Zack, this is Adam. We're constantly looking at different development opportunities. And we
do get exposed to quite a few to work through our pref pipeline as well, and they kind of can both
feed off of each other. We have a couple of deals right now where we're looking at fairly seriously in
predevelopment stages where we're spending minimal pursue dollars. We actually did -- we walked away
from a predevelopment deal last year, but there continues to be some potential there as well.

So we're looking for unique opportunities. The development yields right now are potential, generally
speaking, but these 2 or 3 that we're looking at, ones that are really well located, high quality of life,
suburban location. One is really good, in a really job center TOD. And then the other one is also a very
good job situation with some existing income. So looking at everything and 1 or 2 might fit the bill.

Operator

Our next questions come from the line of Neil Malkin with Capital One Securities.

Neil Lawrence Malkin

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

Capital One Securities, Inc., Research Division

Two questions. One for Mike, one for Adam. And also congratulations, Angela and Barb as well. First,
looking at the sort of recovery that you guys are sort of talking about starting in the second half. I guess I
just want to kind of understand what you think that looks like in terms of the time line to get back to like,
I guess, "covered"? I ask because you look at your main Essex markets, about 1.1 million jobs have been
lost in 2020. And you're assuming like 3.4% or around 400,000 jobs. So a little under 3 years of that kind
of growth will be needed to get back to a level commensurate with pre-COVID.

So just based on those things, Mike, how do you guys see that sort of "recovery"? I understand the comps
in the second half of this year are going to be very easy. But after that, what do you guys kind of think
about when it were at, again, like pre-COVID type pricing?

Michael J. Schall
President, CEO & Director

Yes. That's a great question. For example, based on the job losses in San Francisco, we should be a lot
lower occupied than we really are. And so what happens during the recession is people move closer into
the better areas. Plenty of people will say, "hey, I would live in San Francisco, but the rents are too high".
And so they live within the proximity around San Francisco and commute in. And then once this happens,
they make a different choice, and they say, "hey, with those rents, there's a backfilling approach".

And so I would agree with you. What happens, the natural consequence of that is, and then obviously,
there's another way beyond that and another way beyond that. And somewhere out there on the
hinterlands and the very periphery with the Bay Area, you have areas that are not 95% occupied, they
might be 80% occupied because people make different choices based on pricing. And again, this has been
one of the absolutes in my career and why we harp on this rent-to-income ratio as being so important.

So the people -- the number of people that moved out of San Francisco versus -- it has been backfilled,
but largely by people that have moved in from, let's say, Oakland or further out and want to live in the
city. And then this backfilling process is ongoing. So here we are at 96%, having lost all those jobs that
you just mentioned. And so the question is when those jobs come back, how does this how does this
reverse itself?

And some of these people will be happy to live in the city for a year and then maybe it will be priced out
of the city and will be moved into one of these secondary markets. So you're absolutely right. But --
and again, we price it -- this is part of why we price things to keep occupancy high because if we keep
occupancy high, we'll draw people out of the, let's say, the less desirable suburbs and wait for demand to
come back, and that is our way of maximizing revenue during the recessionary periods.

Neil Lawrence Malkin
Capital One Securities, Inc., Research Division

I totally appreciate that strategy. I think it's the right one. I guess, I'm just trying to get at -- like I totally
-- it's great that you have 96% above occupancy, but that doesn't -- the market rents are still terrible.
So yes, I guess, I mean like 2022, I don't know, I'm just saying, like you got -- like 2023, are you back?
I'm just trying to kind of assess what that looks like for the portfolio. I don't know if you can't give that or
that's hard. I apologize.

Michael J. Schall
President, CEO & Director

No, you're spot on. I mean, unfortunately, we won't be able to be all that specific about this. I would tell
you that part of the reason why we do what we do is because concessions can abate pretty quickly. And I
can't tell you how quickly, and I can't tell you how many jobs it's going to take in order for that to happen.
But I can tell you that, that is typically what happens that concessions as quickly as they came, they
can go away just as quickly. We're going to have the overhang from the straight-line rent issue, which
is a different factor. But our hope is that we get enough demand. Those tech companies continue to hire

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

people, bring -- they decide to live somewhere close to the major urban centers or where most of the job
locations are.

And again, it just doesn't take that much. But how long will it take to get back to where we were? I mean
it's a battleship, and it's going to take a year or 2, at least to get back there, it is what I would guess. I
mean, the trajectory, as you pointed out, we lost a whole lot of jobs in the nation, and we've gotten some
of them back, but we're still going to have a shortfall, and we're delivering some apartment units.

I'd argue that the single-family component is so muted and a lot of markets have a lot more single-family
as a percentage of total stock, housing stock than we do. And that is around -- I think it was like 0.3%
production level will help a lot.

And so I think -- I would guess that as the restaurants open up. We're going to see a surge of people
coming back into the cities in these service jobs, and concessions are going to abate pretty quickly. That's
what I think would happen. And we'll be updating as quarters go by, but it's hard to tell exactly when this
is all going to happen.

Operator

Our next questions come from the line of Austin Wurschmidt with KeyBanc Capital Markets.

Austin Todd Wurschmidt
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Appreciate you're keeping this going. So -- and also a lot of great detail in the release on jobs postings
and some of the macro forecasts despite all of this uncertainty. Your response to a question on migration
patterns that some people left aren't coming back certainly seems to be the case. But how are you
contemplating? Or does your guidance account for the portion of residents that didn't lose their jobs or
even students that temporarily left your market or campuses in these markets?

Michael J. Schall
President, CEO & Director

It really doesn't. I mean, we assume that there is sort of a tailwind, a demographic tailwind and that
people live longer, and they retired at about the same time that they used to retire. So they have longer
retirements. People who live longer, consume houses without consuming jobs. And so there's sort of a
presumption that, that is a demographic tailwind that's going to be with us as long as live longer. In terms
of being more granular than that, we're really not. And we know those people are out there. There are lots
of contract workers and I don't have that data. It was something that John used to focus on a lot.

But a lot of contract workers that left amid COVID and connected with both the entertainment industry
and the tech industry. How many of those come back remains a question too. So I view it as when
uncertainty unfolds, everyone kind of pulls in, companies become less aggressive at hiring. We saw that.
We saw the drop-off of tech jobs by the top 10 employers there. And all the contract workers go home. If
there's a little bit of a bright spot here, the Trump administration was pretty negative on H-1B visas. That
will probably open up a bit, and immigration might open up a bit here, which I think will help somewhat.

But we don't try to get more granular other than to look at the supply-demand ratio really represented by
drop in jobs, that's probably 80% of the total picture or something like that.

Austin Todd Wurschmidt
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Okay. No, that's helpful. I appreciate the thoughts there. And then, Barb, I think you mentioned kind of
concessions run high in the first half of the year. But I was wondering if you could put a finer point on that.
Do you expect -- the net effective pricing that you provided in the release this quarter, do you expect the
pricing you achieved in 4Q in early part of the year that, that reverses because we don't see the demand
come back until maybe later in the year? Or does it kind of hold around current levels and then improve in
the back half of the year?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

Barb M. Pak
Executive VP & CFO

Are you referring to S-16, the new and renewal when you talk about net effective pricing? Just want to...

Austin Todd Wurschmidt
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Yes. Correct. I think you were doing gross before and provided some net effective data this quarter.

Barb M. Pak
Executive VP & CFO

I think Angela can talk about pricing. But yes, in the guidance, we do assume concessions remain
relatively consistent with Q4 for the first half of the year. And then moderate in the second half of the year.

Angela L. Kleiman
Senior Executive VP & COO

Yes. And that's a good question, it's Angela here. On the pricing, I think the way we think of it is that Mike
talked about market rents troughing, kind of currently, fourth quarter or December, January. And I talked
about scheduled rent troughing and say, by the end of second quarter because I was looking at year-over-
year. And so there's a couple of different factors, which may be a little confusing.

So as far as pricing is concerned, we currently do see -- what we reported in January to hold. Keep in
mind, this is also towards a lower peaking season. So as we progress and if the economy continues to
improve, and reopen, we -- that's why we talked about second quarter -- I'm sorry, second half of the
year being better. But it's hard to talk about it kind of month-to-month. I think right now, we're in good
position because we had employed the strategy of higher occupancy and which allows us to reduce our
concession. And so if we're able to continue to do that. And that's what we're targeting for our guidance
for the year.

Operator

Our next questions come from the line of Nick Yulico with Scotia Bank.

Sumit Sharma
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

This is Sumit here in for Nick. And I apologize, I know we all asked the same questions differently, but I
just want to sort of understand how you guys look at this problem. 2020 wasn't a normal year for leasing.
The cadence actually changed. Most of your occupancy gains happened in Q3. And in Q3, I thought
looking at the month-to-month stuff, July was the peak year sort of occupancy burst and then a little bit
sort of 50%, 50% split in August, September. You also offered more concessions in the Labor Day kind of
time frame.

So I guess if everything -- the concessions side, vaccine aside, everything is sort of -- if you look at it from
a normal lease expiration schedule perspective, things are weighted towards the Q3. How does that sort of
reset to a more normal kind of cadence of turnover and leasing unless you invite in shorter leases? Or I'm
just inquisitive on that.

Angela L. Kleiman
Senior Executive VP & COO

This is Angela here. I think you're asking about the cadence of our leasing season, and if that's the case, if
that is your question, we would expect that cadence itself for 2021 to be somewhat similar to prior years.
And so we would expect, depending on our markets, but for the most part, that they kind of they start
peaking, say, around June and [ sale ] peaks later, say closer to July. And that's -- during those times,
we tend to have the least amount of concessions, but because our leases -- also more leases turn during
that time, we may -- we would probably end up with slightly lower occupancy just by the way the number
work.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

So that kind of gives you the trajectory in terms of our business. But the reason we're talking about when
things trough and the year-over-year comparables because that does impact what happens for the whole
year and that behaves differently because of COVID last year. Because second half of 2020 -- I'm sorry,
first half was 2020 was much better than second half. And so you kind of have that flip in terms of year-
over-year growth were -- first half of 2021 will be much harder and second half will be easier.

Sumit Sharma
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Got it. Okay, yes, yes. A little more clarity on the cadence is what was -- what I wanted to hear. And in
terms of like when we look at your macroeconomic forecast, kudos to Mr. Paul Morgan and team, I guess.
It appears that Northern California has the highest job growth at 3.4%, but the lowest rent growth at
minus 3.6%. So there's a lag. I assume that the lag is related to the hyper-concession activity we saw in
2021 and 2020. And so we're sort of building back from there.

But I'm also wondering whether you guys have any sort of factors or discounts for jobs that are created
by companies domiciled in California, but have been -- offered the employees the flexibility to work from
anywhere. So is that factoring into your kind of negative 1.9% rent growth forecast, effective rent growth
forecast?

Michael J. Schall
President, CEO & Director

Let me comment on the minus 1.9%. So what that represents is each month, year-over-year, what the
market -- or that effective rent differential is year-over-year. So again, if you look at January of this year,
the prior year rents were going up, and obviously, we've had a big decline in current rent. So you start
with a large negative number in January year-over-year. And then as you go through the year, those lines
are going to cross because we're going to end up with a lot easier comps in the second half of the year.
And so it really is the trajectory of rents year-over-year.

So it's going to start with a big negative in January, and then it's going to go to a mid-single-digit positive
by the end of the year and averaging all that out. So January over January, February over February,
projected market rents. Average all that out to minus 1.9%. So it's not intended to be because of
concessions. It's really because we've had -- we start the year -- again, the prior year rents were all-time
highs.

Rents have rolled down a lot. So we start in a hole for the first half of this year. And then we start hitting
much easier comps as we get into July, August, September. And then our year-over-year would be
positive. When you average all that together, month by month, you get minus 1.9%. Does that make
sense?

Sumit Sharma
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Yes. Got it. And then as far as your job growth forecast as being a driver of that model, does that factor in
any work from home flexibility versus, let's say, a model that you built in early 2020?

Michael J. Schall
President, CEO & Director

I didn't ask Paul that question specifically but he's a very thoughtful guy, and he's well aware and very
concerned as well about this work from home scenario. But again, our base case scenario is that people
will have greater flexibility working from home. But again, as a CEO of a company, being able to have
this team dynamic, what we're trying to accomplish. There are so many pieces of this organization that
all have to act in unison. You've got to know the people. And so that's what really makes us believe that
this hybrid model where greater flexibility work from home, but people that are going to be in proximity,
unlikely to be far, far away from the office because they're going to have to report from time to time, let's
say, 2, 3 times a week. We think that, that is probably what's going to happen for a lot of workers.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

Again -- and I'm excluding all the workers that have to show up, which I think was estimated at about
60%, including, for example, all of our property teams, anyone that works at a restaurant, et cetera.
There was a lot of jobs. There's no work from home flexibility. There is no such thing. And I think that the
-- as you read a lot of these reports and news clippings on this subject, they kind of forget about those
people.

And so I think it's going to -- again, we will have more work from home flexibility. And so may be, the city
centers are a little bit less desirable. Even though that's where the great restaurants are going to continue
to be, and that's where the tourism is going and all those other things. So -- but maybe the suburbs do a
little bit better in that scenario.

Operator

Our next questions come from the line of John Pawlowski with Green Street Advisors.

John Joseph Pawlowski
Green Street Advisors, LLC, Research Division

Great. Angela, just a few questions for you on our Northern California portfolio. So I'm just curious your
thoughts on the quality of occupancy heading into spring and summer leasing when a lot of leases are --
that were given 1 to 2 months free, come and expire. Are you assuming occupancy, meaningful occupancy
slippage in the peak leasing season in Northern California?

Angela L. Kleiman
Senior Executive VP & COO

That's a good question. At this point, not likely because the occupancy slippage that we've seen last year
had -- that were driven by, say, the consultant switched income or people who lost their job. They already
lost their job, so they're not going to re-lose their job. And so -- and Northern California already is sitting
at one of our lower occupancy levels and so I don't -- we don't expect significant further deterioration from
that. We have been able to [ grow ] occupancy there. And so that's a good sign. And so I expect that we
will continue to do that.

John Joseph Pawlowski
Green Street Advisors, LLC, Research Division

Yes. But 96.5% is well north of market occupancy. And so I mean there's a lot of private competitors that
have an [ 8th ] handle on occupancy. So as it remains concessionary, I know a lot of the pain is out of the
system, but is there any kind of reset in occupancy in your portfolio coming?

Angela L. Kleiman
Senior Executive VP & COO

I don't see that. But keep in mind, the -- some of the major pain points related to CBD, where you have
a lot more supply. And we don't have as much in the CBDs. And so well, it's still going to be competitive
out there. So I'm not dismissing that. I just don't see further meaningful occupancy deterioration for our
portfolio.

John Joseph Pawlowski
Green Street Advisors, LLC, Research Division

Okay. And then I'll on the rent side, could you share what you think gained the leases right now in the
Northern California portfolio if you include concessions?

Michael J. Schall
President, CEO & Director

You're making me cry, John.

Angela L. Kleiman
Senior Executive VP & COO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

Not a pretty number, I can tell you that. So in January were -- I don't have the January number, I don't
[ remember the ] number.

Michael J. Schall
President, CEO & Director

Close enough.

Angela L. Kleiman
Senior Executive VP & COO

Yes. So gain-to-lease for Northern California as a whole is about 8%. But I do want to also give a little
context, right, because while loss lease is an important metric, during seasonally low or slow periods like
in the first quarter or in the fourth quarter, and market rent has much higher volatility, so it negatively
impacts this metric. It's just not as meaningful well, it's not something we would want to ever happen,
which is why whenever people ask us, we always point them at [indiscernible] average because it's not too
hot, not too cold.

So this number isn't great. But typically, during this time, this number isn't great. Obviously, it's a larger
magnitude. But there are a lot of volatility and smaller number of leases turned during this time. So that
magnifies that volatility.

Michael J. Schall
President, CEO & Director

And let me add a little color, John. So overall, it's about 4.6% on the portfolio. And typically, there is a
gain to lease almost every December, more like in the 2% range. So again, you're picking the worst part,
bad boy for that. You're picking the worst part of the portfolio. And so I wanted to give you that broader
context so that it was taken with a little bit of a broader view of what that looks like.

Operator

Our next questions come from the line of Dennis McGill with Zelman.

Alex Kalmus
Zelman & Associates LLC

This is Alex Kalmus on for Dennis. We talked a lot about migration, but curious, you guys are -- know
where the tenants that have come, where they're coming from, like their previous living situation. So are
there a lot of apartment through apartment moves? Or have you also seen some pickup in potentially
younger adults living with parents that came back to apartment situations?

Michael J. Schall
President, CEO & Director

That's a very good question. And I don't have the data, I wish I had on that. We noted, I think, last
quarter that the number of adults living at home was something like 100-year high, [ right? ]. So there's
obviously a lot of people out there that work from home flexibility, et cetera. And I'm pretty sure that, that
will uncouple itself in due course. So most of us don't want to live with our parents forever.

So -- but I'm sure that, that's a piece of it. I don't have the sense that the really hiring has picked up quite
yet. But typically, what happens is the new year comes with new budgets and new business plans and
things get going really after Super Bowl Sunday. And then we'll have a much better sense probably in a
quarter about what's happening.

And you see you hit one of the key ones, how many adults are living at home with their parents or recent
college graduates, for example, that have work from home flexibility and can work from home, save some
money, that's one piece. But there are other pieces, the contract employees coming back, which are big
time part of the part of the high-tech industry. H-1B visas, people that were forced to go home because of
COVID and potentially can come back. So there are a number of possible pieces of demand that are out
there that we can see coming back. I just don't have a way to monitor them or follow them.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

25

ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

Alex Kalmus
Zelman & Associates LLC

Got it. And just hitting on that last point, you mentioned on the H-1B visas. And forgive me if you talked
about this earlier, given the overlapping calls today, but is the new administration's potentially more
integration friendly policy will -- do you see any benefit -- have you seen any benefits so far? And are you
expecting any job growth or movement from those change in policies?

Michael J. Schall
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I do. I mean, I'd say the Trump administration was very tough on the foreign workers coming into
the U.S. A lot of the technology jobs, and a lot of, obviously, the technology CEOs have indicated that
they need to draw the best and brightest from around the world, and that it's good for America for that
to happen. Some of the policies that the Trump administration followed were not giving work visas to the
spouses of foreign workers. And just in general, not accommodating them, making the renewal process
more challenging. They also tried to make actually, the process more fair as well. But -- so it's not all
negative.

But I would expect the Biden administration -- I think I saw something recently. I don't have anything
that I pulled for the call. But I think I said something recently that they will open up in addition to not
building any more walls, et cetera, that they will open up the immigration process to foreign workers,
which would mean -- a lot of workers went home because they're their spouse couldn't work or they didn't
have another occupation. So it changed the dynamic of that program.

So I do look forward -- I do think that, that will be a positive, whether it's a material positive, it remains to
be seen.

Operator

Our next questions come from the line of John Kim with BMO Capital Markets.

Piljung Kim
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Is it your understanding that tech companies are going to follow Google's lead and not require employees
to return until September? I'm just wondering what's your assumption in guidance as far as the timing of
workers returning to office?

Michael J. Schall
President, CEO & Director

It's a good question. We don't -- we're not making any assumptions about that. And that remains one of
the unknowns. All the COVID-related items, I guess, remain unknown. Again, our core belief is that most
of these companies have announced that they do want their employees to come back to the office. There
have been a whole series of pushing back to office states, allowing workers being concerned about -- in
the Google's case, being concerned about making sure that workers have enough flexibility to plan their
lives and lease an apartment, for example, somewhere else that they wanted to.

One of the big tech companies, don't remember which one, told -- asked all of their employees to
come back into the current country, into the U.S., that was a good positive start and a step toward
normalization. And -- but again, there's no basic assumption that we've made with respect to that. We're
just assuming that with virus vaccine distribution that the world will become much more normal as we
approach herd immunity. And as soon as that happens, most of these companies will come back to
working at the office.

Piljung Kim
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

26

ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

Okay. And Angela, in your prepared remarks about an hour ago, you mentioned the strength of the life
science office market. I'm just wondering if there's an opportunity to focus more in some of the biotech
clusters that you operate in?

Angela L. Kleiman
Senior Executive VP & COO

I think that's an Adam question on investments.

Adam W. Berry
Executive VP & Chief Investment Officer

There are a few markets that we have targeted that -- on the development side and investment side that
are heavily driven by life sciences and biotech. So absolutely, we see that as a continued driver to the
economy, and it continues to grow.

Operator

There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to management for any
closing comments.

Michael J. Schall
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining the call today. We look forward to participating
in the Citi conference coming up in about a month. And hopefully, we will meet with many of you there
remotely. But I also hope that sometime in the not distant future, we can meet once again in person. Have
a nice day. Again, thank you for joining the call.

Operator
Thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines
at this time. Have a great day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

27

ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

28

