Etsy, Inc. NasdaqGS:ETSY
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, May 06, 2020 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.25

-

Revenue  (mm)

219.34

228.06

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-04-2020 4:07 AM GMT

-

3.98

0.07

207.84

0.66

1.25

968.11

1213.62

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.21

0.21

0.28

0.25

0.23

0.25

0.34

-

9.52 %

19.05 %

21.43 %

-

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
ETSY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Joshua G. Silverman
President, CEO & Director

Rachel C. Glaser
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ETSY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Presentation

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations

Hi, everyone, and welcome to Etsy's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. I'm Deb Wasser, Vice
President of Investor Relations. And joining me today are Josh Silverman, CEO; Rachel Glaser, CFO; and
Gabe Ratcliff, our Director of Investor Relations.

Today, we are trying something a little different, given our work-from-home status, our first ever
video earnings call. For quality purposes, our prepared remarks have been pre-reported along with
accompanying slides. The slide deck has been posted on our website for your reference. Once we are
finished with Josh and Rachel's presentations, we will transition to a live video webcast Q&A session.
Questions can be submitted by the Q&A chat window displayed on your screen. Feel free to use it at any
time as it will remain open throughout the entire conference call. I'll be reading your questions, and Gabe
will help me try to get to as many as we can.

Please keep in mind that our remarks today include forward-looking statements related to our financial
guidance for the second quarter of 2020 and key drivers thereof, the impact of investments on top
line growth and certain impacts that the COVID-19 pandemic may have on our business strategy,
operating results, key metrics, financial conditions, profitability and cash flows and changes in overall
level of consumer spending and volatility in the global economy and the impact of ongoing settlement of
intercompany balances on future foreign exchange rate volatility.

Our results -- actual results may differ materially. Forward-looking statements involve risks and
uncertainties, which are described in our press release and our 10-K filed with the SEC on February 27 and
subsequent reports that we file with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call
are based on our beliefs and assumptions today, and we don't have any obligation to update them.

Also during the call, we'll present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of non-
GAAP to GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release, which you can find on our IR
website, along with the replay of this call. With that, I'll turn it over to Josh.

Joshua G. Silverman
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Deb, and hello, everyone. And let me start by saying that our hearts go out to everyone that's
been touched by the COVID crisis. And it's in this crisis that we're reminded ever more of the mission and
the purpose of Etsy and how important we are in the lives of our sellers, our buyers and our team. And I
hope you'll see in the course of this call that we take that responsibility really seriously and we are acting
with urgency. And in this moment, I think it's also demonstrating the resiliency and the agility of the Etsy
model to rise to this crisis. We stood up a COVID crisis task force in January. We tested work from home in
February so that we were as prepared as we could be to be continuing and productive in an entirely work-
from-home environment. And I'm pleased to say that so far, we've seen productivity hold up really quite
well. And you'll see on the slide, in fact, software releases are up 20% year-over-year in the first quarter
in spite of all the changes. And that's really a testament to the hard work that the team has undertaken
and the seriousness and the urgency that they take their work. And it's not with real personal stress on
them. So I do want to take a moment to thank the team for all of their hard work.

And with that, let's dive in. So I know we're all very anxious to discuss the trends we were seeing in April
and our thoughts for the future. And I want to spend the bulk of my time talking about that. But because
this is our first quarter earnings call, let's hit the headlines very quickly. We delivered $1.4 billion in
consolidated gross merchandise sales in the first quarter, 32% year-over-year growth. Etsy's stand-alone
delivered 16% year-over-year growth in GMS. Revenue was about $228 million, and adjusted EBITDA was
about $55 million. And Rachel is going to go into more detail about the first quarter and take you through
that in a disciplined way. So I'll just hit those headlines and now move on to April.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ETSY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

April was an extraordinary month. And I mean it in the sense of extraordinary very, very big and
extraordinary very unusual. And there were 2 separate things happening in April. First was the effect of
the sale of fabric face masks, and Etsy sold about $133 million worth of fabric face masks in the month of
April. Separate and in addition to that, the core Etsy marketplace grew very, very robustly in April, 79%
year-over-year growth. In early April, the CDC changed its guidelines to recommend that Americans wear
fabric face masks. And we saw a tremendous surge of demand for fabric face masks right away on our
site. In fact, it was like waking up and discovering that it was Cyber Monday, except that everyone in the
world wanted just one product, and that one product was in extremely limited supply. And so we needed
to respond extremely quickly to that new reality. And there were a set of things that we had to do.

The first was really within hours to change our search results so that when you search for fabric face
masks, you actually saw masks. Previously, when someone would search for m asks, they would be
thinking about Halloween masks or maybe cream for their face. So the search engine needed to be
retrained literally within hours to respond to that. And thanks to our Google Cloud implementation, we've
been able to respond much more quickly and having very relevant results very early on, it was a big part
of what earned us good rankings on Google SEO, which has been incredibly important for the future. But
in meeting that demand, we then all of a sudden had a lack of supply. And so we put out a call to our
sellers and were able to get thousands of sellers to begin making masks within a matter of days. In fact,
at this point, there's over 60,000 sellers making masks and selling masks on Etsy.

But not only do we need to recruit sellers to make masks, we needed to make sure that we could
understand what their delivery times were so that we could manage customer expectations around
delivery. We needed to distribute demand so that it wasn't too concentrated in just a few sellers and on
and on. This effort touched almost every single team at Etsy. It was truly an all-hands-on-deck. We sold
over 12 million face masks in the month of April alone. In fact, if face masks were a stand-alone category,
it would have been the second biggest category on Etsy in the month of April.

So as we look forward, obviously, our opportunity is to really work on deepening our engagement with
these buyers so that they understand that Etsy can do a lot more for them than just sell them fabric face
masks. So why am I going into so much detail about masks? It's not because I'm convinced that masks
are going to be an enduring category for months to come. They may not be. Nor are we convinced that
this new cohort of buyers is going to be with us for months and years to come in a highly active way.
We're going to work really hard to try to earn their loyalty, and we'll have to learn and see what their
behavior is over time.

The reason I wanted to tell this story is because I think it really highlights the dynamism of the Etsy
model and our Etsy sellers and how they're able to shift so rapidly to meet new demands. But April was
about so much more than just masks. In fact, nonmask sales on the Etsy core marketplace were up 79%
year-over-year. So the strength of Etsy's sales came really from 2 factors. The first was a groundswell of
demand across a set of categories, including home and living, craft supplies, self-care, toys and games
and gifting, combined with fewer alternatives in the marketplace, with many retail stores closed and e-
commerce players having shipping delays or sometimes supply chain disruptions.

And I think that this combination of both macro factors and the dynamism of the Etsy marketplace, Etsy
sellers and the Etsy team created an opportunity for Etsy to step in and fill the void in what we think could
be a really meaningful and enduring way. But it's our responsibility to step up and really communicate
to the world how we can fill those needs, how we can be there for them at a time when they might not
have often thought of Etsy. And so the marketing team has been really hard at work to develop and then
communicate that message to the market.

Starting with our brand strategy, we asked the team to come up with some brand pillars that would really
speak directly to this moment, but have real enduring value. And I think they did a great job with a brand
campaign that centered around 3 core messages to the buyer. First, Etsy sellers are open for business.
Second, Etsy is there with everyday essentials that you need. And third, when shopping on Etsy, you are
supporting small businesses. And when shopping on Etsy, you're supporting small businesses, that's a
message that might be familiar. That's been a core pillar of our messaging strategy for some time. But
the idea that Etsy is reliable and the idea that every -- that Etsy can meet everyday needs, those are

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ETSY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

messages that I think are maybe newer to many of our buyers, and we know that we can live up to those
commitments. And this is a moment of truth when we think Etsy can really do a great job of that and
maybe disrupt some people's understanding of Etsy in a really positive way.

Our message to our sellers has been singular, which is we have your back. And we think now more than
ever, it's important that we're communicating to them and taking actions that demonstrate that we have
their back. When we look at our merchandising strategy, we are able to take search query data and almost
in real time, within hours, iterate the kinds of merchandise that we're showing on our site to reflect what's
currently happening in consumer demand, which, as we all know, has been exceptionally dynamic at this
time. And the ability of the team to be super-responsive, we think, is a real strength of Etsy. All of this is
underpinned by some core evergreen messaging, like we have many items that are ready to ship, the fact
that when shopping on Etsy, you're supporting small businesses. And many of our sellers are running sales
right now and promotions that really speak to the economic realities that we're facing at this moment.

We then asked the team to develop a TV campaign to communicate that. And you'll remember that in
the April 2 call, we talked about how we pushed back our TV buys into May. So within days, again, the
TV -- the marketing team had to both create all new creative. By the way, without getting to bring any
new actors into the studio and shoot any new footage, they had to find a way to take existing footage and
cut that into entirely new TV campaigns and get on the phone with TV stations and others and negotiate
new ad buys. And by mid-April, we were live with all new creative, reflecting this new brand strategy in a
pretty loud and prominent way on TV. We are proud of this TV creative. We think it's not just the same as
every other TV campaign that's running right now. We think it is unique and stands out in a way that really
does speak to Etsy. So I'd like to take a second to show you the TV creative now.

[ Presentation ]

So we have millions of people shopping on Etsy now that might not have shopped with us before or might
not have shopped with us in this way before. Obviously, the task ahead is to deepen our engagement and
earn their loyalty over time. And that's the task for our CRM and loyalty team. And fortunately, we have an
entirely new set of tools that launched just in April that are going to make us much more capable of doing
that. And these are tools that allow us to create segments in a very rapid way and then push messages
specifically to each of those segments across any touch point we have, be it e-mail, app, on-site or any
other channel, even off-site ads and paid advertising, we can start to target the same segments with these
messages.

But I don't want anyone to think that we've only been doing COVID-related work. We laid out a strategy
that we've been executing on quarter-after-quarter that's centered around the 4 key pillars of our right
to win. And that has been a true and enduring strategy that mattered before, and it matters every bit
as much now. And our team is hard at work, continuing to deliver against each of these 4 pillars: search
and discovery, human connections, a trusted brand, all built on the foundation of our sellers' collection of
unique items.

And just to give a very quick highlight in each of these four, starting with search. In Q1, we launched a
deep learning model to close the semantic gap. And that can, for example, determine that the word dress
and the word gown are actually identical in meaning and use gown search results for dresses and dress
search results for gowns. And that's another meaningful step forward in the quality and relevance of our
search results, and it's just one of many examples of the great work that the search team is doing to
continue to push the frontiers and make our experience more relevant.

We've talked a lot about trust, and the trust team has been working very hard to gain more reviews and
get buyers to leave more and richer reviews. Speaking of our sellers' collection of unique items, our sellers
are so agile in responding to the demands of consumers, and this current environment highlights that now
more than ever. We're seeing so many great examples of sellers innovating to meet needs that didn't exist
even a month ago. A favorite example of mine is a pocket hug. This is a little trinket that you send to a
loved one to give them a virtual hug and let them know that you're thinking about them.

And last, but not least, I certainly want to mention the successful launch of off-site ads. It launched in
the first quarter, and we feel great about how it's going so far. And of course, Etsy Ads, which is formerly

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ETSY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

known as Promoted Listings, is also continuing to perform very, very well. And I also want to take a
quick minute to talk about Reverb. Reverb is benefiting from many of the same trends that Etsy see.
They're seeing a groundswell of first-time buyers coming to Reverb, many of whom might not have played
an instrument before and are coming to take up their first instrument. And at a time when many retail
operations are not open or even e-commerce musical instrument companies are having a harder time
shipping, Reverb is there. And so it's doing a great job rising to the challenge and meeting the needs of
both its existing buyers and many new buyers with a lot of innovative strategies. In particular, they did a
great job, I think, of innovating how to communicate that things are available and ready to ship right now
and also bringing some brands of manufacturers directly on the site and having those brands sell directly
to consumers in a way that's been very successful. As a result, Reverb's GMS in the month of April was up
over 50% year-over-year.

So let me close by acknowledging that these are very challenging times, the challenging times for many
of our sellers, the challenging times for many of our buyers. And these are challenging times personally
for many people on the Etsy team. And yet, we're really proud of the fact that our model allows us to be
really helpful to many of our sellers at a time when they need the income. We're really proud of the fact
that we're able to be really helpful to many buyers at a time when they have maybe fewer alternatives
and a lot of really important needs. And we're really -- I'm personally really proud of the Etsy team who
in spite of many personal stresses have risen to the challenge. They take the responsibility of serving this
community really seriously and are working really hard every single day to live up to that responsibility.

And with that, I'll turn it over to Rachel.

Rachel C. Glaser
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Josh, and hello, everyone. I hope you're all doing well and staying safe and comfortable during
this uncertain time. My commentary today will cover consolidated results as well as key drivers of
performance, which include Etsy stand-alone results where appropriate. You can find select details on
Reverb's contributions in our press release and soon to be filed 10-Q. Heads up, I'm going to be reading
my prepared remarks since there are quite a few numbers, and I want to make sure I get them all right.

We've got a lot to tell you about Q2 financial performance. But before I go there, Q1 was a very strong
quarter, and I want to walk you through those results first. Despite the headwinds to growth caused by
COVID-19, primarily during the month of March, we delivered a solid quarter. On a consolidated basis,
Etsy's first quarter GMS grew 32% to $1.4 billion. Revenue grew 35% to $228 million. And we delivered
adjusted EBITDA of nearly $55 million or margins of 24%.

As mentioned on our update call in early April, consolidated GMS growth during January and February
was very strong, trending at 41% for the quarter. Etsy's stand-alone GMS growth for the first quarter was
16%, reflecting a strong January and February with a significant deceleration in March compared to last
year and last quarter. Q1 revenue was driven by growth in both marketplace and services revenue as our
consolidated take rate expanded 60 basis points sequentially to 16.9%. We reported strong growth in
revenue related to advertising, which was up approximately 70% year-over-year.

Google Shopping contributed about $11 million to advertising revenue for the quarter. As a reminder,
in the first quarter, we are accounting for our old Etsy Ads model, which recorded the Google Shopping
product as revenue with 0 margin, as it carried an equal offset in cost of revenue. As planned, during
the quarter, we transitioned the Etsy Ads product, separating offsite ads to a stand-alone product and
introducing a transaction fee on every product listing ad that resulted in the successful sale for our
sellers. This new product was ramped during the second half of March and into early April. Sellers have
now had the chance to see the advertising of their product listing ads in action. We began billing for
this product on May 4, having waived the first month of fees for sellers during the turbulence of the
COVID-19 environment. Waiving the first month of fees is part of a basket of initiatives we implemented to
provide some relief to our seller community. I'll touch on the financial impact of that whole basket in a few
minutes.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ETSY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Reminder, going forward, Etsy Ads is now our name for Promoted Listings, an Etsy advertising product. In
Q1, we tested our PLA channel, which had been excluded from the incrementality testing we did in 2019.
This had the effect of reducing our performance marketing spend in the quarter.

Q1 marketing expense was $49 million or 21% of revenue, which was flat compared to Q1 2019. Of that,
performance marketing for the Etsy marketplace was $26 million and delivered 16% of overall GMS.
Despite the deceleration in GMS we described in March and the consolidation of Reverb into our financials,
our Q1 adjusted EBITDA margins expanded 400 basis points sequentially. Our cost structure is highly
variable to revenue, and we've continued to take measures to optimize and scale our business. I'll talk
more about operating expenses and the variability of our cost base in more detail shortly.

Net income in the first quarter was $12.5 million with diluted earnings per share of $0.10. Net income was
primarily impacted by noncash foreign exchange losses of $9.3 million or $0.08 loss per share. Foreign
exchange fluctuations on our P&L are primarily related to intercompany activity between our U.S. and
foreign entities. The ongoing settlement of these balances, which we did in Q1, reduces future foreign
exchange volatility on our P&L.

Key operating metrics for the Etsy marketplace were relatively stable during the first quarter. We
maintained our momentum in driving frequency on the platform. Etsy's GMS per active buyer on a trailing
12-month basis grew 4% year-over-year, and on a 2-year stacked basis, increased 6%, flat compared to
last quarter. On a consolidated basis, in Q1, active buyers grew 16% to 48 million, and active sellers grew
26% to over 2.8 million. Percent international GMS was approximately 36% of total GMS, up 27% year-
over-year on a constant currency basis.

Now turning to April. As Josh said, April has been an extraordinary month, and I'm going to dimensionalize
that for you. During the month, we saw a marked increase in the demand for face masks and other self-
care products. And this had a significant impact on GMS growth and on our Q2 financials. Etsy's stand-
alone GMS for the month of April was over 100%, resulting in $780 million of GMS. Of that, masks were
17% of Etsy's stand-alone GMS for the month. We're also seeing demand for masks drive engagement
with new buyers and buyers that have not purchased for a year or more. During the month of April, we
acquired nearly 4 million new buyers, which was up 160% year-over-year. 22% of masks-related GMS was
from new buyers. Year-over-year growth in overall GMS from new buyers accelerated from 5% in Q1 to
over 130% in April.

We've also reengaged 2.5 million buyers that have not purchased for a year or more, an increase of 186%
year-over-year, for all 32% of buyers who purchased a face mask returned within 14 days to make an
additional purchase. And the majority came through Etsy's direct channels, which is free. As shown on
Slide 29, our new and older cohorts saw an inflection higher in April. We've shown you our cohorts before,
and historically, they've been stable and predictable. But we're now experiencing a disruptive change to
the positive. This is a brand new cohort acquired during an extraordinary time, and we don't have any
basis to believe they will perform similarly to our existing cohorts. With that said, they could provide a
tailwind to future growth. This is an unprecedented time for us, and we are unsure of when these trends
stabilize in the future.

In addition to masks, we're also seeing additional momentum in other categories. Excluding face mask-
related items, Etsy's stand-alone GMS growth was 79% during the month of April. Now of course, these
results are likely magnified by broader industry tailwinds, specifically a shift from offline to online.
According to external industry data, online retail sales for major marketplaces have risen dramatically in
April. On the supply side, new sellers that joined the platform in April accounted for 13% of mask-related
GMS.

Over the past 3 years, we've shifted one of the largest fixed expenditures to variable with our migration to
Google Cloud. Both Etsy and Reverb have highly variable cost structures. So in an environment where top
line growth contracts, a large portion of our expenses can dynamically adjust with growth.

In response to the rapidly changing macro environment, we took a thorough look at operating expenses
and implemented actions to reduce costs where it made sense, while simultaneously continuing to invest
for long-term growth and playing offense where we see the opportunity. We're currently seeing times

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ETSY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

of exceptional volatility, and we hope for the best, but we plan for the worst. We recognize that this is a
moment for Etsy where we are uniquely meeting the needs of millions of buyers and sellers. We want to
embrace that moment as a potential inflection point for consumer behavior and habits and invest into it.
We're being very careful about our fixed costs while leaning into variable investments that we think can
change the slope of the curve and engage these newer cohorts.

So how are we doing that? First, we've leaned into marketing more than we planned in Q2. Television
marketing is affording great placement at CPMs that are 20% to 30% lower than normal. With so many
people at home and more screen time being consumed than ever before, we believe increased investment
in brand marketing makes sense, as we are able to engage millions of new buyers and buyers who have
not purchased for a year or more for whom Etsy is top of mind right now.

Performance marketing is yielding higher ROIs with a lower cost per click. As we've mentioned before,
performance and marketing naturally flexes with demand. When demand is high, we spend more. In
addition, our offsite ads program will enable us to lean heavily into this channel. So if you take them both
together, we're talking to buyers at the top of the funnel, and we're catching them at the bottom.

Second, we also undertook a product prioritization exercise that doubled down in areas where we see
the highest potential. Some of these areas are more experimental in nature and have longer-term time
horizons to deliver expected returns, so they may not yield in-period returns. We expect work in this
area will enable us to drive progress in areas such as search and frequency that will be important to
drive growth over the longer term. We've also made significant onetime investments to help our seller
community during this difficult time. These total approximately $11 million to $13 million, the majority
of which will be incurred in Q2. These include waiving off-site ad fees until early May, deferring seller bill
payments for our months, increasing member support operations and providing listing credits for mask
sellers as well as listing and ad credits to some of our hardest hit sellers in categories like weddings and
party supplies.

We donated thousands of face masks to hospitals and have supported many of our small contracted
vendors by keeping them employed despite our own office closures. Overall, we have conviction in the
investments we're making and believe they will enable us to support our community and sustain growth
over time.

As of 3/31, we had almost $900 million of cash, cash equivalents and short- and long-term investments
in addition to a $200 million revolver that's currently undrawn. In the first weeks of Q1, we repurchased
543,000 shares at an average price of $46, a $25 million investment. We've now paused share
repurchases in light of the current macro environment. With minimal CapEx and marginal working capital
needs, we believe we can continue to convert a very high percentage of our adjusted EBITDA into free
cash flow.

Before I discuss guidance, let me provide some background about how we forecast our business. No easy
task, given all the uncertainty right now. We build up our own internal models and look at cohort data
to establish baseline trends and layer in the impact of our investments in marketing and product, which
drive incremental growth. In addition, we evaluate a lot of external economic data, closely monitoring
headwinds and tailwinds. And from there, we develop a range of scenarios that could play out.

It's been an incredibly dynamic couple of months. You'll recall that we told you that on a consolidated
basis, GMS was down more than 2% in the third week of March and then up over 100% in April. To give
you a bit more color on our recent performance, the Etsy marketplace delivered our highest ever month of
GMS as a public company in April. And the 2 highest days of GMS of all-time were Thursday and Friday of
last week. And so far, May performance remains consistent with what we saw in April.

There are a number of tailwinds that we believe contributed to our strong April, including, but of course
not limited to: increased sales in categories unique to this current environment such as face masks;
leveraging millions of new buyers and buyers who have not purchased for a year or more; the benefits of
attractive CPMs in many channels, enabling us to spend deeper; widespread shifts from offline to online
commerce, so many fewer places to shop; dislocations in the competitive landscape, some of which may
be only temporary; and government relief packages, including stimulus checks. So there's things that

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ETSY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

we know, and there's things that we don't know. For instance, we continue to monitor the possibility of
very real headwinds, which we haven't experienced yet such as a potentially deep and broad economic
downturn, mounting job losses, small business closures, fragile consumer confidence and many other
macro factors.

Our best view today is that the recent surge in demand is likely to ease. The GMS strength in April will
support strong top line growth for the quarter. Because of the uncertainty, we're going to provide guidance
for Q2, but we're not able to provide guidance for the full year. We currently estimate consolidated GMS
for Q2 in the range of $2 billion to $2.2 billion, which is up 80% to 100% compared to Q2 of last year.

Revenue of $310 million to $340 million, up 70% to 90%. And adjusted EBITDA of $75 million to $90
million, with a margin in the range of 23% to 27%. This implies a deceleration in growth rates for each
of May and June, but a strong quarter overall. Our own internal model assumes that retail begins to
reopen, creating more choice for consumers and then economic hardship mounts during this time. The
combination of the 2 could potentially lead to meaningful deceleration both in this quarter and as we go
through the year.

A couple of thoughts for your model. We would encourage you to think about the headwinds and tailwinds
we discussed and their implications on growth in the back half of the year. Off-site ads revenue will
reflect a partial quarter beginning in early May, given the free trial period. As we transition from our prior
model, you can expect gross margin to benefit from the marketing offset shifting from cost of revenue
to marketing expense. Our Q2 take rate will contract temporarily a bit, given the delayed fee charges for
offsite ads and the impact of the large increase in GMS without a corresponding increase in certain seller
services.

As we mentioned last quarter, Q2 marketing spend will increase significantly on a sequential basis due to
our transition to off-site ads and now also with our incremental investment in TV. Of the $11 million to
$13 million in costs to support our seller community, approximately $1 million were incurred in Q1 and the
balance in Q2. These costs are nonrecurring and at the midpoint of guidance represent approximately 300
basis points of adjusted EBITDA margin for the second quarter. Also, keep in mind that we'll be lapping the
Reverb acquisition in Q3 2020, reflecting a partial quarter.
Based on our Q1 performance and Q2 guidance, we believe that we are extremely well situated to execute
on our strategy in this environment, with a marketplace model that allows us to scale our investments and
respond to changing conditions very rapidly. We have a disciplined investment approach and an agile team
who are rising to the challenge of our current environment and executing superbly. Deb is going to now
moderate our live Q&A session. Thank you.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ETSY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Question and Answer

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations

Hi, everyone. Hope you're all doing well. I'll start with a question we received from Kunal Madhukar at
Deutsche Bank. As you think about marketing spend in Q2, what is your strategy with regard to brand
versus performance, search versus social versus TV and then off-site ads supported versus own spend?
That one, I think, for you, Josh.

Joshua G. Silverman
President, CEO & Director

Great. Okay. So as with all of our investments, we try to have a very disciplined framework around how
we make those investments. And so let me start with performance marketing, because performance
marketing is really a natural shock absorber that rises and falls with consumer demand. So we've talked
a lot about our ROI thresholds, and we're very disciplined at looking at the next dollar spend and whether
we think the next dollar spent is going to deliver a good return. And for all of our performance marketing
budgets, that continues now just as it did before the crisis. And that would include both our Google
performance marketing spend as well as performance marketing spends that we have on Facebook and a
couple of other places. And in terms of the question about off-site advertising, what gets billed back to the
seller versus the part that is Etsy funded, overall, there is still a subsidy in performance marketing where
Etsy is paying a portion of the performance marketing budget, and that comes in a number of different
ways. If someone goes to Google and they see a search result for Etsy and they click through, they may
not buy from that particular store, they may buy from a different store. So in that case, neither of the
sellers gets charged. Neither the seller whose ad was shown on Google nor the place that the purchase
was eventually made. Neither of those sellers gets billed for off-site advertising. That's something that
Etsy funds. So there may be times where the cost of advertising and an offsite -- from an offsite ad is
higher than what the seller pays. And again, that would be something that Etsy subsidizes. But again, we
think that, that's a great partnership with our sellers, because the seller is selling a product and gaining a
new customer, which is great for the seller. But Etsy is also gaining a new customer, and that's great for
Etsy. So the performance marketing spend will vary naturally with demand, and the portion that is seller
funded versus Etsy funded will vary a bit as well. But I would say we expect it to be broadly consistent
with the kinds of guidance that we gave before the crisis in terms of the off-site ad versus Etsy-funded
portion of it. I do think the performance marketing spend is elevated right now, because demand is
elevated.

Now let's talk about the brand, the mid- and upper-funnel advertising. There, the way we look at it is we
look at reach and frequency. So we look at GRP points against the audiences that we really want to target.
And we think what is a GRP, a region frequency number that's high enough to really be above the noise.
And we're -- we think that this is a really great moment for Etsy to be communicating above the line.
Millions of people may be trying Etsy for the first time are trying Etsy for things that they hadn't realized
that they could turn to Etsy for, and they're having a great experience. But rather than just having them
land on the site and buy something, we want the opportunity to really tell our story to create an emotional
connection, to help them understand the connection that they have with the seller. And the opportunity to
do that on TV is really special. And you saw the creative lean into that in a way that you haven't seen our
creative do before. We're really telling our story from our sellers' point of view. And so we are looking at
reach and frequency that's meaningful and dimensionalize that for you, similar to the kinds of reach and
frequency that we will be doing in the fourth quarter, during peak holiday periods. And again, given the
kinds of traffic that we've been seeing, we think that, that kind of spend is appropriate.

The other place we're spending in what I would consider mid-funnel is video on social channels. And
the opportunity there -- again, we're going to think about that in terms of reach and frequency. We
have a better opportunity to maybe test that over time even than we do with TV. And we can rapidly
iterate new creative and test new creative in front of these audiences, which is also really helpful for us
as we think about how our message is resonating and how to tell very targeted messages to different

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ETSY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

audiences. So broadly speaking, that's how we're thinking about our investment framework. And I'll just
close that question by saying, I think that this is a really fantastic time for Etsy to be leaning in to these
investments. But these are variable spend. So if conditions should change significantly, it's quite easy for
us to pull back this investment level if we think it's appropriate at that time.

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations

Okay, great. Thanks, Josh. Next one is from Shweta Khajuria from RBC. I understand that you aren't
guiding to the full year. But can you please talk about the general philosophy strategy of how you plan
to manage costs this year with respect to top line growth? And what are some of the places you plan to
continue to lean into and where will you be seeing cost savings? Will there be more areas to pull back on
costs? You talked about the 3 scenarios during your inter-quarter COVID update. Do those scenarios still
stand?

Joshua G. Silverman
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Shweta. Maybe I'll start, and then Rachel can fill in the gaps. Yes. I mean in the April 2 call, we
talked about how we took some pretty fast action to look at our operating costs. And we're always -- I
guess I'd start by saying that we've always been very disciplined about our cost structure. And if you go
back and you look at our earnings call from the prior quarter, we pointed out that we have some of the
highest revenue per head count of anyone in our peer group. And so we entered this crisis with already
quite a lot of fiscal discipline. And we are continuously looking at how we can get better and how we can
make sure that every dollar is going to its best and highest purpose. Minimizing waste is one of our core
values as a company. We also said that we're not going to take short-term -- actions about our investment
levels based just on short-term trends. And oh boy, am I glad that we did not overreact to the events in
the third week of March. Because we were very, very busy in April, rising to the challenge, and I think the
team did a fantastic job doing that. And the fact that we were continuing to invest appropriately meant
that we had the resources and the capacity to step in when we were needed in the month of April. So
Rachel said in her prepared remarks, we're going to hope for the best, but plan for the worst. And what
do we mean by that? We mean that we're going to continue to have a lot of discipline around our fixed
cost. We're going to be taking a very careful eye on our fixed cost, because we just -- it's hard to predict
what the future will hold. But in terms of variable investments, we are leaning into variable investments
right now that we think are going to have a good payback, because we think this could be an inflection
point for Etsy in a really positive way. And we want to make sure we really embrace that and take full
advantage. The last thing I would say is just in our product road map, it -- we put a lot of thought into
our product road map coming into this year. And we think we're working on a lot of really high-value
projects that align very clearly with those 4 pillars of our right to win. If we got today and said we've
thrown everything out the window and started over, that would be strange. And in fact, that's not at all
what we've done. The vast majority of work that was underway as we entered 2020 continues, because
we continue to think it's really important work. At the same time, if we said that we haven't changed a
thing as a result of the current crisis, that would also be strange. And in fact, there are things that we
need to do in 2 directions. So we took a look at what are things that really speak to the moment now and
that have a lot of urgency, both important and urgent, and we have made some pivots in our product
team to go and respond to those things. And I'm proud of the way that the team has responded. We've
also looked and said, hey, this is a moment when we actually have the opportunity to do some investing in
some fundamental platform pieces of our business that are going to make us much stronger for the future
that might have slightly longer time horizons. And one example I would give of that is within search, the
quality of all of our data pipelines. Are we capturing the right data? Are the data clean? Are they in usable
formats? How can we give the teams the right tools to use those data? And there's an opportunity for
Etsy to get much stronger there, which is going to result in much better search and recommendations.
And we're taking that opportunity right now, and we are investing deeper there. And that's not something
that I would expect to have a payback in the next 3 or 4 months. But I think it's going to make Etsy much
better for the medium term and the long term, and we are embracing that opportunity right now.

Rachel C. Glaser

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ETSY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Chief Financial Officer

If I can -- yes. If I can, I'll jump in with a few additional notes, specifically around margins. So I just want
people to remember that we've now consolidated Reverb into our financials, which creates a lot more
revenue on the top line with potentially 0 margin for now. We have said in the past that we expect them
to be breaking even and positive as we exit the year. In the first quarter, we accounted for Etsy ads with a
-- as a cost of revenue -- sorry, as revenue with 0 margin. So that's also dragging down Q1 margins now
that we'll shift as we get into Q2 and beyond. We also spent pretty heavily in Q1 this year on television,
brand marketing, which we didn't spend in Q1 of prior year. And we're -- as Josh talked about, we're
leaning into that in the second quarter. So we'll continue to spend on television advertising. And the last
thing I would remind you as it relates to margin is that we're capitalizing less above product development
labor this year than we were last year. So a lot more of our product development team has expensed
through our P&L. So those are the -- I know your question was specifically about cost reduction, and we've
been judicious where we can, but also keep in mind those other puts and takes that impact our bottom
line.

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations

Great. Thanks, Rachel. The next one I'm going to give you is from Darren Aftahi at Roth. You said masks
would have been the #2 category in April if it was its own category. So what was #1?

Joshua G. Silverman
President, CEO & Director

So #1, as historically often been the case, was home and living. So everything around nesting right now
to get your home more comfortable was our top category. And I think that, again, speaks to the enormous
opportunity for Etsy, the TAM of Etsy, that home and living is only one of our categories. It's a very large
category in the world, and it's a very large category on Etsy. It's our #1 category right now. And in a
moment like this, a lot of people are thinking about how can they make their home more cozy, how can
they get a home office setup. And Etsy is there for them and can do that in a way that no one else can
really do. But it's still only one of many categories, other categories that were really robust this quarter
included things like craft supplies, toys and games, gardening, self-care, so many different categories on
Etsy that are really relevant. Gifting is a really big deal in this moment. So many categories that are really
relevant right now. And the challenge for us historically has been getting people to think of Etsy for those
particular products. And suddenly, we have the opportunity to do that in a bigger way than we've had
before. And what I know is our sellers are doing a great job delivering and delighting those customers.
And so that makes me optimistic for the future.

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations

Okay. Great. Next one comes from Laura Champine from Loop. In Q2, should services revenue grow faster
or slower than GMS? And what are the drivers?

Joshua G. Silverman
President, CEO & Director

So I would expect services revenue to grow slightly slower in Q2 than GMS for what is a kind of a unique
reason to this moment. So GMS is obviously growing really, really nicely on the Etsy marketplace. And of
course, GMS is a fact -- is a function of 3 things: visits, conversion rate and AOV. And right now, we're
seeing visits grow really rapidly, and we're seeing conversion rate improve over its historical averages.
Obviously, then AOV is the third factor. AOV is slightly down from its historical averages. But we very
rarely see visits grow very rapidly and conversion rate improve at the same time significantly. So that's
very positive for Etsy. What we now call Etsy Ads, what we used to call Promoted Listings, is really driven
by views. So if visits are growing slightly slower than GMV, then it means that we may see Etsy Ads grow
slightly slower actually than GMS overall. And I want to emphasize that we think Etsy has been doing
great. It's on a great trajectory. But again, if visits is growing slightly slower than overall GMS, then we
may see Etsy Ads grow a little slower than GMS in the second quarter in particular.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ETSY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Rachel C. Glaser
Chief Financial Officer

May I add one thing to that, to Josh's response, which is also just to point out that in the first part of
April, when we were seeing the surge in mask sales, we took the Etsy Ads, formerly known as Promoted
Listings, off of the mask listing pages. It's now back on, but for a portion of the month of April, there were
no Promoted Listings there.

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations

Okay. Great. We have a couple of questions that are guidance related. I'm going to go with this one from
John Colantuoni, I hope I said that right, John, from Jefferies. Q2 GMS guidance implies a high level of
growth in May and June. Can you talk about some of the key assumptions in your internal model that get
you to the full quarter forecast?

Joshua G. Silverman
President, CEO & Director

I'm happy to start. And I would start by emphasizing what Rachel said before, which is that it's really
hard to forecast right now. And we had a lot of conversations about whether to give guidance or not. And
we know there's been a broad range of people giving guidance, not giving guidance. We wanted to be
as transparent with you as we can. We always try to be as transparent as we can and as helpful as we
can without overpromising. And so what we gave you is a very broad range. If you think about the fact
that there's only 2 months left in the quarter and we're giving you a 20-point of range, it's a pretty broad
range. And I think that just speaks to the time. And so there's a set of tailwinds, and we are currently
benefiting very materially from those tailwinds, things like a rise in demand and fewer alternatives, Etsy
sellers being able to rapidly pivot to produce in-demand products and not just masks. There are lots of
other things that are currently in demand. The fact that we're not reliant on logistics -- central logistic
fulfillment warehouses like others. There's also a set of headwinds that we anticipate. So it's a very tough
economic background. And we -- our hearts go out to everyone who's lost their job or is feeling economic
insecurity. And we think that, that could well get much more real in the months to come. But we haven't
seen that headwind show up much yet. We expect that retail will reopen. We hope for everyone saying
that the economy gets back on its feet sooner rather than later. And so it's very hard to model when
we will start to feel those headwinds and at what pace we will start to feel those headwinds and how
the continued tailwinds might counteract them or not. So we did the best within our guidance range to
anticipate those trends. I don't know, Rachel, if there's more you want to say there.

Rachel C. Glaser
Chief Financial Officer

I -- yes, I would only just point out a couple of things. First of all, we gave you the first couple of days
of May. Don't get too attached to that, because we're not planning to update you daily. But -- so we've
seen some trends holding. And we told you that we expect May -- the numbers -- you could back into the
numbers we've given you assume multi-seller rate in May. We said we thought we'd accelerate in May
and to follow that turn lines through to the end of the quarter, accelerating again in June. And lastly, don't
forget, we're giving you consolidated guidance. So Reverb is performing strongly. We've given you, I think,
some information there that will help you understand the 2 respective marketplaces that we revert as
a smaller percentage of our total and Etsys' deceleration, obviously, have a higher weight into the total
guidance we gave for the quarter.

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations

The next one is from Nick Jones at Citi. Though it is still early days in this crisis, what are you learning
about your habitual buyers, your active buyers and your occasional buyers? Are you seeing early trends
that each of these groups are growing?

Joshua G. Silverman

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ETSY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean to break it down, starting with our habitual buyers, and we love our habitual buyers. You will
see that the number of habitual buyers grew again. But because they're already habitual, they already
know so much about what Etsy can offer, and they're already coming to us frequently. And so we have
seen frequency in that group improve, which is great. But they're kind of the folks that have figured out
the secret sauce of Etsy. The big opportunity in this moment is there's a lot of people who maybe have
never shopped on Etsy before or who have shopped only very occasionally on Etsy. They might think
of us only for one very specific product category. And now they're thinking about us, and now they're
coming for other product categories. And that's a moment. And so we're excited about the opportunity
that we are seeing frequency gains in the lapsed buyers and the occasional buyers. We're also encouraged
by -- it's very early days, but this brand new cohort from April, we gave you some data in our prepared
remarks that the frequency of this brand new cohort looks very healthy as well. So the task ahead now is
to do a great job engaging them so that we continue to earn their loyalty in the future. And we're really
excited about the new tools that we have that allow us to really be able to identify different segments
and communicate to those different segments in a very personalized way, in a really dynamic way, really
quickly. And we're really focused on that and investing in that.

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations

Okay. Next one is from Maria Ripps, the Canaccord.

When you think about your Q2 guidance, can you talk about the relative contribution from new customers
versus engagement from existing customers? It seems like with this much visibility, you must be seeing a
lot of activity from your existing customers. But can you just talk about it a little bit more?

Joshua G. Silverman
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I guess I'd start, and Rachel, feel free to pile on, of course. But first, I'd say that we define new
customer at Etsy as new ever. And many other people -- everyone uses different definitions, but a lot of
people have a definition of new that means they haven't been around in a while. And when we say new,
we mean we're not aware of having seen that buyer before at least using that ID. And so we are seeing
very strong growth in brand new buyers, and we're excited by that. And in 2020, we have to remind
ourselves, there's still a lot of people that just don't shop online much. And there's a lot of people that
have never shopped on Etsy. And so some of those people are showing up now and shopping on Etsy, and
that's really exciting. So new buyer growth is very strong right now. And I'm excited about the fact that I
feel like we're really well prepared. The hard work that we've done over the past few years to make search
much better, to make the shipping experience feel really good, to build trust. These are people that are
coming on to Etsy for the first time, and they're finding a marketplace that we're proud of, that we think is
well organized and a trusted marketplace where sellers do such a great job delighting them. But as we've
talked about before, there's a very large number of infrequent buyers. They've bought on Etsy before.
They had a great experience. They think of us in -- fondly, but they just don't think of us very often. They
don't know when to think of us. And suddenly, we're more front of mind. And we're one of the smaller
set of places that is open for business and shipping a lot of different products they might want. So we're
definitely seeing improvements with the occasional buyers or the lapsed buyers, people who just haven't
been on the site for more than a year. And then, of course, we are also seeing frequency improvements
with people who already shop and shop frequently. It's just that the delta with that community is not as
high, because they started from a higher point already. I don't know, Rachel, if there's anything else you'd
want to...

Rachel C. Glaser
Chief Financial Officer

I mean just to -- I mean, I'm probably just being redundant, but I just want to point out this. By the
definition, most other companies use for new buyers and buyers that have not been to the site for 366
days or more. To add those 2 groups together, then we reactivated. We had 6.5 million new buyers in

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

ETSY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

the month of April. And really, about half of our -- that's about half of the April buyers. So that cohort,
the new and reactivated is a material portion of our growth, and they are the ones that are really the
opportunity for us to capture and be top of mind for as we lean into marketing and other things.

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations

Okay. Next one is from Naved Khan at SunTrust. What kind of uplift do you think you may be seeing from
the lift in spend -- consumer spend due to government support stimulus?

Joshua G. Silverman
President, CEO & Director

Yes. We have been looking at that as well. And again, it's hard to parse out, because it's all fairly recent.
But what I would say right now is that the growth, and we gave you pretty specific data on how April and
early May have been trending. So you can kind of see for yourself that it's probably true that the stimulus
checks were helpful. And we certainly think on behalf of the American people and the American economy
that they've been helpful. But we've continued to see sustained growth. So we feel good about that. Now
we anticipate that over time, that growth will decelerate, that -- the -- as we get past those stimulus
checks, as people's savings get more down a little bit that the economic hardships will get even more real
for people. But it's just hard for us to know all the puts and takes of that very precisely.

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations

Okay. Great. Next one is from Jason Helfstein at OpCo. Are you seeing better seller demand for your new
ad products and/or seller reengagement with those products? Any way to quantify that?

Joshua G. Silverman
President, CEO & Director

I'll start and then, Rachel, if you want to jump in. But we are very happy with -- so we basically had 2
seller ad products. We've got offsite ads and we've got Etsy Ads. So offsite ads is off to a great start.
We're very pleased with the launch. By the way, we think the team did a really nice job getting that
product launched. And just to take a second on offsite ads too, I'm really pleased with how that team had
a real biased action. I think they also were ready to pivot when that made sense. And they came to a
new model actually. They launched version 1, and then they came to a version 2 that's even better. And
I think it's even more fit for these times. We couldn't have anticipated these times. But we do think that
this new version is even more appropriate for the current environment that we're in. And in addition to
having the right strategy and being willing to pivot, they executed really nicely on both the technology,
which is complicated, and the messaging to sellers. And so we're pleased with how the launch has gone.
We are pleased with what we're hearing by and large from the community. And the early metrics are very
encouraging on off-site ads. It's very early days. It's very early days. But the metrics are encouraging
around things like opt-out rates and seller churn, we're very encouraged by what we see there. And on
Etsy Ads, what used to be called Promoted Listings, we continue to see that be a very popular product.
And so our sellers like it. They're investing in it. And it delivers really good value for them. So we're also
pleased with what we're seeing on Etsy Ads.

Rachel C. Glaser
Chief Financial Officer

And if I may, I'd just add a couple of other notes. So because we were -- the product was live for a month
before we started billing and one of the -- so one of that was -- that was part of the seller relief basket
that I talked about, but it was also designed so that sellers could actually see and start to calculate how
this product was performing for them economically. They could actually start to see sales that they had
made and on their bill, say, a fee and a then waived -- a strike through. So they were seeing what would
I have paid and what sales would I have gotten, what I not have gotten had they not had the opportunity
to be listed in backlog existing ads. And so we've been collecting feedback for several weeks now on
whether they like the product and whether they feel that it's performing well. So we've been very pleased

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

ETSY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

with what we've read. It doesn't mean that everybody loves it. We certainly get our share of issues and
considerations being raised. But what we see now since we've had the billing live for several days is that
everything is performing exactly as we expected. As Josh said, it's very, very early days, but nothing is out
of line with how we have modeled the product to perform as we...

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations

Great. Okay. Thank you. We went over time here a little bit. I'm going to squeeze in one more high-level
question to end it and anybody else whose questions got stuck in the queue, we'll make sure we get back
to you. This one is for Josh from Tom Forte at D.A. Davidson. As a long time industry participant, what
are your thoughts on e-commerce mix coming out of the coronavirus outbreak? For example, the home
category online mix today is about 40% versus 20% last year. How much does the increased mix hold
near term as physical stores reopen?

Joshua G. Silverman
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean I think that this is going to be an inflection point for e-commerce. And I think that, that
inflection point is going to be meaningful and lasting. As much as many of us are really native to online
and have been shopping online for years and shopped online for many, if not most, of our purchases,
there's still a very large segment of the economy that shops offline. And I think this is a moment when
a lot of people are suddenly turning online and discovering that it's really convenient and it works really
well for them. And I think that, that could create some very lasting behavior changes. And I think that
in that world, people aren't going to want to remember 5,000 or 10,000 or 50,000 brands. And I don't
think they only want to shop in 1 or 2 places. So in a world where everyone is on Amazon every day
all the time, which is great, because Amazon meets a lot of needs a lot of the time. They're going to
want an alternative to Amazon. And I think Etsy is super well positioned to be one of the few meaningful
alternatives that stands for something truly different than what you get at Amazon, but can meet a wide
range of your needs. And this is a moment when we're actually getting to demonstrate that to people.
And we're embracing that moment, and we're investing into that moment. And most importantly, I think
our sellers are doing a fantastic job of rising. They're innovating on products that are really cool. They're
delivering delight, the hand-written notes, the personal touch that you're never going to get from almost
any other place. So I do think that this is a moment that's going to create lasting behavior change. And I
think that Etsy is going to be a winner in that over the medium term, in the long term. And I think that's
incredibly exciting most of all for our sellers and for buyers. And so it's a time when our team, as I said
in my prepared remarks, has a lot of stress in their lives, but they understand how important that this is
for all of our stakeholders. And so again, I guess, I'd like to close by saying how grateful I am to all the
people on the Etsy team that are really pulling out all the stops to try to do everything they can to support
the community. It means a lot, and I'm really grateful for it.

Debra Wasser
Vice President of Investor Relations
Great. Thanks, Josh, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. We hope you stay safe, and we'll talk to you
soon. Thank you so much.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

ETSY, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

