Exelon Corporation NasdaqGS:EXC
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, May 05, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

(0.05)

(0.06)

Revenue  (mm)

8522.11

9890.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-29-2021 7:49 AM GMT

NM

16.05

0.61

2.81

3.01

6683.90

30587.60

30855.85

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.43

0.87

0.70

(0.05)

0.55

1.04

0.76

(0.06)

27.91 %

19.54 %

8.57 %

NM

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
EXELON CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Bryan Craig Hanson
Executive VP & Chief Generation
Officer

Calvin G. Butler
Senior Executive VP & CEO of
Exelon Utilities

Christopher Mark Crane
President, CEO & Director

Daniel L. Eggers
Senior Vice President of Corporate
Finance

Joseph Dominguez
Chief Executive Officer of ComEd

Joseph Nigro
Senior EVP & CFO

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Kathleen L. Barron
Executive Vice President of
Government & Regulatory Affairs &
Public Policy

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

ANALYSTS

James Macdonald Thalacker
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Michael Weinstein
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

EXELON CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Hello, and welcome to Exelon's First Quarter Earnings Call. My name is Amanda, and I'll be your event
specialist today. [Operator Instructions] Please note that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator
Instructions]

It is now my pleasure to turn today's program over to Dan Eggers, Senior Vice President of Corporate
Finance. The floor is yours.

Daniel L. Eggers
Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance

Thank you, Amanda. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our first quarter 2021 earnings
conference call. Leading the call today are Chris Crane, Exelon's President and Chief Executive Officer; and
Joe Nigro, Exelon's Chief Financial Officer. They're joined by other members of Exelon's management team
who will be available to answer your questions during our -- following our prepared remarks.

We issued our earnings release this morning along with the presentation, all of which can be found in the
Investor Relations section of Exelon's website.

The earnings release and other matters which we discuss during today's call contain forward-looking
statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ
from our forward-looking statements based on factors and assumptions discussed in today's material and
comments made during this call. Please refer to today's 8-K and Exelon's other SEC filings for discussions
of risk factors and other factors, including uncertainties surrounding the planned separation, that may
cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts and expectations.

Today's presentation also includes references to adjusted operating earnings and other non-GAAP
measures. Please refer to the information contained in the appendix of our presentation and our earnings
release for reconciliations between the non-GAAP measures and the nearest equivalent GAAP measures.

I'll now turn the call over to Chris Crane, Exelon's CEO.

Christopher Mark Crane
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Dan, and good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us. As you've seen from our earlier
releases and notifications, we had mixed results in the first quarter. We performed well across our
businesses outside of the challenges from 5 days in February due to the Texas weather event.

Overall, our first quarter GAAP loss was $0.30 per share and our non-GAAP loss was $0.06 per share.
Exelon Utilities performed well operationally and financially during the quarter, delivering $0.72 per share,
which is $0.11 better than the first quarter last year. At ExGen, we lost $0.58 per share overall, with the
February weather event costing $0.90 per share in the first quarter. The event was unprecedented. We
continue to investigate the multiple complex factors that led to our plant outages, and we are working with
ERCOT regulators and other stakeholders to ensure an event like this does not happen again.

As you saw in our 8-K last week, we updated our full year losses at $150 million due to the updated load
meter data in ERCOT default payments that differed from our original estimate. In addition, we reaffirmed
our full year guidance of $2.60 to $3 per share. We continue to work on mitigating this approximately $1
billion loss, and expect to offset the loss by $410 million to $490 million after taxes through a combination
of mostly onetime cost reductions and deferral of nonessential maintenance and revenue opportunities.
Joe is going to go in much more detail on that in his presentation.

Turning to the operations. Despite the extreme cold winters, and the winter storms, the pandemic
conditions, our utilities had a strong operational performance, delivering reliability, affordable electricity

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

EXELON CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

and gas for our consumers. All the utilities achieved first quartile operating performance in outage
duration and frequency, BGE, ComEd and PHI were in top decile in outage duration. Customer operations
metrics remained strong across the utilities. PECO and BGE's customer satisfaction levels were top decile.
ComEd was top quartile and PHI just missed top quartile, but improved year-over-year.

On the generation front, in the face of extreme temperatures, winter storms, our nuclear plants provided
37 terawatt hours of reliable, resilient and clean to the grid of the citizens of Illinois, Pennsylvania, New
York and Maryland. The fleet capacity factor of 95.3% was what we reached for the quarter.

The spring has been active -- switching to policy. The spring has been active on the policy front with
momentum building at both federal and state levels for policies that recognize the value of existing nuclear
and would put the country on a path to a net 0 future. Both ExGen and the Utilities are well positioned to
benefit from these policies and the transition to a clean energy economy.

On the federal level, the Biden administration has set out an ambitious goal to reduce greenhouse gas
emissions by 50% to 52% by 2030. Nuclear provides more than half of the carbon-free emission electricity
in the U.S., with Exelon plants providing 12% of all the carbon-free energy in the United States. The
administration is clear that preserving the existing nuclear fleet is key in meeting the goals that they have
set.

The administration's infrastructure proposal, the American Jobs Plan, would enact policies to help reach
the goal. It includes a clean electricity standard that would require 100% clean electricity by 2035, with
existing nuclear qualifying as clean; incentives to build 500,000 EV charging stations by 2030; and for
20 gigawatts of high-voltage transmission lines to be built to support the renewable build-out. We're
encouraged that the administration and members of Congress recognize the importance of preserving
the nuclear fleet to meet the country's clean energy and climate goals. The timing and the outcome of
the federal legislation is highly uncertain. And in any case, it will be too late to reverse the retirement
decisions for Byron and Dresden.

Our states are also advancing clean energy policies. In Illinois, 6 energy policy reform bills have been
introduced that would drive the transition to clean energy and address climate change. The legislative
leaders are meeting to craft a package from the various bills that can be considered this session. We're
encouraged by the expression of support that continued -- for the continued operation of the nuclear
plants.

However, the details really matter. A bill needs to pass before the end of the regular session, and it
needs to provide adequate support for continuing to invest in the Illinois fleet. Current market prices do
not continue to meet -- do not allow us to continue to meet our payroll, paying our property taxes and
covering other significant costs and risks of operating these assets. Without adequate policy, as I've stated
to you that we will retire uneconomic plants beginning this fall.

If you take a look at what happened in New Jersey last week, the Board concluded that the financial
challenges faced by nuclear plants there justified a maximum ZEC of $10 per megawatt hour. The same
voices that are arguing in Illinois that our plants are profitable were overruled in New Jersey's decision.
The commission in New Jersey emphasized that maintaining the existing nuclear plants was critical to
achieving the state's emission goals and -- significantly less costly than replacing nuclear with other 0 free
carbon generation.

This is true in Illinois. Keeping the nuclear plants running is better option for the customers than trying
to replace them with all renewables in storage. At 12x the cost, higher cost than preserving the nuclear
plants, it would cost the Illinois consumers over $80 billion more to achieve the same admissions. We've
been advocating for policy changes in Illinois for more than 2 years because I feel that we have a duty
to our customers to preserve every opportunity to correct flawed policies and keep these critical energy
resources running. But we're almost out of time, and we'll prematurely retire these assets in the fall if the
policy reforms are not passed in this session.

Turning to clean energy policy in Pennsylvania. The Senate is moving forward on a bill that would set a
state goal for transportation, electrification and authorized electric utilities to develop EV infrastructure

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

EXELON CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

and plans authorize a recovery for these investments. We support these federal and state policy efforts
and stand ready to enable this important transition to a clean energy future. Joe will talk about what our
utilities are doing currently on EVs.

Moving on to the separation update. Our team is working to get the separation done. We filed our
applications for regulatory approval at FERC, the NRC, New York Public Service Commission in February.
The NRC has indicated that our application is complete, and they expect to rule by November 30. In
New York, comments are due on May 24, and we requested that the commission rule no later than their
December 16 meeting. We're on track to get the necessary approvals so that we can close in the first
quarter of next year.

With that, I'll turn it over to Joe to go into the financial details.

Joseph Nigro
Senior EVP & CFO

Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone.

Today, I will cover our first quarter results, quarterly financial updates and our hedge disclosures.

Turning first to Slide 9. As Chris mentioned, we recorded a loss of $0.06 per share on a non-GAAP basis
for the first quarter, driven by the losses from the February weather event.

Our Utilities performed ahead of plan for the quarter, delivering a combined $0.72 per share this year,
which was $0.11 per share higher than the first quarter of 2020. This was primarily driven by strong
operational performance as well as the impacts of distribution rate cases.

ExGen reported a loss of $0.58 per share for the quarter. Excluding the 5-day weather event in February,
ExGen would have earned $0.32 per share as we had anticipated. However, specific to the weather event,
we occurred -- we incurred a loss in the first quarter of $0.90 per share. A portion of this loss is due
to some penalties or charges associated with our natural gas business, that we ultimately expect to be
reduced through waivers and/or recovered from customers later in this year.

As we disclosed in our 8-K last week, we estimate our full year loss from the weather event to be
approximately $900 million to $1.1 billion pretax or $670 million to $820 million after tax. We also
continue to expect to offset between $550 million and $650 million pretax or $410 million and $490 million
after tax for the full year 2021. These offsets will occur primarily at ExGen through a combination of
enhanced revenue opportunities, deferral of selected nonessential maintenance and primarily onetime cost
savings, and are mostly expected in the second half of this year.

Holdco recorded a loss of $0.20 per share for the quarter, which was a larger loss than is typical in the first
quarter and was driven by a tax adjustment required by GAAP to partially offset the tax benefit recorded
at ExGen due to the Texas losses. This amount will reverse over the next 3 quarters, and ultimately will
not have an impact on full year results.

As Chris stated, we are reaffirming our guidance range of $2.60 a share to $3 per share, and you can see
the details on Slide 16 in the appendix.

Moving on to Slide 10. Looking at our utility returns on a consolidated basis, our trailing 12-month ROE
as of the first quarter has improved to 8.9% from 8.7% last quarter. The 20 basis point increase was
primarily due to higher earnings across the operating companies in the first quarter. As a reminder, the
calculation is backward-looking. So you should continue to see some pressure on ROEs over the next
couple of quarters as we work off the impacts of COVID-19, low interest rates at ComEd and the 2020
storms. We do expect to be in our targeted range of 9% to 10% by year-end. And looking into the future,
we remain focused on delivering strong earned returns at the utilities in supporting our growth targets.

Turning to the next slide, 11. Since the last call, there were some important developments on the
regulatory front. First, on March 30, PECO filed an electric distribution case with the Pennsylvania Public
Utility Commission. PECO is seeking a revenue increase of $246 million for continued investments in
electric distribution infrastructure, which will make the local energy grid stronger and more resilient,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

EXELON CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

enhance service, and help the company deliver safe, reliable and clean energy for consumers. In addition,
the filing proposes customer relief offerings for eligible residential and small business customers, and we
expect an order in December of this year.

Second, ComEd filed its annual distribution formula rate update with the Illinois Commerce Commission
on April 16, seeking a $51 million increase to electric distribution base rates. This year's formula rate
update filing March ComEd's first request for a distribution rate increase in 4 years. The filing will support
investments to expand access to clean energy through private and community solar and support the
growing demand for electric vehicles. Additionally, we continue to make investments and make the power
grid more resilient to severe storms, such as those experienced in Northern Illinois last year. We expect to
receive an order by early December.

We also have several rate cases still in progress, including orders in multiyear plans for Pepco D.C. and
Pepco Maryland, which are expected in the second quarter. We continue to have constructive regulatory
relationships across our jurisdictions, and are working with our regulators, states and communities to
support their clean energy and climate goals. More details on our rate cases can be found on Slides 20
through 28 of the appendix.

Slide 12 provides one example of how Exelon Utilities are working with our regulators and states to make
investments that will address the climate crisis and help our customers. Our Utilities pay -- play a critical
role advancing electric vehicles in our communities. This includes both the installation of publicly available
charging stations and investment in the system to support this infrastructure. Exelon Utilities have been
leaders in this rapidly growing space by expanding charging infrastructure, offering rebates and incentives
and innovative rates, while electrifying public transportation to deliver convenient, affordable and equally
accessible clean transportation options.

Our clean electric transportation programs aim to support nearly 100,000 current electric vehicle drivers
across our service territories, aligned with state climate goals, and improve overall air quality for all our
customers and communities. To date, electric vehicle programs have been approved in Maryland, D.C.,
Delaware and New Jersey, with approval pending in Pennsylvania, as part of PECO's recent rate case filing.
ComEd also has several ongoing educational and outreach initiatives, and several of the bills Chris spoke
about would provide incentives for EV infrastructure.

The transportation sector currently represents about 1/3 of total U.S. greenhouse gas emissions. Urban
areas, like many of our service territories, are disproportionately affected by air pollution and the negative
effects of climate change. One way we aim to help address this is by advocating for and helping to usher
in cleaner, zero emission transportation, particularly in underserved communities. Our programs are
designed to reduce common barriers to electric vehicle adoption, including range anxiety, total cost of
vehicle ownership and lack of education and awareness among consumers. Cleaner vehicles on the road
help our cities and states meet their environmental goals, reduce their carbon footprint, bring cleaner air
to communities, and create economic opportunity through job creation and reduced energy costs.

Additionally, Exelon's Utilities are leading by example in setting an aggressive goal to electrify our fleet,
including both light and heavy-duty vehicles. We have committed to electrify 30% of our fleet by 2025
and 50% by 2030. Electrifying 50% of the fleet could avoid more than 65,000 metric tons of emissions
cumulatively from 2020 to 2030. That's the equivalent to the carbon removed by 1 million trees planted
and grown for 10 years.

On Slide 13, we provide a gross margin update. For 2021, total gross margin is down $150 million versus
the fourth quarter call, due to the increase in the estimated impact of the February weather event. The
midpoint of our current estimate of the gross margin impact from this event is $950 million. This number
is lower than the midpoint of our loss range of $1 billion because it does not include bad debt, which is
captured in O&M.

Excluding the impacts of the February weather event, gross margin is flat to last quarter. Open gross
margin is up $300 million relative to our prior disclosure, primarily due to higher prices in NiHub and West
Hub. Our mark-to-market of hedges were down $200 million due to our hedge position, offsetting the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

EXELON CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

increase in open gross margin partially offset by the execution of $100 million of power new business. We
also executed $50 million in non-power new business during the quarter.

Thank you. And I will now turn back the call to Chris for his closing remarks.

Christopher Mark Crane
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Joe. Turning to Slide 14. I'll close on our priorities and commitments. We will deliver or exceed
our financial commitments, delivering earnings within our guidance range and to maintain strong balance
sheet. We will complete preparations to separate the businesses, including the regulatory approvals.
At Exelon Utilities, we will prudently and effectively deploy nearly $6.6 billion of capital to benefit our
customers and help meet the needs of our states' energy policy goals. We'll work with our regulators to
ensure timely recovery on these investments. We'll continue to advocate for clean energy and climate
policies with the new administration, Congress and our states to put our country on the path to meeting
our carbon reduction goals. And we'll continue to partner with the support of our customers and our
communities that we serve.
So thank you all for joining us. And with that, we'll open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

EXELON CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I wanted to just get your latest thoughts on ERCOT and market design. We've certainly seen a lot of
activity. And you all gave some prepared remarks on that. But just curious, it strikes me it looks like it's a
little less likely that the state may go in the direction of sort of fixed resiliency or capacity light payments.
But just curious what you're sort of seeing and what direction you think we may take in terms of market
design.

Christopher Mark Crane
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Let me have Kathleen cover that.

Kathleen L. Barron
Executive Vice President of Government & Regulatory Affairs & Public Policy

Stephen, yes, I think there are a number of ideas under discussion in the legislature. And I guess I
wouldn't say that it's less likely that the state will ultimately choose to go down the path of setting
a reliability standard. That idea does have some support and is being discussed openly, as are other
changes, for example, to the ORDC curve to sort of lengthen it and lower the cap. And then there are
other ideas out there as well.

So I think there's active discussion in both the House and the Senate over whether and when the
legislature should act. There are some who think it should move forward and set some expectations and
let the PUCT work on a market design over the balance of the year, whereas others are thinking maybe
they'll wait and do it later in the year. So it's a little bit early to tell how those conversations are going to
land. But I think the concept of setting, as all the other markets do, a reliability standard and letting the
market operator design a market-based way to get there is still under active discussion.

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

That's really helpful. And then maybe going to PJM and FERC. We've seen a lot of activity around the
treatment of MOPR. And just curious there, as well your latest thinking on sort of where we may be
headed and kind of broader implications, given it looks like we may see a reversal.

Kathleen L. Barron
Executive Vice President of Government & Regulatory Affairs & Public Policy

Yes. There are sort of 2 avenues where that's being discussed. First, at the RTOs themselves. And as you
know, PJM has a stakeholder process to work through. How to reform MOPR, they have direction from
their Board that they should reform it. But the question is how, and they've laid out a proposal, and they'll
be taking comments and working towards the FERC filing in the summer to express their view of how it
should be reformed.

And then, ultimately, of course, it will be up to FERC. You have 2 commissioners who are open that they
think MOPR should be reformed. The other 3, less transparent in terms of how they would vote. So I think
there's certainly going to be an effort on PJM's part to make a change. And then the question will be how
the votes line up at the commission once that filing is made.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

EXELON CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

And your next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

So a couple of questions, I guess, focused on the nuclear. So first, in Illinois, I know there's been several
proposals. The most recent, I think, was from the governor, related also to the audit that he set up. Could
you give your views on whether that proposal would be sufficient to keep the Dresden and Byron open?

Christopher Mark Crane
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean all of you have written on the economics of the plants and the reality of what the bill is
starting at. I think it's -- from what we've heard, it's open negotiation. But just going from The Street
analyst opinion and what we've seen, its starting point is not adequate to keep the plants continued
operations going.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. And then just to be clear on Illinois, in the event that maybe they just can't get a build on this
session, and they try to go to the veto session. Obviously, you're targeting to shut the plants before then.
So can you just confirm clearly whether, if they just don't get something done this session, the plants will
shut, Dresden and Byron?

Christopher Mark Crane
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Sure. We've been real clear about that, but we're still optimistic. Most state or legislative bodies, the
work comes to an end towards the end of the session. There's a lot of stakeholders involved here. There's
a lot of voices that are inputting into it. And the legislature has a tough job of building a single bill out
of 6 suggested bills and making sure that they take care of their constituents as well as all of the other
stakeholders involved in the process. So we're not giving up. We're confident that we've got adequate
support within the administration and within the legislature, and we'll see how it goes.

That said, we have been clear for a couple of years. And it's just the reality, we cannot continue to run
uneconomic plants and challenge the balance sheets of the Genco or the Holdco. We've got commitments.
As I said earlier, we're going to make payroll. We've got to pay pensions. We've got to pay our bills. We
have to have an investment grade credit rating that we can access capital markets. And when you have
plants that are uneconomic and pulling you down, it's a tough decision, but it's one that we've made. And
we'll continue to be optimistic that we can work with the stakeholders and the legislative body and the
administration.

But short of getting something done, we'll have to start to proceed what we are already doing the planning
proceed for the shutdown. You can't order fuel. You can't do capital improvement. You can't do a lot of
stuff in the face of uncertainty, which causes you to spend hundreds of millions to billions of dollars on
plants that just aren't going to support themselves.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. One final question on nuclear. Just the -- there was a story, I think, in -- on Bloomberg
this morning, talking about a nuclear [ obscurity ] being discussed in the Biden -- with the Biden
administration and legislators. Could you talk about what you're hearing on that and whether we're seeing
momentum in that as part of the Biden infrastructure plan?

Kathleen L. Barron
Executive Vice President of Government & Regulatory Affairs & Public Policy

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

EXELON CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Steve, this is Kathleen. I can take that one. As Chris mentioned, the Biden proposal is for a clean energy
standard. That's inclusive of existing nuclear and is technology neutral. That is what their proposal is.
That's on the table. We saw the story this morning as well. But of course, their plan does not currently
include a PTC for existing nuclear nor has one been introduced in either chamber. So it's obviously helpful
that there is a growing focus on the fact that the existing nuclear fleet is integral to getting to any of
the carbon targets that have been set. And we welcome that sort of change in focus and a growing
understanding.

But the challenge remains that we're not yet even to the point where we know, is Congress going to move
forward on a bipartisan basis? Does a bill need to be drafted that would be consistent with reconciliation?
And the timing and the outcome is just far too uncertain for us to make any decisions here based on that.
Obviously, to the extent something happens in Congress, that's a long-term positive for the company. But
just one Reuters story is not enough to -- we have to make decisions based on current economics and
current policy.

Operator

And your next question comes from James Thalacker with BMO Capital Markets.

James Macdonald Thalacker
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

I just want to touch briefly on the governor's legislative proposal and I guess his proposal for an
application of an $8 a ton carbon mechanism. I know it's early. And as you -- but as you think about the
final market structure and a pretty clean generation stack in Illinois already, how do you see the pass-
through of this potential tax on power prices?

In New York, you've seen about a 35% -- 25% to 35% pass-through, but it's not clear to me how you can
sort of tax on the state supply from Wisconsin or Illinois. So where do you guys kind of see the potential
uplift in power prices in its early stages, understanding the final market structure is yet to be determined?

Christopher Mark Crane
President, CEO & Director

It's a difficult -- I'm going to let Kathleen get into the technical details. But it's difficult for a single state
that is an island surrounded by other states without the same policy not to have leakage coming in. So
as we pointed out, if we shut down those 4 reactors that we're talking about, they will be replaced by
leakage, the energy coming in. So we will go backwards in that area. How you monitor that and how you
tax on it is a very difficult thing in an island.

Kathleen, I don't know if you want to go into more technical.

Kathleen L. Barron
Executive Vice President of Government & Regulatory Affairs & Public Policy

I think you covered it. I mean, I think the issue is when you have a national carbon price, you would see a
high pass-through rate given the amount of fossil that's still in the stack. But when it's a single state, it's
just -- our estimates are that there would be a very small impact on carbon energy prices due to out-of-
state plants running more frequently.

James Macdonald Thalacker
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Okay. Great. And I just wanted to see if you could kind of give me a quick update on the outage at the
LaSalle plant and what's your outlook for the cost and the timing for its return.

Christopher Mark Crane
President, CEO & Director

Bryan Hanson, he's our COO of Generation. You want to cover that?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

EXELON CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Bryan Craig Hanson
Executive VP & Chief Generation Officer

Yes. Thanks, James. Yes, the LaSalle Unit 2 reactor was out of service for an extra 34 days when we found
through maintenance activities higher-than-expected deterioration of 2,000 reactor recirculation system.
And because of the size and location of these valves, we had to design and deploy special welding and
machining tools to make the necessary repairs which were required prior to returning that unit to service.

It involves several hundred people given the difficulty of that work. That unit has since been returned to
service. The cost was a significant impact for that particular plant. And these types of risks are the kinds
of things that we have to take into account when we are assessing the financial viability of each of those
plants. But that unit has been returned to service and ready for a summer run.

Operator

And your next question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim.

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Chris and Joe, have you had any conversations with the agencies kind of about the SpinCo since the
fallout we saw in Texas? Just trying to get a bit of a sense if this is more of a structural risk going forward
as we're thinking about sort of the general business model for the IPPs or just kind of an anomalistic
situation. I mean, especially as we're sort of thinking about the standalone ExGen entity and maintaining
IG ratings post spin. And obviously, we understand that the metrics are extremely healthy. But I'm just
kind of curious how they're thinking about the business -- maybe a little bit more qualitative factors post
the weather event. I just have a follow-up.

Joseph Nigro
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. Sure. As you could imagine, we've had numerous contacts with the agencies since the event in
February. And you saw, after the announcement on our fourth quarter call of separation, they all -- that
Moody's and S&P published some preliminary thoughts on both Generation and on the RemainCo or
Exelon. On the 29th of April, S&P came out and updated some commentary on ExGen and affirm their
investment-grade rating and the stable outlook. And it's important to note that they've also delinked them
from the corporation effectively from the standpoint of the fact that we have announced separation.

So we continue to have dialogue with each of the agencies. All 3 of them have Generation rated
investment grade currently. And we continue to expect that to happen in the future as we manage our
business.

Christopher Mark Crane
President, CEO & Director

A key to that is managing the business and managing the risk and understanding the risk. It was an
unprecedented weather event that was beyond potentially the design basis of the plants. And we have to
take that into consideration as we look at our risk profile going forward. We will not continue to weather
risk like that, that could challenge the balance sheet and the investment-grade ratings.

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Got it. And then just lastly, there's been some noise building on the Chicago franchise agreement. Is there
sort of a path forward there? Any sense on time line? Anything on expectations you can share? I mean I
just were curious if this is going to turn into a San Diego situation or not.

Christopher Mark Crane
President, CEO & Director

Joe Dominguez, we'll let cover that. I believe he's on.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

EXELON CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Joseph Dominguez
Chief Executive Officer of ComEd

Yes. First of all, Chicago is a world-class city, and we're privileged to serve it. And we want to continue
that relationship. And we've been working with the city for some time on terms for a new franchise
agreement. As you know, the franchise agreement continues until a new one is approved or until a new
franchise -- or franchisee is selected. They are going to explore all their options. And I think they are
going to follow a blueprint like San Diego used to solicit ideas.

We have an RFI that's been issued. We'll participate in that RFI. We'll see if others do. And we'll see what
ideas come out of that process. That's expected to close on May 28. In the meantime, we are continuing
with the discussions around the new franchise agreement. And we're pretty confident that ComEd is going
to be successful at the end. We have a lot to offer. We're leaning in on the city's priorities around energy
efficiency, jobs, support for low-income families, clean and renewable energy and more.

I think the most important thing for the city, and they've been very clear about this, is making the city
reliable and resilient against some of the storms. We have talked on these calls about some of the storms
we've experienced. We added [ ratio ] in August, where we had 110-mile per hour hurricane and force
winds our service territory. 15 tornadoes landed. It was the second most expensive storm in the U.S. this
year. And unfortunately, that event has not been an anomaly. We saw unprecedented flooding coming
off the lake in the summer. And just maybe 12 months earlier, we saw polar vortex that brought with it
negative 30-degree weather.

So the city, I think, is rightfully concerned about the changing weather from the climate crisis. And
notwithstanding these weather events, Chris reviewed earlier some of our performance. We're not only
top decile in SAIFI and CAIDI, but I think, best-in-class in both categories, first time for this company to
achieve that. And we've been able to make the investments, keep residential rates low and so on. So I
think we're doing what we need to do. We're investing philanthropically in the city.

And I think it's important to note. I think we all know this, that serving cities alone is a pretty expensive
proposition. The infrastructure is expensive doing any work in the city is expensive just because of the
density of existing infrastructure. You tend to have more of a concentration of low-income customers in
the city for a variety of reasons. It's more expensive.

When the city is part of a broader Chicago system, and the city accounts for about 1/3 of ComEd, we
have the ability to use the horsepower and the talent not only within ComEd, but the Exelon family of
companies to come in, repair the system when it's damaged as a result of weather. But also, we have the
financial wherewithal of the industry and the businesses and the people that live outside of Chicago in the
suburbs to cover some of the costs for the city's more economically challenged citizens.

So we think the whole package is going to be valuable. You mentioned the San Diego process. We've
followed that for some time. I don't think there was, at the end of the day, anyone who actually competed
for the franchise there. But it is a process. And it's a transparent process that we need to go through,
and we appreciate that. And in the meantime, as I said, we're going to lean into it. If the city decides
to go into in a different direction, they would have the pay ComEd upwards of $7 billion for the system,
depending on the timing of the transaction. And because these systems were built in an interconnected
way, we anticipate that there would be about $5 billion or more in separation costs that would take
upwards of a decade to complete new substations, control centers, computer platforms alike.

So this is going to be a long road if the city goes in that direction. We understand this move within the
fabric of the negotiations that we've been having with the city. And I'm confident that the proposal we're
going to offer is going to allow us to continue this long-standing relationship. And we will be very fortunate
to be able to continue to serve this great city.

Operator

And your next question comes from Michael Weinstein with Crédit Suisse.

Michael Weinstein

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

EXELON CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

On electric vehicle charging infrastructure, this is still pretty early days, I understand that. But is there
-- at what point does this become a significant portion of CapEx opportunity? What do you think that
opportunity is? And when do you think it really starts to kick in?

Calvin G. Butler
Senior Executive VP & CEO of Exelon Utilities

Michael, this is Calvin. I would say we continue to look at EV infrastructure and partner with all of our
jurisdictions on how we go about it. And Chris, I think it was -- no, Joe outlined in detail what we're doing
in each of our jurisdictions in terms of EV adoption, charging infrastructure and the like. Right now, it is
not a significant piece of our capital plan. Chris alluded to the $6.6 billion that we will execute this year,
and it's just scratching the surface. But at the end of the day, it is part of our business priorities moving
forward.

As you laid out, 50% of our fleet will be electrified internally by 2030. And we continue to look at working
with each of our jurisdictions to encourage them in that way in investing in infrastructure. So the bottom
line is that it's a small portion of our total capital investment, but it is on our plan to continue to grow.

Christopher Mark Crane
President, CEO & Director

The infrastructure investment beyond the EV charging stations is something that our engineering units are
working on. Between EV and distributed generation, upgrading lines, changing voltage levels, that gets
into a lot more complicated, but it's a bigger part of the investment.

Michael Weinstein
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Yes. That's what I was thinking of. Is there a tipping point or a point where the curve starts to really kick
in gear? And what year do you think that approximately happens? And is this a 2030s type opportunity or
more of a maybe late 2020s? That's -- just trying to think the outcomes.

Christopher Mark Crane
President, CEO & Director

Yes. It's something we're working on now, more for the distributed generation. There's analysis that goes
into the circuits to make sure that we're not overloading them, and we're upgrading them as we see
the demand go up. And so I think we're investing now. A tipping point, I think it's going to be a gradual
investment over a 10-year-plus period. It's not going to all of a sudden hit immediately one day.

And I'll give you an example. Philadelphia Electric and BGE are upgrading their voltages on their
distribution systems from 4,160 to 13,800 in anticipation of more distributed generation, but that will also
support EV. So it gives us more capacity on the circuits to allow the customers to get the services they
want.

Michael Weinstein
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Got you. Just one last question. On the New York Public Service Commission filing for separation, is there
any reason why you think it might take longer than the end of the year to get an approval there?

Kathleen L. Barron
Executive Vice President of Government & Regulatory Affairs & Public Policy

This is Kathleen, Michael. I can take that. I mean we haven't even seen comments yet on the New York
application. They were due at the end of the month. We had to ask for action by the end of the year, and
we think the agency is capable of acting in that period. But of course, we need to see what the comments
are. And we'll have a better sense once we do. We have targeted close in the first quarter of next year. So

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

EXELON CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

if we need a little bit extra time, whether in the New York case or at the NRC, we have accounted for that.
But again, we think that acting by the end of the year is doable in New York.

Operator

And our final question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Two questions for you, actually unrelated. One, some of the potential draft Illinois legislative approaches
have pretty decent changes to how Commonwealth Edison's ratemaking process would work. Could you
just give an update on what you think the puts and takes are? What are the things that could actually be a
benefit to ComEd's earnings power? What are the things in there that could be a headwind if implemented
to ComEd's earnings?

Christopher Mark Crane
President, CEO & Director

Joe Dominguez, do you want to cover that?

Joseph Dominguez
Chief Executive Officer of ComEd

Yes. There's a lot of different proposals at this point, Michael. I think the common thread in all of them is
that we would come out of the formula rate. And so -- as you know, the formula rate historically for the
last 10 years, really throughout the entirety of EMA, has produced an ROE that is significantly lower than
the national average. And that's resulted in billions of dollars of savings for our customers over that period
of time.

As we emerge from the formula and we come to a more normalized ROE, there will be an opportunity
for expanded earnings at ComEd. At the same time, one of the things we very much liked about the
formula is our ability to plan work for years in advance. We don't -- as you well know, we don't do radically
different things year-to-year. We kind of continue to invest in poles, wires, smart devices, those sorts
of things over the course of years. And the formula had given us some certainty that we were going
to be able to continue those investments, and that allowed us to kind of make arrangements with our
vendors so that we could maximize efficiencies there, both from a supply standpoint as well as from a
labor standpoint.

So one of the things I worry about coming out of the formula is that planning process. Are we going to
continue to see volatility from rate case to rate case? So some of the ideas that have been proposed are
aimed at looking at a longer-term transparent investment direction coming out of the company and being
reviewed by the commission.

For example, the labor proposals would have us produce reports every 4 years, showing all the
investments that we're going to make. And it would give stakeholders an opportunity to take a look at
that. We wouldn't necessarily get an approval from that. But it would give people a good understanding of
what we're trying to do, what we're trying to invest in the system as we integrate renewables and build on
the resilience of the system. So that would be, I think, helpful, so that we have some clarity in the process
about where we're going next.

It's clear to me that to continue the level of reliability that we've been able to attain and meet the
challenge of these storms, integrate renewables, integrate fleets of electric cars, trucks and buses, we're
going to need to continue to invest in the system the way we have been investing in those technologies.
The formula gave us a clearer path for doing that.

And one of the concerns I have about just returning to traditional ratemaking is we don't have that year-
over-year clarity. And you could get the volatility and rate outcomes, and that turns into volatility in terms
of your workforce, volatility in terms of your suppliers and the loss of efficiency there. So I think those are

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

EXELON CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

the puts and takes, at least as I see the legislation right now. And I think as Chris said, the policymakers
have been meeting routinely on that. And I think those are the issues they're worried about as well.

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got it. And then one quick follow-up, unrelated, on taxes. You can't necessarily rely on ERCOT or the
PUCT to act quickly and make market design changes. Often, they've been very reticent to do so. Is there
anything you're thinking about doing, either from a contracting standpoint or something physical at the
plant, aka maybe backup generation on site with storage tanks or something like that to forestall potential
risk like what just played out happening in the future?

Christopher Mark Crane
President, CEO & Director

Right now, the design of ERCOT does not compensate for reliability, availability. It's a pure energy market
only. We would have to take into consideration, as ERCOT and the commission continues to deliberate on
what the design could be is what we could afford to invest into those plants for that resiliency.

In PJM, it's a very resilient market. We're compensated. And we're penalized if we don't produce. That is
not the structure that ERCOT has taken in the past. And so it leaves the generators competing against
significant amounts of wind suppressing the prices during the shoulder months, especially. And then you
have to look at your return on capital to make the investments for that. So going to a dual fuel, going
to a different design basis for temperatures can be an expensive proposition. And if you're not getting
rewarded for that and the market doesn't prioritize that, it would be difficult to do.

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got it. Okay. I was just thinking, is it materially expensive to add things like fuel oil tanks to some of the
gas plants that could store a couple of days for use in emergency only? Is that prohibitively expensive
relative, I guess, if I were to compare it to what just happened?

Christopher Mark Crane
President, CEO & Director

No. It is expensive, but it's more complicated than just having oil on site. The plants are designed for a
gradient of temperatures. And we're starting to see those temperatures expand in the variants. And so
you have to do more than just put oil tanks on in dual fire, make the modifications on the firing jets, in
the turbines -- excuse me, in the generators. And so you would -- it is much more complicated than just a
couple of oil tanks to make sure that the resiliency is there.

And then you've got to make sure that you're being compensated, like PJM does, for those investments.
And we stand up. We made those investments in PJM. And we also know that we'll be penalized if we
don't produce in PJM. So if and when ERCOT decides that availability and reliability of the fleet is a
priority, which thus far, they have not, we would be able to participate in that market and make whatever
modifications make economic sense to weather the storm. It's a pretty good cliche there.

All right. Okay. Thanks, everybody, for joining the call today. I hope you all stay and your families stay
safe and healthy. And with that, I'll close out the call.

Operator
That does conclude today's call. You may now disconnect. Thank you for your participation.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

EXELON CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

