Fastenal Company NasdaqGS:FAST
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, October 13, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.38

0.38

Revenue  (mm)

1404.80

1413.30

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-13-2020 2:29 PM GMT

0.00

0.61

0.32

1.53

1.61

1317.50

5746.99

5960.96

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.31

0.35

0.37

0.38

0.31

0.35

0.42

0.38

0.00 %

0.00 %

13.51 %

0.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
FASTENAL COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 13, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

Ellen Stolts
Financial Reporting & Regulatory
Compliance Manager

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

David John Manthey
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Hamzah Mazari
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Michael Lawrence McGinn
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Ryan James Merkel
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 13, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Greetings, and welcome to the Fastenal's 2020 Third Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Ellen Stolts of Fastenal. Thank you, ma'am. Please go
ahead.

Ellen Stolts
Financial Reporting & Regulatory Compliance Manager

Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2020 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This call will be hosted by
Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Officer. The
call will last for up to 1 hour and will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations,
with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers.

Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No
recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's
consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage,
investor.fastenal.com.

A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until December 1, 2020, at Midnight Central Time.

As a reminder, today's conference call may include statements regarding the company's future plans
and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations and we undertake no duty to
update them. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ materially from those
anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the
company's latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and
we encourage you to review those factors carefully.

I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Ellen, and good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us for the third quarter
earnings call.

Before I start with the flip book, just thought I'd share a few thoughts. We do some simple things at
Fastenal. We find great people. We ask them to join and then we give them a reason to stay.

One of the enjoyable aspects of my role here at Fastenal is in the fall of each year, I send a letter to all
of our 25-year employees as well as our 15-year employees. And then we typically, with the 25-year
employees, we celebrate them at our National Meeting held in December of each year. Obviously, this year
it won't be held in person. But it's a great opportunity to recognize great service to the organization, and
folks that saw the reasons compelling enough that they've spent much of their adult life in the Fastenal
organization.

If I look at the third quarter of this year, we actually have 6 people I get to work with each and every day
that hit a milestone in their employment with Fastenal.

So back in July, Lee Hein celebrated 35 years with Fastenal. Rodney Hill, a little bit later in the month,
celebrated 20 years. Rodney Hill, for those of you don't know who he is, he's our Senior Vice President in
our National Accounts team.

In August, we had 2 employees celebrated anniversary. Again, these are folks I work with. Holden
Lewis, who you'll hear from shortly, hit 4 years. And -- but on top of that 4 years, a wealth of knowledge

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 13, 2020

because many of you know that he spent a good chunk of his career in the sell-side community. And
when I stepped out of that role, I wanted to bring somebody in who I'd known for years, who I was really
impressed with their body of work, and Holden has been with us now for 4 years in August.

Bill Drazkowski, many of you have heard that name before. He is our leader in our Western United States
business unit. In August, he celebrated 25 years. I remember the first time I met Bill, I was traveling in
Southern Minnesota, he was working in our Albert Lea, Minnesota branch. My first impression in meeting
Bill was I didn't realize we hired 16-year olds. And today, he's a key leader in our organization, and again,
covering the Western United States.

Here in September, John Soderberg, our leader -- our Executive Vice President of IT, had a milestone,
celebrating 27 years with the organization. And this coming Saturday, Reyne Wisecup, our EVP of HR, will
celebrate 32 years with the Fastenal organization.

Now 4 of these 6 people I just mentioned grew up in the organization on the sales side. Seems
inappropriate for a sales-minded, sales-centered organization. And they bring a wealth of experience and
knowledge to the table. I've touched on Holden a few minutes ago. I'd say Reyne is probably the person I
listened to the most. If we make great decisions on HR, it's because I listened to Reyne that day. If I look
at decisions that I wish I had to do over, it's easy because I didn't listen to Reyne that day.

The one other item I'd share is in that group of 25-year employees, this year has its first non-American.
Our Canadian business celebrated 25 years last fall, and I look forward to seeing Darryl next time we meet
to congratulate them on that milestone. I did single him out in my letter that goes in our annual holiday
box of goodies that goes out to employees in December.

The -- in the July call, we talked a bit about the steps we took back in the early months of the year as
we were listening to our team in Shanghai on what they were learning firsthand from COVID-19. And we
talked about what we did in March, and that was we locked down our locations. We closed the front door
of our branches. We asked our customers to call ahead. We'd have a product ready for them. We are a
supply chain partner for our customers. Most of our sales go out the back door of our branch, and we
deliver it to our customers' facilities. So by letting us on their premises, they're placing a trust in us. And
we wanted to honor that trust.

Here's a quick recap of information that I've been sharing on a weekly and monthly basis with our
employees as we progress through this COVID-19 era. We never shut down as an organization, I think
everybody knows that. 94% of our population because of their role, don't have the ability to work
remotely. They might work in a branch there on site. They might work at a distribution center. They might
drive a truck. They might work in our manufacturing division. They're in some role that requires them to
be present. If I look at that population in the months of March to May, we were seeing 2 to 5 cases per
week. And at the end of May, we had 41 cumulative cases within the Fastenal organization. Now we have
roughly 21,000 employees, so that was 0.2%.

In the month of June, as some businesses were coming back to work and there was a little more activity,
we saw our case count on a weekly basis jump quite dramatically, and we were seeing about 14 cases per
week. And at the end of June, cumulatively, we were approaching 100. We had 97 cases, which is 0.5% of
our 21,000 people. July saw it increase a little bit more, 16 cases per week. In August, 20 cases per week.
September, we saw an interesting change in that trend. We dropped to about 17 cases per week. And at
the end of the quarter, cumulatively, we've had 344 cases within the Fastenal Blue Team family. Again, if I
did my math right, and these aren't audited numbers, these are my notes, that's about 1.6%, of 21,000.

In the first week of October, we saw the case count come in at 14, again, positive trend. I have no idea
what our trends will be in October, November and December and as we enter the new year. But I do know
our group of employees have been taking responsible steps to protect themselves, their families and their
customers they serve, while providing a much needed supply chain to the marketplace. With those 14
cases, cumulatively, we're at 358. Again, that's as of last week. At that time, when I received the report,
we had 21 people currently out. And the typical duration we're seeing is about 15 days. So about 2 weeks'
worth.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 13, 2020

If I go to the flip book, we talk a little bit about our daily sales. So while it's not on the sheet, in Q2, we
grew 10.3%. In Q3, that reduced 2.5%. Operating income in Q3 grew 2.9%. Our incremental margin was
in the mid-20s. Really pleased with those numbers from the standpoint of, when I think of safety, safety
provided us a bridge between where the economy was prior to COVID-19, as the economy shut down and
where it is today. So it's been providing us a bridge.

If I look at discrete business pieces of our Fastenal business, fasteners and safety, as we've talked in prior
calls, make up about half of our revenue.

In the second quarter, our Fastener business, our oldest product line, our most mature product line, our
product line that really links to what's going on in the industrial world, sales dropped 16%. In Q3, that
improved to negative 7%.

Safety products grew 116% in the second quarter. It came in to -- it came back out of the stratosphere
and grew 34% in Q3. And if you look at all the remaining products that aren't fasteners or safety, they
contracted about 8% in Q2, about 2% in Q3.

And so the trends are telling me the environment we operate in is healing itself, is improving. And again,
safety has provided an incredible bridge as we've gone through this.

Earlier, I mentioned great people. When I think of the last 6 months, I'm really impressed with our ability
to adapt really quickly to the new normal, incredibly impressed with our ability to successfully manage
costs and how we're holding each other accountable. In fact, this afternoon, I have a call with a subset of
our regional leaders, I have another call scheduled tomorrow, where we're going to talk through elements
of our P&L, where they're not pleased with us. And us being Dan and Holden and the folks that support
them because our expenses grew a bit more than theirs. Actually, our expenses didn't improve as well as
theirs did. And some things I'm going to share with them our profit sharing contribution that goes to the
entire organization that's based on our level of profitability, Q3 to Q3 is up 40%. I'm personally proud of
that. It means we're finding success together and we're sharing that together.

We made a big acquisition of technology back in the first quarter in March. So in both Q2 and Q3, we have
a sizeful amortization expense that's now in the numbers. We introduced mobility across the organization.
We deployed just under 8,000 devices in the last 9 months. So that's an expense that went from 0 to
something that's not 0, it's a $1 million-plus increase of investments we're making to improve the long-
term health of the business.

We found great success, interestingly enough, in our ability to sell clearance items, clearance products,
products that have been on our shelf, whether they're in our branch or distribution center, and this isn't
COVID products. This is stuff that we've accumulated over time. We saw an incredible jump from Q3 to
Q3, like 200%. It's a small number, but we're finding success. We're resourceful in this marketplace.

As you can expect, our purchasing of inventory, we did a great job with inventory. Our purchase discounts
we earned are less this year than they were a year ago. And so I'll be having that conversation with
our team, but we hold each other accountable and that's how you successfully manage expenses in an
organization.

Most importantly, when I think of great people, we've retained the talent of our organization, in ways
many other organizations haven't had the ability to do. And safety -- and our safety sales played a role
in that, and I'm proud of that. But we continue to invest in the future. Our training has actually expanded
in a COVID era, even though we don't have our instructor-led training at all this year. Our online training
and our virtual instructor-led trainings, our school of business, our Fastenal School of Business, did an
incredible pivot and our folks in the field are embracing it in incredible ways.

Earlier, I mentioned we deployed almost 8,000 mobility devices, and we created a more efficient platform
for providing service to our customer. I believe in the last 6 months, we've widened the moat that Fastenal
enjoys by demonstrating the following in the marketplace to our customers: we're a great supply chain
partner, we solve problems and we invest to deliver. And we have a great group of analysts that have
historically covered us. And I'm not saying that to glaciate myself to the analyst community, I'm saying
that because it's a fact.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 13, 2020

I was reading one of the -- a couple of the analyst reports that came out earlier this morning and I asked
Holden about it. And in there, I saw where we have $30 million of slow-moving PPE inventory. We made a
big investment in products to support the marketplace in the early part of this year. If you're in our supply
chain team, if you're in our forecasting team, you've done a great job. And I think there are folks in our
organization that are looking at our PPE inventory and say, geez, we have a bunch, and they're scared
about it, nervous about it, it's probably a better word.

And I look at it and say, this $30 million of inventory, our sales in Q2 surged dramatically. The inventory
that's explicitly in this -- and the reason I know these numbers, I was talking to our Board about it
yesterday. Our sales of these products that we have this inventory on, from Q2 to Q3, the quantity of
our sales went up 18%. So this isn't something that all of a sudden there was a big need for in Q2, and
that need's gone away and Fastenal's sitting with all this inventory. Based on the sales in Q3, we do have
months of supply. Frankly, in today's chaotic world, I consider that an asset, not a problem. And it will
support us as we move through this. And I'm happy we have it. So if you need 3-ply masks, give us a call
because the marketplace needs them, and I'm glad we have them.

The -- moving on to the surge activity, as Holden mentions in the flipbook, it did ease. However, pandemic
products continued to contribute to high sales, as mentioned earlier, safety was up 34%. Growth drivers
improved, the signings improved from Q2 to Q3. Sales is about what happened today. Growth drivers and
momentum of growth drivers is about what happens tomorrow.

Our tomorrow improved from Q2 to Q3, and I feel really good about that. We're not back to the hundreds.
And the hundreds is our stated internal stretch goal that we put in place last December. Obviously, got
thrown out the window in March when the world kind of -- didn't kind of, when the world shut down. But
our stated goal is, can we get to 100 signings of vending devices a day? Can we get to 100 signings of
Onsites per quarter? And that's what we've invested in infrastructure to support because we think that's a
sign of great engagement with customers and a great ability to take market share, but they did improve
from Q2 to Q3.

Lastly, on that page, Holden talks about a conservative capital structure. Basically, we have a great
balance sheet, and that great balance sheet improved in the quarter. And one of the things I said to
Holden back in March, and the finance team in general, Holden, Sheryl and the entire team, I said, what
distribution businesses do in environments like this, is we're not investing in working capital the same
way. And we actually become a cash generator because we harvest some working capital. And I'm really
impressed with our supply chain team, our finance team, our district and regional leaders on what they did
to produce the cash flow of this year.

And so if I look at it in 9 months because then you take out some of the noise of the cash -- the tax
payment deferrals from Q2 to Q3. 9 months in, our earnings are up 8.3%. Our operating cash flow is up
32.2%, $190 million increase over the last year. We pulled back some CapEx. And our free cash flow,
operating cash minus CapEx, is up 62% year-over-year. And there is a little lift in there because there's
about $19 million of social security tax that's deferred until next year. Absent that, the 32% and 62%
goes to 29% and 57%. My compliments to Holden, Sheryl, the team. Great job. And it means we have a
balance sheet that's ready to support our future.

Flipping to the vending dispenses information that we shared last quarter. Again, most of this, you saw
last quarter. You see the dip over Thanksgiving, you see the impact of Christmas and New Year. You see
the impact of Easter in early April. And you see where we -- history says we should be by the end of March
and where we were by the middle of April. You saw there was some recovery. But as of June, the blue
line, which is current versus the gold line, which is history -- or yellow, depending on the quality of your
monitor, we were 15 points below where history says we should be. By the end of September, that 15
points is now 9. We're not back to where we should be, but the health is better. And once we got into
September, I'm pleased to say we are above where we started last October. Again, not where we should
be, but a great performance. And vending is really about consumption of products in the marketplace. It's
a real real-time -- a great real-time indicator of activity.

The next page is about unique users. Here, you get a little more noise because the way we calculate it, if
you have a business day out, so you get the Thanksgiving noise, the Christmas, New your noise, Easter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 13, 2020

You see where we would have been in that March time frame. You see where we bottomed out in mid-April
at 85 and where we ended the quarter.

So at the end of the quarter, we were 8 points down. Right now, we're 7 points down. We're -- we
continue to narrow the gap. The -- and this is about employment activity. The first one is dispensing, this
is employment.

I'm really glad we have the vending business, not just for the -- what it gives us some visibility, but the
fact how it helps us grow. And it gives us a reason and our customers a reason to allow us to keep coming
in their facilities. And that's one of the ways that we're really entrenched in the business of our customers,
and you see it shining through in this type of environment.

Final page I'll talk to in the flip book is Page 6. As mentioned earlier, our signing activity is still below
where we were pre pandemic, but it's making a comeback.

Onsites, we signed 62 in the third quarter, and I feel really good about the momentum of that. We need
that momentum to come back to support us in the future. That's future growth. One thing I shared with
our Board of Directors yesterday that I thought was an interesting development, and that is, if you look
at government business, historically, a relatively small piece of our business, obviously, it became a more
sizable piece of our business in the second quarter. We're getting Onsite traction in the government world,
too.

So at the last September, 25 of our Onsites were with governmental entities. That might be a K-12 school
district. That might be a college or higher ed. That might be something else in the government sector, but
25 of them. By March, that had grown to 29. At the end of September, we have 35. That's a 40% increase
in Onsite business with government customers. It tells me that some of that government business we
picked up is going to be sticky.

And 60% of that occurred in the last 6 months. And I don't know about the rest of you, but I've never
seen government move real fast in a lot of things in life. This is incredibly fast-paced change when I look
at that business.

College, higher ed, 56% increase over last year. We actually, in the third quarter, signed our first health
care Onsite. Don't know what that means for the future, but it is an interesting development.

The rest of the information, I think it's pretty straightforward in the reading. In March, our e-commerce
sales. And so when we look at e-commerce, even though vending is e-commerce in a way, we don't
include that in our number. But it is a digital sale. This is still constrictly at EDI and web orders. For
the first time ever in March, that topped over 10% of our sales. In the second quarter, it dropped back
because most of the COVID surge was not going through EDI. It was reacting, engaging directly face-to-
face with customers from a safe distance. In August and September, our e-commerce as a percentage of
business, again, topped over 10%. And for the quarter, we were over 10%.

With that, I'll set up and turn it over to Holden.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

Great. Thanks, Dan. Flipping to Slide 7. Third quarter 2020 sales were up 2.5%. Like last quarter,
strong sell-through of safety products offset weakness in our traditional manufacturing and construction
customers.

Sales of safety products were up 34%. Sales to state and local government and health care customers
grew 131% in the period, and this certainly includes sales related to COVID mitigation. However, we're
also seeing restocking, prestocking and share gains as we receive follow-on orders from customers that
we added in the second quarter.

As a result, we're not characterizing strength here in the third quarter as surge as the reasons behind our
customers buying have become much more varied. We do view this favorably, however, as it affirms our

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 13, 2020

belief that we will be able to retain relationships that began in the chaos of the second quarter. That is
likely what allowed us to outperform our original expectations for safety growth in the third quarter.

All other products declined 4.2%, including Fasteners, which declined 6.9%. This represents a deceleration
in rates of decline as the economy has reopened and production has rebuilt following the disruptions of the
second quarter. In fact, we saw a sequential, low single-digit improvement in both hub picks and vending
dispenses in each month of the third quarter, suggesting gradual but steady gains in the underlying
business conditions. At this time, we believe customer activity levels are down mid-single digits from pre-
pandemic levels.

As it relates to the near-term outlook, I think everyone understands that coronavirus is still with us. But
at this point, customers are navigating around the issue without having to close operations. As a result,
business activity continues to trend steadily, albeit gradually upward. Against the backdrop of multiple
months of better than 50 readings in the PMI, and an RVP commentary about customers reengaging in
growth at driver discussions, conditions are encouraging. Remember that we are entering the low-volume
and holiday-impacted fourth quarter, which can always introduce a bit of unpredictability. Still, it's good to
see some degree of normalization settling in.

Now to Slide 8. Gross margin was 45.3% in the third quarter of 2020, up 80 basis points sequentially and
down 190 basis points versus the third quarter of 2019. The most significant factor in the third quarter
behind the annual decline is low margins for COVID-related safety and jan san products.

In contrast to the second quarter, when this pressure was a byproduct of inefficient supply chains and
our own speed and sourcing products, pressure in the third quarter is from 2 different sources. First, for
certain products, demand continues to outpace supply and costs have begun to rise. We began addressing
these products with price actions beginning late in the third quarter. Second, other products like 3-ply
masks and disposable respirators are oversupplied and prices have declined. We believe this will correct
itself based on the sell-through of these products out of our inventory. However, this process may take
until the second half of 2021.

Collectively, COVID-related safety and jan san was about 14% of sales in the third quarter, and the
gross margin was down mid- to high single digits on that group of product. The remaining decline in
gross margin is for mix and cyclical and organizational factors such as rebates, deleveraging of certain
fixed costs, higher import costs, et cetera. Aside from specific lines associated with COVID, the pricing
environment is stable.

This decline in gross margin was slightly more than offset by leveraging of SG&A and higher sales of PP&E,
which produced 200 basis points of operating expense leverage over the third quarter of 2019. 6.3%
lower FTE at the end of period and lower bonuses as a result of the weaker environment, generated very
strong leverage of employee expenses, while lower travel expense, lower fuel costs and continued tight
control of operating expenses, generally, enabled leverage of our other operating costs. The result was an
operating margin of 20.5%, up 10 basis points and an incremental margin of 24%. Putting it all together,
we reported third quarter 2020 EPS of $0.38, up 3.5% from $0.37 in the third quarter of 2019.

Now turning to Slide 9. We produced $289 million of operating cash flow in the third quarter of 2020,
representing 131% of net income and up 12.3% from the third quarter of 2019. This strong cash
generation is despite having paid $104 million of taxes deferred from the second quarter as part of the
CARES Act, and is attributable to higher earnings and farming working capital in the period.

Accounts receivable is up 2.1%. We did collect the $75 million in surge-related balances that existed at the
end of the second quarter, though follow-on orders from some customers simply replaced surge balances
with regular way balances. As a result, receivables increased largely in line with sales.

Receivables' quality remains excellent. Inventories were down 1%, $50 million in COVID-related stock at
the end of the second quarter was around $30 million at the end of the third quarter, and we'll continue to
work down this balance over the next few quarters.

Meanwhile, the combination of weak demand and efforts to streamline our inventories translated to
declining inventory at our branch locations and moderating inventory growth in our onsites and hubs.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 13, 2020

Our net capital spending range for 2020 remains $155 million to $180 million. We achieved record net
income and record operating cash flow over the first 9 months of 2020. This allowed us to acquire the
assets of Apex, deploy significant resources to secure critical products and carry working capital for
customers during the chaos of the second quarter and return $480 million to investors in the form of
dividends and share repurchase.

At the same time, net debt is just 2.5% of total capital, and substantially all of our revolver remains
available for use. We retain ample capacity to pay our dividend, finance working capital as demand
improves or take advantage of any other business opportunity that may arise.
That is all for our formal presentation. So with that, operator, we will take questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 13, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from David Manthey of Baird.

David John Manthey
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

I have kind of a long-term question here, just to reorient on your -- on the growth drivers of the business.
Could you update us on how you see the total available market for vending and Onsites relative to where
you are today? And then a little bit more near term. If you could just give us an update on the LIFT
initiative. I think you had some pretty good early returns on the pilot programs, and I'm wondering if
you're moving forward with those more broadly yet.

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So a few things there. I'm going by memory here, Dave. I think what we've talked in the past about
is, we believe there's around 15,000. There's a potential for about 15,000 Onsites based on what we know
today, and what we know today is largely confined to North America. And -- but that's a number we've
talked about internally.

I hope that's a number we've talked about externally in the past. Holden is not giving me a dirty look,
so -- but suffice it to say, it's a really big market. The reason it's so big is because of our frugal cost
structure, we can find success in an Onsite doing $100,000 a month -- doing $150,000 a month, where
most of the marketplace struggles with the onsite model when you get below $250,000, $300,000 a
month. Putting one person in an office and doing sourcing is not an onsite in our mind. An onsite is you're
there engaged in their business. But we're able to find success in a lot of our places.

The vending is -- the vending, suffice it to say, I personally believe the number is over 1 million, but I
don't know how much over 1 million, and I don't know how much energy I'm going to put into figuring
that one out. The wildcard on vending is, historically, vending was about putting in a vending box. And
because we were reliant on a third-party for vending, it was a separate system from everything else we
did.

But there's places where we have vending where a bin stock works. And -- but we want to illuminate the
supply chain. So what we're doing now after acquiring it is, we're melding the technologies together. So
some places we'll use vending and some places we'll use a bin stock that has replenishment automation
in. In other words, we know how full the bin is. We know how -- either through RFID technology or
infrared technology or some other technology.

And so suffice it to say, it's an incredibly big market. I believe between vending and bin stock, it could
address 70% of the true spend that exists in the marketplace. And so you can size it on that based on a
device that does between $1,000 and $2,000 a month in business, what that yields for a number.

The final point, and Holden, remind me on the final point.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

LIFT.

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

LIFT. LIFT, we -- and for those of you that aren't familiar with that LIFT is, the acronym stands for Local
Inventory Fulfillment Terminal. And the way we're approaching it initially, it's a terminal that replenishes
vending, but it could replenish other things such as bin stocks in the future. We had some pilots. We have

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 13, 2020

a handful of pilots we did. The first one was in Phoenix, Arizona, but we've added since then. What --
the only thing that's changing -- well, first off, the initial results are really positive because it allows us to
become more efficient in replenishment of vending. It also pushes us to make the model better. And what
I mean by that is a greater standardization of products going into the vending because we're replenishing
multiple machines, multiple branches, multiple business units out of one facility. And so we're doing some
aggregation.

What we're really doing now is the movement is we're moving more and more of the LIFTs we're doing in
the next 12 months into distribution centers to make it part of our distribution network.

But really excited about the potential there, and we're moving forward on it.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

And I might chip in a couple of things, Dave. First, on the market size, the numbers that Dan cited were
numbers that we sort of derived some time ago. We haven't necessarily updated them on a regular basis,
but we do touch base with the owners of those businesses, and there's not a belief that anything has
changed in terms of that opportunity.

In fact, when you hear Dan describe the performance that we have in some of the educational facilities
and government facilities, that was not a market that was envisioned in the original study. And so we're
seeing -- in addition to the opportunity exists in the original study, we're seeing an expansion of the
potential applications.

As it relates to the LIFT performance, right now, we still got relatively few. I think we will ramp up the
rollout on that based on the performance. And so we don't have a lot of sort of long-standing metrics
that we can hang our hat on. But in our oldest one, we did see things such as the dollars per FTE in
those regions get better and the signings improve in that region, and quite frankly, the service level as
measured by the number of returns improve.

And so yes, I think you're right. The initial data from the initial rollouts of the LIFT have been encouraging
enough that I think you'll see us put more of those in the market in their various capacities and forms and
perhaps accelerate that in the coming 18 months.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Nigel Coe of Wolfe Research.

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

I just wanted to kind of dig back into the inventory reductions and also the tight lid on employee hiring.
Given the sequential improvement we're seeing and the relative optimism perhaps from the field, how
long can you restrain employee costs so aggressively going forward and inventories as well? That's my
first question.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. On employee costs, remember that restraining of those expenses really is not a function of what we
do in Winona. It's really a function of the decisions that are being made by the individuals in the field that
are running their businesses, whether that be a branch or district or a region.

So I don't want to give you the impression of a degree of control that we don't, by choice, exercise in
our culture and our model. The reality, Nigel, is the reason that we protected our talent the way we did
through what it certainly initially looked, but it was going to be a pretty nasty downturn, was specifically
so that we'd be able to move quickly when conditions allowed.

And with demand sort of getting gradually better and with our customers increasingly reengaging in
conversations about growth drivers. In many respects, that moment has come. And as a result, we fully
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 13, 2020

expect that much as we saw in September, we saw an uptick in FTE relative to what we've seen in the
month before. I wouldn't be surprised if you continue to see some of that.

Travel expenses. I wouldn't be surprised again if you saw that come up from where it's been. And so the
answer is difficult to answer because we don't control it coming out any more than we controlled it going
in. Those are decisions made locally. And the field has made great decisions about it going in. And we
trust that they're going to make fantastic decisions about it coming out that's going to allow us to be both
disciplined with expenses because let's not forget, we're going into a volume challenge, seasonal period,
and we're all aware of that.

But I think they're going to be able to exert a great deal of discipline over their cost structure because it
makes sense to do so and they've shown an ability to do it, while deploying the resources necessary to
take advantage of the opportunities that are reopening again. And that's probably how I'd answer that
question. I hope that gives you something you're looking for.

As it relates to the second question on inventory, the inventory kind of reacts the same way, right? When
demand is weak, inventory naturally can come down as customers naturally need less of it. And when
demand gets better, then it goes the other way. And so there certainly is a -- if demand gets better and
we would welcome that, then that would come with some improvement in inventory as well.

Now that said, I'll tell you, we're doing a lot of things to get better at managing our inventory, one of
which is we're really moving product through our internal supply chain really smoothly today, right? We've
gone through a period where we've been closing branches. We're addressing slow-moving products. We're
-- which is sort of historical product that we've brought into the business over years. We're -- we have
different types of model stockings that we're engaging with. And that's required us to move products
through the supply chain at an accelerating rate. And whether it goes store to hub, hub to hub, hub to
customer and branch, we've really made the movement of that product much smoother and at a higher
velocity than I think what we've seen before. And that's an improvement.

We've introduced budgets on inventory to the field that I think that they try to operate to, which has been
an improvement. We're working with supplier partners. It's really time shipments better. As you know, we
have a long supply chain. And so if we can get those shipments timed better, that actually works for us.
And obviously, we've been a little bit more aggressive with nonperforming inventory, such as you saw in
some of that clearance stuff.

So we're doing a lot of things that I think will continue to lead to an improvement in our days on hand
over time. But if demand gets better and the Onsite signings we accelerate, that's going to put some need
into the inventory again.

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

We call that a good problem.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

That's a good problem.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Ryan Merkel of William Blair.

Ryan James Merkel
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

First off, Dan, you mentioned the investment in mobility. Just talk about what your vision is for how this is
going to help sales and customer service? And then I'm curious what the early feedback has been?

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 13, 2020

Yes. I'll give the vision from the team because I do more listening to them than talking at them. The --
part of it is just to ease things that are basic. So think of when I make a delivery, historically, I print off a
bunch of packing slips at the branch, and I take them with me. And I get those signatures on the packing
slips and I bring them back and I file them away and if there's something that doesn't get paid and I need
a proof of delivery at some point in the future, I'm digging through a file cabinet.

Now we have signature capture. And now that doesn't mean we always get a signature because
sometimes the person doesn't want to touch the device in a COVID world. And so we're working through
that. But it's -- that's a whole bunch of back-office -- streaming the back-office function, which that brings
no value to our customer supply chain. And it's figuring out how to tap into that.

Another one is when I'm out visiting a customer, going to -- when I'm going to the vending machine,
now that we own the technology that is the vending machine, our mobility device talks to the vending
machine. And so we're not working with a keyboard, a really obtuse keyboard on a vending machine to
do inventory transactions. We have a device in our hand, and it's talking to our point-of-sale system,
incredibly efficiency enhancement. We're using mobility with our LIFT facilities. So I can fill machines and
transmit it to the point-of-sale that it's filled, and it automates a lot of processes behind scene.

Another one is if I'm out talking to a customer, and they have a question about something, I actually
have the means to answer the question. I don't need to write it down, get back to the branch, look up at
my point-of-sale system and call them back. I can answer it on the spot. I can order it on spot, for that
matter. And so it allows you to do a lot of things right now. Just like a cell phone, think of the efficiency
that brings to almost every human being on the planet today. I can take care of something right now
rather than writing it down and making a phone call when I get back to a phone.

So it allows us to do a lot of things. And it allows our team to be more mobile in the COVID environment.
Being more mobile is great because I don't need to go back to the branch at the end of the day along with
everybody else and congest up an area because everybody has to work on the same terminal.

The other piece, it allows us to illuminate for the customer when deliveries are made, when our schedule
is coming. And so our customer has greater visibility to their own supply chain, something that was
difficult to do in the past.

And the final one is because we're getting orders in earlier in the day, our distribution center can be
picking orders we get at 10 o'clock, at 10 in the morning, not at 6 in the evening because that's when
the order was entered when they got back to the branch at 5 o'clock on the East Coast or 5 o'clock in the
Central Time Zone. It allows you to move work up. If we could pick earlier in the day, our trucks can leave
earlier in the day, and more of our branches get a truck by 6 or 7 in the morning rather than 7 or 8 in the
morning. So it does a lot of downstream efficiencies.

Ryan James Merkel
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

All right. That's very helpful. And then secondly, I guess, maybe for Holden. I was hoping you could
quantify the safety surge in dollars for 2020 that may not repeat in '21. I have my estimate, of course, but
I just wanted to sanity check it.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

Well, I think we talked about second quarter. And again, when we think about surge, I'm really confining
the dialogues to the second quarter because I don't really know how you differentiate surge from market
share gains from customers that are restocking post an issue or prestocking in anticipation of -- I don't
know how you differentiate that in Q3 and beyond.

And I believe, last quarter, we talked about $350 million to $360 million in surge revenue that one
conclusion could be that it may not recur, but one thing I would point out and talked a little bit in my
presented remarks or my prepared remarks was we are winning business. If I think just about health care
and government, in the second quarter, we had 5,400 accounts that we did not have in the first quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 13, 2020

Now remember, in our system, an account is not a customer. A customer can have multiple accounts. But
we have 5,400 accounts with customers in the second quarter in health care and government that we did
not have in the first quarter.

In the third quarter, of those 5,400, in July, 1,000 of them ordered again. In September, I think 850 of
them ordered again, right? So that surge business of $350 million to $360 million, will all of it replicate? I
mean we hope not, right? To some degree, we don't want to -- we'd like this whole COVID thing to back
off. But some of that is being replaced with regular-way business, with customers that we raised our
profile with that we didn't have that we now do, and we'll retain some of that.

And so the -- I suppose the quick answer is $350 million to $360 million, but I don't think that the whole
is going to be that big. But unfortunately, right now, I'm not really sure what that is at this point. We're
going to need more time to really sort of evaluate the data and understand the marketplace and how it
evolves. I think that's just a perspective that's worth providing.

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

The other wildcard you need to at least consider is when does -- the activity we're seeing in Q3 and the
activity we're seeing in Q4, when does that -- some of that subside and we get to whatever our new
normal of life in this world is, is it people over the age of 70 wearing masks a lot? I don't know. Is it more
sanitizing done? Or are we back in -- 2 years from now is it feel a lot like it felt a year ago. Only time will
tell.

Personally, what we've challenged our team to prepare themselves for is regardless of your opinion
on when a vaccine may or may not be available, and regardless of your opinion on how fast we can
produce, I mean, to provide vaccinations for the population that we have, not just in this country or in this
continent, but in this globe, is going to take time.

And I feel sufficient to say to our employees, we better plan on being in this kind of environment for at
least through another 12 months. And how it tweaks and changes and goes up and down between now
and then, time will tell, but that's where your head needs to be. And so if that's truly there, that tells me
there's going to be a certain level of this extra layer of safety in janitorial products, I believe, for quarters
to come.

And let's not forget as well because, obviously, I know the point of the question and understand that.
When we're comping against that product, we're also comping against a Fastener business that was down
17% -- 16%, 17% in the same period that...

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

And 7% this quarter.

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

And 7% this quarter, right? So I understand the point of the question, right? I mean, there certainly is a
difficult comparison to be had in Q2. But just bear in mind that we have an easy comparison in fasteners if
the market has come back at that point. And we do believe that we have picked up market share. And so
that $350 million to $360 million doesn't just go away completely because we picked up business we didn't
have in Q1 last year.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Michael McGinn of Wells Fargo.

Michael Lawrence McGinn
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 13, 2020

If I can start on the Onsites. Historically, your branch Onsite or consolidation efforts have been somewhat
mirrored by Onsite signings in those same markets or at least that's been my understanding. Given we're
in somewhat uncharacteristic times, what is the net impact on your SG&A this year? And maybe next year
as the signings pick back up? And do you see a void left in those markets or anything like that?

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

The void in the markets related to SG&A from what?

Michael Lawrence McGinn
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Yes. So the branch consolidations, they're accelerating where Onsites have decelerated. Historically, my
understanding has been you maybe consolidate a branch and a couple of those large customers served by
that branch are able to convert to an Onsite. Now this is different. Does that maybe kick start things again
in 2021?

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

So the first thing I would say is I wouldn't so explicitly tie branch closings to Onsite openings. I can't rule
out that there haven't been some branches that have been closed maybe in small markets where there's
very few customers because some Onsites have gotten created.

I think that probably has happened. But in general, they've been independent decisions. The decision to
close a branch has more often been because it's a smaller branch that maybe the path of scaling it doesn't
look today like it might have looked 5 years ago, 7 years ago when it got opened.

And the Onsite decision is similarly somewhat independent. So I would be cautious about tying those 2
explicitly together that way. I think that they're more independent than you're giving credit for.

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

The only place that you could make a link is roughly half of our branches, I think it's 55%, are in large
metropolitan areas with more than 0.5 million people. And so there, there is some connection, but it's not
-- think of it more as we open Onsites in a market like Minneapolis St. Paul. And we go directly engage
with customers Onsite. Over time, it might mean to serve the market in Minneapolis Saint Paul. Fewer
branches make sense because instead of having 30 or 40 branches in the market, we might have 15 to 20
branches in the market and 40 Onsites.

And so you're really morphing how you're approaching it, but it's more of a case of the one allowed the
other to operate in a different fashion it's more efficient.

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

So if you don't tie the openings and closings of the 2 together, does that change your question?

Michael Lawrence McGinn
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

No, I'm all said. Just -- I'll take it a different direction from here. So given that you were able to take some
early actions regarding stocking ahead of COVID and shown an attitude for skating to where the puck
is going, not where it is. And also trying to remain as apolitical as possible. You've always paid your fair
share of taxes, and you've also benefited from fair and open trade. So looking into '21, what is the most
important factor for your business in your mind?

Holden Lewis
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 13, 2020

I'll give mine and then Dan can give his, but I think it's reaccelerating the growth driver activity. And
again, part of that is simply when do customers reengage with us because that kind of shut down during
the second quarter as our customers are dealing with some more pressing issues at the time. But those
growth drivers are key to what allows us to gain market share.

And so when Dan talks about the hundreds, the 100 vending a day and the 100 Onsites a quarter, I think
sort of getting back to that level, give or take, of signings for our growth drivers is critical not only for
2021 growth, but probably more importantly for 2022, 2023, et cetera. I think -- we're built on growth
drivers and growth and those are sort of core to it. So that's, I think, a very important element of us -- for
us right now.

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

Michael, I love the way you asked the question. You're looking -- you have an apolitical question, looking
for an apolitical answer. I only wish our media on both sides of the fence could do the same. And from my
standpoint, we're a supply chain partner to our customers. We operate in the same environment all of our
peers do. We have no unique advantage or are not uniquely hurt by anything that changes, we react to it.
We reacted to COVID.

Because of our decentralized nature, because of our true belief in people and giving them the freedom to
make decisions, we just move faster because we're not looking -- everybody isn't looking to somebody
else to tell them what to do. We do and we support each other. And so if the trading patterns between
nations on the planet changes, we will morph to that change just like our industry will, and just like our
customers will, and the marketplace will.

And I think our actions over the last several years in a tariff environment and now in a COVID
environment demonstrate the sheer strength of the Fastenal distribution model as a supply chain partner
to our customers.

It is 5 minutes to. I think we have time for one quick question if there's one more.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Hamzah Mazari of Jefferies.

Hamzah Mazari
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

My quick question is, just at a high level, if you could just compare what does the sales cycle look like
today during COVID on Onsites? I know you mentioned sort of 62 signings, but -- versus pre-COVID.
Is the sales cycle just pushed out by a few months? Is it longer? Is it sort of an in-person type meeting
you have to have? Just give us a sense of, is there pent-up demand here from signings that were sort of
midway through that got essentially closed due to COVID and will reopen? Just any thoughts, high-level,
as to the sales cycle.

Daniel L. Florness
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I don't think the sales cycle has changed at all assuming you can do a sales cycle. And what I mean
by that is there's some business -- it is when times get crazy, some people kind of duck their head and
say, okay, let's figure out what we are. It's status. It's kind of like in the movie Apollo 13 when everything
is falling apart in the rocket going through the moon. Okay, guys, what's status? What do we have on the
ship that works?

And that's what a lot of companies go through as they kind of shut down and they say, okay, what are we
doing? And Fastenal, we're going to give you the Heisman and say we can't talk today. So it's not that the
sales cycle is drawn out. It might be the sales cycle doesn't occur.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 13, 2020

And so the real question is, when does it start to occur? I mean, one of the things that hurt us in 2020
on top of COVID is, an outgrowth of COVID was, we didn't have our normal customer expo in the spring,
which is a great igniter for change because you get a chance to really engage with folks, and you really
are able to talk about what we are.

We're not in the e-commerce platform. We're not somebody to hop on. And if we have it, great, and if we
don't, you're kind of SOL. We are your supply chain. And we'll find stuff for you. And so we're slowly -- our
customers are willing to take that call even if it's a virtual call.

It doesn't have to be in person. It's nice if it is, but it doesn't have to be. In some ways, we might move
faster in a virtual world because we're not waiting for a resource to be there, maybe somebody at the
plant can't make a meeting, but they can if it's done virtually.

And so in some ways, it might shorten the sales cycle. I do believe this. I believe it's expanded the
demand because the marketplace is more appreciative of a great supply chain partner after the last 6
months than maybe they were in the past, and when I say expand, my example earlier with government.
I think a lot of those folks would kind of look at us in the past and say, you want to what, that's different,
and we don't do different. And now they're looking at it and saying, we need to do different. We need to
embrace change. So I think it's expanded it.

I see we're at about 2 minutes before, so I won't give you a follow-up, sorry, but holding is available right
after the call.

I'd just like to close with my thanks to the Fastenal team for everything you've done, not just the last
3 months, but for the last 6 months, and frankly, for years. Many of you have been with us years, and
you've seen us through good times and bad. And we make -- we find success together. I want to thank
you our shareholders for participating today.

And in closing, on October 28, my wife and I will celebrate 25 years. And Jenn, thanks if you're listening.
Have a good day, everybody. Take care.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect
your lines or log off the webcast at this time, and have a wonderful day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

FASTENAL COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 13, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

