Facebook, Inc. NasdaqGS:FB
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, July 28, 2021 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

3.03

3.61

Revenue  (mm)

27890.41

29077.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-28-2021 3:47 AM GMT

19.14

4.25

2.91

13.09

15.07

28080.55

115852.59

137865.35

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.91

3.24

2.34

3.03

2.40

3.88

3.30

3.61

25.65 %

19.75 %

41.03 %

19.14 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
FACEBOOK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

David M. Wehner
Chief Financial Officer

Deborah T. Crawford
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Mark Elliot Zuckerberg
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Sheryl Kara Sandberg
COO & Director

ANALYSTS

Mark Stephen F. Mahaney
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Brent John Thill
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Michael Brian Nathanson
MoffettNathanson LLC

Ross Adam Sandler
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Youssef Houssaini Squali
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Brian Thomas Nowak
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Colin Alan Sebastian
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Douglas Till Anmuth
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

John Ryan Blackledge
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Justin Post
BofA Securities, Research Division

Mark Elliott Shmulik
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

FACEBOOK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon. My name is France, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would
like to welcome everyone to the Facebook Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions] This call will be recorded.

Ms. Deborah Crawford, Facebook's Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin.

Deborah T. Crawford
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Facebook's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Joining
me today to discuss our results are Mark Zuckerberg, CEO; Sheryl Sandberg, COO; and Dave Wehner,
CFO.

Before we get started, I would like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will
include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by
these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause these results to differ materially are set
forth in today's press release and in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC. Any forward-
looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we undertake no
obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events.

During this call, we may present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to
non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release. The press release and an accompanying
investor presentation are available on our website at investor.fb.com.

And now I'd like to turn the call over to Mark.

Mark Elliot Zuckerberg
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Hi, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. This was a good quarter for our product and business. There are
now more than 3.5 billion people who actively use one or more of our services. And I'm excited about our
product road map ahead.

I want to start today by discussing some of the themes that we're seeing in our major efforts around
creators, commerce and the next computing platform. Each of these areas is important and is going to
unlock a lot of value on its own, but they're also building blocks for the future of the Internet and the
future vision for our company. And I'll discuss that as well.

So first, let's talk about creators. Now we want our platforms to be the best place for millions of creators
to earn a living. And if we can do this, then our services will also have the best content across many
different types of media, from text and photos to audio, gaming and video. Video, in particular, is
becoming the primary way that people use our products and express themselves.

I know this is a theme that we've been talking about for a few years now, but we've been executing on
this for a while, and video has steadily become more important in our product. Video now accounts for
almost half of all time spent on Facebook, and Reels is already the largest contributor to engagement
growth on Instagram.

Across all forms of video, short-form video like Reels is growing especially quickly. We're very focused on
making it easy for anyone to create video and then for those videos to be viewed across all of our different
services, starting with Facebook and Instagram first.

Now people like to watch videos recommended by our personalized algorithms, so this gives creators a
good way to reach new people who don't follow them yet. And this is also a good complement to our social

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

FACEBOOK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

feeds, and it's an area where our progress in AI is going to make the experience a lot better in the coming
months and years.

On-demand video like in Facebook Watch is also growing quickly and is now growing faster than other
types of video or content in News Feed. We're building a number of new video monetization tools for
creators that can get compensated for making great content.

So for example, last year, people spent more than $50 million of stars to game stream creators going
live on Facebook alone. And now we're extending stars so fans can send them to any creator during on-
demand video as well.

I also want to call out live video for a moment. This is a smaller percent of our overall video on our
services, but it's some of the most unique content and gives creators a way to build community and
engage with their followers. And we're also focused on developing monetization tools like Live Breaks for
midroll ads and Live Shopping, so creators can make a living and engage their communities more deeply
in commerce with their content.

So overall, there's a lot more to do here. And as it becomes the majority of engagement across our
services in the coming years, we're going to continue to focus on that.

We're also focused on other types of creators beyond video. And some of the most interesting
emergent behavior that we're seeing is creators using a lot of different types of content to engage their
communities. So we've launched Live Audio Rooms this quarter as well as podcasts. We also launched
Bulletin, our publishing and subscription service for writers and with features to help them find and grow
their audiences, including integrations with Groups, Facebook Live and Live Audio Room.

To help grow the creator economy overall, we're going to keep our creator tools free to use through 2023.
And we recently announced that we are investing $1 billion in creators across Facebook and Instagram. So
I'm optimistic that creators will get more opportunities to do the work that they want, and that's going to
lead to people hearing lots of new voices across our different services.

The second area that I want to talk about today is commerce. Our goal here is to create better
experiences for people interacting with businesses and to help businesses grow even more on our
platform. Our approach is to work our way down the stack and build world-class services at every layer of
commerce, starting from discovery at the top of the stack all the way down to payments. And just like we
want to be the best place for millions of creators to make a living, we also want to be the best place for
businesses to grow as well.

We started here by building world-class ad tools to help businesses reach potential customers and help
people discover new products and services that they might like. But what we found is that when these ads
link off site, you often land on a web page that's not personalized or not optimized or where you have to
reenter your payment information, and that's not a good experience for people, and it doesn't lead to the
best results for businesses either.

So our next phase here is focused on building out Shops, Marketplace, business messaging in WhatsApp
and Messenger to create more native commerce experiences across our apps. There's a lot of work here to
do to support all of the business tools natively that already exist for the web.

But as we bring more of this online and enable more of this, it's going to create a superior consumer
experience, and it's going to convert better for businesses. This is going to lead to more businesses
investing and building out their presences across our services, and that will lead to even more diversity of
products for people to discover and interact with.

So this is a long-term strategy. It's going to take a while before it's meaningful, especially given the scale
of our ads business already, but I'm confident that it's the right long-term bet and product direction.

And as we work our way down the stack from discovery and ads to native commerce store front, we're
also making progress on payments at the same time. So WhatsApp Payments are now available to
everyone in Brazil as well as India. Lots of people are already using this as a simple and secure way to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

FACEBOOK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

send money to friends. We're adding new payments features in Messenger in the U.S. like QR codes. We
also just announced that we're making Facebook Pay available outside of our apps for the first time, which
means that you're going to start seeing it as a checkout option on the web and especially in web views
that you see within our app after clicking on ads or other business content.

The commerce experiences are now accessible across most of our services, and we have a full road map of
deeper integrations that I'm excited about in the months ahead.

The third area I want to talk about is building the next computing platform. We're continuing to invest very
heavily in building technology and products to deliver a full sense of presence. This is going to be critical
for unlocking the next generation of social Internet services. Quest 2, in particular, continues doing well,
and it keeps getting better monthly as we release regular software updates, including most recently, our
pass-through APIs, so developers can start building mixed-reality experiences on Quest.

The range of content and experiences that we're seeing keeps broadening as well to the point where
there are a lot of popular virtual reality experiences beyond games at this point. The most popular apps
on Quest are social, which fits our original thesis here that virtual reality will be a social platform. And
that's why we're so focused on building it. But we're also seeing compelling use cases in other forms of
entertainment as well as work, creativity and fitness.

Looking ahead here, the next product release will be the launch of our first smart glasses from Ray-Ban
in partnership with EssilorLuxottica. The glasses have their iconic form factor, and they let you do some
pretty neat things. So I'm excited to get those into people's hands and to continue to make progress on
the journey towards full augmented reality glasses in the future.

Now the areas that I've discussed today: creators, commerce and the next computing platform, they're
each important priorities for us, and they're each going to unlock a lot of value on their own. But together,
these efforts are also part of a much larger goal: to help build the metaverse. And I'll be sharing a lot
more about this in the months ahead. So I wanted to discuss this now so you can see the future that we're
working towards and how our major initiatives across the company are going to map to that.

So what is the metaverse? It's a virtual environment. We can be present with people in digital spaces. And
you can kind of think about this as an embodied Internet that you're inside of rather than just looking at.
And we believe that this is going to be the successor to the mobile Internet.

You're going to be able to access the metaverse from all different devices and different levels of fidelity
from apps on phones and PCs to immersive virtual and augmented reality devices. Within the metaverse,
you're going to be able to hang out, play games with friends, work, create and more. You're basically
going to be able to do everything that you can on the Internet today as well as some things that don't
make sense on the Internet today, like dancing.

The defining quality of the metaverse is presence, which is this feeling that you're really there with
another person or in another place. Creation, avatars and digital objects are going to be central to how we
express ourselves, and this is going to lead to entirely new experiences and economic opportunities.

I think that, overall, this is one of the most exciting projects that we're going to get to work on in our
lifetime. But it's going to take a lot of work. And no one company is going to be able to build this all by
themselves.

Part of what I've learned over the last 5 years is that we can't just focus on building great experiences, we
also need to make sure that we're helping to build ecosystems so millions of other people can participate
in the upside and opportunity of what we're all creating. There are -- going to need to be new protocols
and standards, new devices, new chips, new software from rendering engines to payment systems and
everything in between. And in order for the metaverse to fill its potential, we believe that it should be built
in a way that is open for everyone to participate.

I expect that this is going to create a lot of value for many companies up and down the stack, but it's also
going to require a very significant investment over many years. I see our focus here as a continuation of
our work to build technology that brings people together.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

FACEBOOK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

In many ways, the metaverse is the ultimate expression of social technology. Some of the experiences
that I've dreamed of building since well before I started Facebook are only starting to become possible
now. If you look at the investments that we've made over the years, you can see this vision gradually
starting to come to focus. And you can see why we're so excited about it.

So in addition to being the next generation of the Internet, the metaverse is also going to be the next
chapter for us as a company. And in the coming years, I expect people will transition from seeing us
primarily as a social media company to seeing us as a metaverse company. And there's a lot that we need
to do to get there. And there are going to be many exciting milestones along the way, including some
which we'll share in the months ahead.

But in the meantime, I just want to take a moment to thank everyone in our community, all of our
partners and employees and everyone who has supported us so far. I continue to be grateful to be on this
journey with all of you.

And now here is Sheryl.

Sheryl Kara Sandberg
COO & Director

[ Hi ], everyone. Thanks, Mark. I hope you're all safe and healthy.

This was a really strong quarter for our business. Our total revenue for Q2 was $29.1 billion, which is
a 56% year-over-year increase. We've seen strong growth in all regions and across most verticals. Our
strongest verticals are those that have performed well through the -- throughout the pandemic, including
e-commerce, retail and CPG. And we're also seeing continued recovery in others like travel that were hit
hard by COVID. Our performance continues to be driven by the ongoing digital transformation, which has
accelerated during the pandemic and our long-term investments in tools and products to help businesses
make the shift online.

Not long ago, it was much harder and much more expensive for businesses to create a digital presence,
take orders online and reach customers remotely. Our tools and products make these things easier
and more accessible. Businesses and creators can set up pages, profiles and shops from Facebook and
Instagram. They can engage with customers directly in groups or through Messenger and WhatsApp, and
they can tell their stories in creative ways with real stories or by going live on Facebook and Instagram.

With personalized ads, they can easily reach the people most likely to be interested in their products
or services for just a few dollars. This has helped so many businesses, especially small businesses, find
success when reaching people in person have been much harder.

A great example is The Pizza Cupcake, a family-owned baking business in New York City. They've been
selling at pop-up shops since 2018. But when COVID hit, pop-up locations shut down and catering events
canceled. So in March last year, they became an e-commerce business. In Q3, they tested their first
Facebook Ad campaigns in the New York Tri-State Area. And by the following quarter, ramped up their
budget to sell across 28 states. They since made 3 new hires and plan to start shipping nationwide this
year. They've expanded production, which has also led to jobs being created at fulfillment centers in
Maryland, Florida, Arizona and California.

We're constantly working to improve the effectiveness of our ad products to help businesses like The
Pizza Cupcake reach customers and get a great return on their investment. We're doing this through
investments in machine learning and monetization of newer surfaces like Stories and Reels. In all of this,
we're planning for the long term.

Mark talked about some of the key elements of our strategy going forward. So I'll focus on the strategy
for the ads business. If you think about the journey we've been on over the past decade or so, we started
with desktop ads on the right-hand side of people's feeds. Then consumers shifted to mobile, and we
put ads in News Feed. And quarter after quarter, year after year, as we've created great new consumer
products like Stories or Reels, we found the right way for advertisers to reach consumers within these

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

FACEBOOK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

products. And we're constantly working to make our ads deliver more for businesses and be more relevant
for people.

To support the growth of our ads business over the next 10 years, it's going to take a similar effort. We
need to build on our success by developing innovative new products and discovery experiences while
giving everyone more control over their personal information.

To build the next era of personalized experiences, we're focused on product innovations in 4 areas. The
first is discovery. We want to keep making our app the best places to discover products and businesses
you'll love. For example, we're testing a new experience in News Feed where you can tap to browse
content from businesses on topics like beauty, fitness or clothing. And we're using context to make
smarter recommendations about which ads to show. So if you're watching a travel video, we could show
ads for hotels and flights.

The second area is commerce, which Mark touched on a moment ago. We're building a modern
commerce system across ads, community tools, messaging, shops and payments. It's all about creating a
personalized, seamless customer journey where it's easier to discover products, buy it, pay for it and have
it delivered to your doorstep.

The third area is privacy-enhancing technologies. We know businesses are experiencing challenges
because of platform changes. We want to make sure they can continue getting great results through
privacy-safe, personalized ads long into the future. So we're collaborating across the industry to develop
new technologies to help minimize the amount of personal information we process while still allowing us to
show relevant ads and measure their effectiveness.

The fourth is building tools that help businesses beyond marketing. We want to help solve all kinds of
business needs, whether it's customer relationship management, business messaging tools or hiring
through Facebook jobs.

We're helping people run their business across our apps easily with Facebook Business Suite. We're
making it easier to message customers across our apps from a single interface. And we're expanding our
Messenger API for Instagram as customers increasingly rely on messaging instead of phone calls.

The digital transformation is a long-term trend that isn't going away. By focusing on innovation in these
4 areas, we will continue to help businesses of all sizes make the shift online and reach customers with
privacy-safe, personalized advertising.

As ever, I'm grateful to all the businesses who work with us, and I continue to be amazed by our teams all
over the world. Throughout this period, we've been really lucky to have so many brilliant people working
hard to keep people connected and help businesses survive and thrive online.

Now over to Dave.

David M. Wehner
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Sheryl, and good afternoon, everyone.

We delivered strong results in the second quarter as our services continue to help millions of businesses
reach customers around the world. Let's begin with our community metrics.

We estimate that approximately 2.8 billion people used at least 1 of our services on a daily basis in June
and that approximately 3.5 billion people used at least 1 on a monthly basis. Our global community
continue to grow even as we lapped elevated user growth in the second quarter of last year related to the
pandemic.

Facebook daily active users reached 1.91 billion, up 7% or 123 million compared to last year. DAUs
represented approximately 66% of the 2.9 billion monthly active users in June. MAUs grew by 194 million
or 7% compared to last year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

FACEBOOK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Turning to the financials. All comparisons are on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise noted. Q2 total
revenue was $29.1 billion, up 56% or 50% on a constant currency basis. We benefited from a currency
tailwind. And had foreign exchange rates remained constant with Q2 of last year, total revenue would have
been $982 million lower. On a 2-year basis, Q2 total revenue growth decelerated to 72% from 74% in the
first quarter.

Q2 ad revenue was $28.6 billion, up 56% or 51% on a constant currency basis. The macroeconomic
environment for online advertising remains very strong. As Sheryl noted, the growth in the advertising
revenue was largely driven by verticals that have performed well during the pandemic such as online
commerce and consumer packaged goods. In addition, we have -- we saw improved growth trends in
verticals that were particularly challenged during the pandemic, such as travel, entertainment and media.

On a user geography basis, ad revenue growth accelerated in all regions as we lapped the strongest
quarter of last year, this is the second quarter of last year, which was the period hardest hit by the
pandemic. Growth was strongest in the Rest of World at 86%. Europe, Asia Pacific and the U.S. and
Canada grew 63%, 56% and 48%, respectively. Europe, Asia Pacific and Rest of World, all benefited from
currency tailwinds.

In Q2, the total number of ad impressions served across our services increased 6% and the average price
per ad increased 47%. Impression growth was primarily driven by developing markets, especially in Asia
Pacific, while pricing growth benefited from broad-based strength in advertiser demand. Recall that in the
second quarter of 2020, the effects of the pandemic contributed to elevated impressions and depressed
prices, which we are now lapping.

Other revenue was $497 million, up 36%. Other revenue growth continues to be driven by Quest 2 sales,
though the rate of growth slowed in the second quarter as we entered a seasonally slower sales period.
We also recorded a revenue adjustment for returns related to the Quest 2 foam facial interface recall.

Turning now to expenses. Q2 total expenses were $16.7 billion, up 31% compared to last year. In terms
of the specific line items: cost of revenue increased 41% driven by consumer hardware costs, payments
partners and core infrastructure investments. R&D increased 37%, driven primarily by hiring to support
our core products and consumer hardware efforts. Marketing and sales increased 15%, mainly driven by
hiring and marketing spend. Lastly, G&A expenses increased 23% driven mostly by employee-related costs
and legal expenses.

We added over 2,700 net new hires in Q2, primarily in technical functions. We ended the quarter with
over 63,400 full-time employees, up 21% compared to last year. Second quarter operating income was
$12.4 billion, representing a 43% operating margin. Our tax rate was 17%. Net income was $10.4 billion
or $3.61 per share. Capital expenditures, including capital leases, were $4.7 billion, driven by investments
in data centers, servers, network infrastructure and office facilities. Free cash flow was $8.5 billion. We
repurchased $7.1 billion of our Class A common stock in the second quarter, and we ended the quarter
with $64.1 billion in cash and marketable securities.

In terms of our sustainability efforts, we remain focused on achieving our goal to reach net zero emissions
for our entire value chain in 2030. In June, we released our second annual sustainability report, which
details our work towards achieving our objectives.

Turning now to the outlook. Similar to the second quarter, we expect that advertising revenue growth will
be primarily driven by year-over-year advertising price increases during the rest of 2021. In the third and
fourth quarters of 2021, we expect year-over-year total revenue growth rates to decelerate significantly
on a sequential basis as we lap periods of increasingly strong growth. When viewing growth on a 2-year
basis to exclude the impacts from lapping the COVID recovery, we expect [ year -- over 2-year ] total
revenue growth rates to decelerate modestly in the second half compared to the second quarter rate.

We continue to expect increasing ad targeting headwinds in 2021 from regulatory and platform changes,
notably the recent iOS updates, which we expect to have a more significant impact in the third quarter
compared to the second quarter. As noted in recent earnings calls, we continue to monitor developments

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

FACEBOOK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

related -- regarding the viability of transatlantic data transfers and their potential impact on our European
operations.

Turning now to expenses. We expect 2021 total expenses to be in the range of $70 billion to $73
billion, unchanged from our prior outlook. The year-over-year growth in expenses is driven primarily by
investments in technical and product talent, infrastructure and consumer hardware-related costs. Our
expenses -- our expense outlook reflects our commitment to invest ahead of the compelling long-term
growth opportunities we see across our product portfolio.

We expect 2021 capital expenditures to be in the range of $19 billion to $21 billion, unchanged from our
prior estimate. Our capital expenditures are driven primarily by our investments in data centers, servers,
network infrastructure and office facilities. We expect our full year 2021 tax rate to be in the high teens.

In closing, we are pleased with the strong performance of our business and remain committed to
innovating on behalf of the people and businesses who use our services around the world.
With that, France, let's open up the call for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

FACEBOOK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley.

Brian Thomas Nowak
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I have 2. The first one on shopping and sort of all the Instagram and Facebook shopping efforts. You've
been sort of at this for over a year now. And Mark, I thought your comments about, "It's going to take a
before it's meaningful," tonight were somewhat meaningful. Talk to us about sort of what are 1 or 2 of the
key execution areas you really need to overcome to make the shopping opportunity really be larger for the
company over the next few years.

And then secondly, on the creator economy, there's a lot of different platforms with reach and algorithms
sort of attacking this creator economy. Maybe just help us better understand a little bit the way you intend
to really compete for creators to bring more exclusive content to your platform.

Mark Elliot Zuckerberg
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Sure. I think I can probably take both of those. On commerce, I think the main thing to keep in mind
is just the ads business is so large that it's going to take a long time before anything that we do with
commerce is going to be particularly meaningful at scale. But I think overall, the strategy is really to work
our way down the funnel from discovery and all the things that were already world-class that -- with ads
to making it so that those ads increasingly point to shops across our different services. In order to do that,
each layer of the funnel that we're working on, we want to be world class on its own, which means that
basically, there's this whole long tail of functionality that businesses have come to expect on the web and
from other tools, and we need to make sure that, that's available for shops and business messaging and
all the tools, whether we do that through partnerships with other e-commerce companies or building it up
ourselves.

So it's -- we're seeing meaningful improvements every quarter in this in terms of how effective these are.
There are already a pretty meaningful number of merchants and people who are using Shops, and we
expect this to compound over the coming years. But I just think in terms of the scale of the ads business
that we're starting at, I just think realistically, we shouldn't expect that this is going to be a meaningful
driver of our business or profitability in the near term. It's just going to take a while for that compounding
to become meaningful numbers.

But I think the strategy is the right one. It's creating a better product experience for people. When you
click on an ad or when you engage with a business, it's just going to be much better to do that natively,
whether you're in Instagram or Facebook or WhatsApp or whatever you're using, than go to a website that
doesn't have your payment information and it isn't personalized. So I think we're on the right path here,
and we're focused on compounding this as quickly as we can.

I guess for the second question on the creator economy, I mean, yes, there are a number of different
companies that are focused on this. I'd say there are a couple of things here that are interesting
properties of this. One is that if you're a creator and you're trying to get your content out there and you're
trying to make a living, you want to be in all these different platforms. So I think a lot of what we're trying
to do is it's not necessarily the case that people are going to be on one platform versus another. We just
want to make it so that the creators have their best content here and that we can help them make a living
better than other platforms. And we think that if we do, we'll have an advantage on content over the long
term. But it's not like we fundamentally have to win creators over from another place.

Our monetization tools, I think, are a pretty big advantage that we bring to the table. Our advertising is
world-class. So the ability to basically help creators make more money from the work that they're already

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

FACEBOOK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

doing, I think it's something that we should really be able to bring those set of tools to the table. We also
have a lot of distribution that -- and ability to -- for people to find their communities and help personalize
recommendations to help connect people with the people who are going to be interested in their content.

So I bet that is -- that's some of what we're seeing and why a lot of creators are excited about the work
that we're doing. And over the long term, I think if we're able to make it so that millions of creators are
able to make a living across our platforms, I think that that's just going to mean that there's going to be
a long-term breadth and healthy set of content across the systems that I think is going to be increasingly
important, especially as video becomes more important on our platforms, like what we're seeing both with
Watch and Reels now.

David M. Wehner
Chief Financial Officer

And France, we can go ahead and take the next question.

Operator

Our next question is from Justin Post with Bank of America.

Justin Post
BofA Securities, Research Division

Maybe one for Dave and one for Mark. First on the DAUs, you're kind of back where you were in Q1 last
year for U.S. and Europe. How do you feel about how reopening is affecting activity? And penetration
levels today, where could they go from here?

And then, Mark, really appreciate all the commentary on meta universe. I think some companies would
build them private. I appreciate the thoughts around that. Maybe first, what's kind of the business model
on a very high level? And second, what kind of disclosures could we see on expenses around AR, VR? It
looks like maybe up to 20% of job openings are Oculus. So it looks like the investments already started. I
was wondering if you might be able to -- how you're thinking about giving us updates around that.

David M. Wehner
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Thanks, Justin. On the DAU front, we are seeing those trends being impacted by COVID. That's
especially noticeable in some of the larger markets where we have high levels of penetration like North
America and Europe.

And I'd say in North America, given our high level of penetration, we do expect sort of MAU and DAU
levels to sort of bounce around from quarter-to-quarter given kind of how significantly penetrated we are
in that market.

And then in Europe, we're seeing a combination of seasonal slowness as well as COVID-related softness
when we saw restriction ease -- restrictions ease. Obviously, with Delta, we might see other trends. It's
hard to predict how that's going to play out in this cycle. But that's kind of the best read on it I can give
you at this point.

Mark Elliot Zuckerberg
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Sure. And on the metaverse point, what we're primarily focused on here, before I get into the business
model, our basic playbook as a company is build products that get to scale, especially social products. It's
important that the people you want to interact with are there. So we're going to focus on having hundreds
of millions of people use the metaverse and the new platforms that we're building before we really turn
this into what I expect to be a very important and big part of the business.

But overall -- and I think that there's -- as we embark on this next chapter, ads are going to continue
being an important part of the strategy across the social media parts of what we do, and it will probably
be a meaningful part of the metaverse, too. I think commerce is going to be increasingly important,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

FACEBOOK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

which is why we're -- one of the reasons why we're focused on this across our current apps and the
current economy. But I think digital goods and creators are just going to be huge, right, in terms of people
expressing themselves through their avatars, through digital clothing, through digital goods, the apps that
they have, that they bring with them from place to place. A lot of the metaverse experience is going to be
around being able to teleport from one experience to another. So being able to basically have your digital
goods and your inventory and bring them from place to place, I think that's going to be a big investment
that people make.

And our focus for now is really on helping to develop the community, helping to develop the number
of people who -- and grow the number of people who can be in these metaverse experiences and can
experience in these next computing platforms like virtual and augmented reality. And that's, I think, what
you should expect us to focus on over the next period. But over the long term, I think that there's going to
be a very big digital economy around this. And that's what we're primarily going to be shooting for.

Our business model isn't going to primarily be around trying to sell devices at a large premium or
anything like that because our mission is around serving as many people as possible. So we want to make
everything that we do as affordable as possible, so as many people as possible can get into it and then
compounds the size of the digital economy inside it.

So that's kind of at a high level how I'm thinking about this. And I'm happy to talk about this more as we
continue to evolve the investment. And Dave can speak about the expenses and disclosures and all that.
But I will note that I appreciate the ingenuity and cleverness of looking to our job descriptions to -- just to
see where we're investing. This is a big focus, as I called out in my comments at the beginning.

David M. Wehner
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. And Justin, I mean, obviously, from a capital allocation perspective, our overall focus is on growth.
And we've repeatedly called out that as it relates to our investments in innovation, FRL is a big focus area
for us and a major investment driver in our expense outlook. So we have mentioned that we're investing
billions of dollars annually, and we expect to invest in this area for the foreseeable future. As we make
progress towards building this next computing platform, there's a lot of hard work that needs to be done,
but it is a big focus, but we haven't provided any more granularity on it.

Okay, France, the -- you can go ahead and go to the next question, please.

Operator

Our next question is from Doug Anmuth with JPMorgan.

Douglas Till Anmuth
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I'm going to go 2 for Dave. Just first on the mix of slower impression growth and then with price as the
driver here for the year, is there anything else that we should be thinking about beyond the comps from
last year? And how do you think about expanding surfaces to create more ad inventory going forward?

And then secondly, just curious if your view on ATT has changed over the past 3 months at all? And if you
could comment at all just early on, on some of your mitigation efforts and what you're seeing there.

David M. Wehner
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Sure, Doug. In terms of impression growth, we had called out last quarter that we would expect for
the remainder of 2021 for pricing to be a bigger driver of growth. So -- and mentioned at that time, there
were a few factors driving it. The biggest factor is lapping the COVID engagement that we saw that was
particularly pronounced in North America where we saw more engagement related to the lockdowns and
higher impression growth last year. So that is one of the big factors.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

FACEBOOK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

The other factor that we're seeing is a shift towards video, both for our products and other products.
And that's just generally a big trend in the market, and that tends to have a -- lower impressions per
the amount of engagement than things like News Feed. So kind of both those things are factors, but the
COVID factor is the one that I would call out.

And when you think about how we're expanding services to create more ad inventory, I would say that
we've got a number of impression growth opportunities. We've seen growing impression contributions
from new services like Instagram Explore broadly within video, Marketplace. And then when we look
forward, I think Reels is a really significant future opportunity. We've only just really begun to make ads
available globally on Reels.

So when you kind of look at all of these different services, we think there are a lot of good growth
opportunities. They're still small in absolute size compared to things like Feed and Stories, but big
opportunities for growth.

In terms of your question on ATT, so the impact from the ATT changes has really generally been in line
with our expectation. We're obviously benefiting, as others are, from a very strong macro environment for
advertising. But look, this has been very challenging for advertisers to navigate, and we're working with
them to help them navigate these changes. And we've introduced solutions to help them do that through
approaches like our Aggregated Events Management API, which is aggregated data for targeting and
measurement. Obviously, we're doing a lot of work on using machine learning and AI to help rank apps
and make them more valuable. But overall, we do think there are opportunities to continue to improve our
capabilities through investments in areas like machine learning and AI to make ads more effective. And if
we can get advertisers to get the same number of conversions from fewer ads, that's great. That works for
them, and it creates more value for the ads for us.

Okay, France, we can go to the next question.

Operator

Our next question is from Mark Mahaney with Evercore ISI.

Mark Stephen F. Mahaney
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Okay. Two questions, please. Back on the metaverse investments, Dave, will you take a swing at that
question about how much expense associated with building out the metaverse that investors should
expect? We came up with our own crude numbers of maybe $5 billion a year. Are we anywhere, ballpark,
close on that?

And then given the rise in pricing, just to address the issue. I know you've done it in the past, the extent
to which that's had a material impact on ROI for marketers. I know it's an auction-based system. But as
prices rise, is there -- should -- is there any reason to be concerned about whether there will be some
marketers that would be priced out because of that and create less optimal outcomes for your platform?

David M. Wehner
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Sure, Mark. And I can certainly hit this with Justin's earlier question. We haven't given a specific
breakout on what we're investing in FRL. It's obviously a significant investment. We've categorized it
as billions and so your number is billions. So it's consistent with us saying billions. But beyond that, we
don't have any more specificity to give, but it is certainly a significant investment. And I would say that is
inclusive, obviously, of all of the efforts we're making across FRL, not just the metaverse.

And then on pricing and ROI, Sheryl, you might be able to give some color on that as well. You're muted,
Sheryl.

Hang on a second.

Sheryl Kara Sandberg

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

FACEBOOK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

COO & Director

Sorry. On pricing and ROI, the beauty of an auction is that people can see the prices they're paying.
They're able to measure the results, and then bid appropriately. As people get more specific, more
personalized, more targeted in what they're doing, even if prices are rising, they can find the buys within
the system network for them. And the good news is that's good pressure in the system because it makes
the ads more relevant for the people who are seeing them.

Once you are really incentivized within an auction to find the thing that is returning for you, that's actually
almost always the thing that is the most relevant for people who are seeing the ads. And I think that's
been a good system and good pressure within the system going forward.

We're certainly seeing our large brand advertisers continue to spend and get better at using
personalization in our ad formats. And we're seeing small advertisers be able to compete very effectively.
Doesn't mean that rising prices aren't an issue sometimes. But I think overall, this is where the auction
system serves us well and most importantly, serves consumers well.

David M. Wehner
Chief Financial Officer

Great, France, we can go to the next question.

Operator

Our next question is from Youssef Squali with Truist.

Youssef Houssaini Squali
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Two questions, please. First, with Mark -- for Mark, maybe going back to the metaverse vision. How much
of the building blocks that you need to basically build this future is within your control versus maybe
pieces that other areas need to build, I'm thinking particularly around the hardware side because just
listening to you, it seems like this is more of a communal thing that many, many, many people, many
parties, even maybe some walled gardens would need to kind of open up to embrace this. Just wondering
how you kind of look at that.

And then maybe Dave or maybe Sheryl, I was -- I want to go back to the impact of iOS 14.5 on target in
general, but maybe DR in particular. We heard from several marketers throughout the quarter that they
had pulled back, not just on Facebook, but really across the board on some ad formats like app-installed
ads because of ATT. I was wondering if you can maybe speak to DR versus brand.

Mark Elliot Zuckerberg
Founder, Chairman & CEO

I can start off with the metaverse question. I do think that this is going to be a macro wave overall
that a lot of companies are going to be able to ride and benefit from. So whether that's companies like
NVIDIA that are building a lot of the graphics chips that are going to be really important for a lot of the
content that I think is going to be increasingly graphically intense, that's -- certainly, building those kind of
graphics chips is not a thing that we're intending to get into. So we're certainly counting on companies like
that in the industry to kind of continue improving and compounding overall.

But on the hardware side, I would say that we have a pretty big program on building virtual and
augmented reality devices. And I mean sure, a lot of people are still going to be using phones and
computers for a long time. But I think when it gets to what are the devices that are going to deliver the
deepest sense of presence and that are going to be increasingly important over the next decade, we're
certainly investing in that because we want to make sure that those develop in a way that's in line with
the vision of these platforms helping people to interact with each other and socialize. And that means
prioritizing certain feature development or certain sensors in the devices that we want to make sure that
we can help push that in a direction that will help leave these to become a very social platform.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

FACEBOOK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

So overall, I do think this is going to be a big space. The point that I was making is that I think there are
going to be a lot of winners. And there's -- and this is going to be not something that one company builds
alone, but I think it is going to be a whole ecosystem that needs to develop. But we're certainly making a
lot of the key investments that we need to make in the foundational technology to be able to deliver the
parts that we want to.

David M. Wehner
Chief Financial Officer

Why don't -- Youssef, why don't I start off on it and then if Sheryl wants to add any color, she can jump in
and add that. So in terms of Facebook Ads performing well in both direct response and brand this quarter,
we continue to see solid growth across both direct response and brand. And direct response continues to
be the bulk of our business and the primary driver of growth, but we did see a nice rebound consistent
with others in the market of brand spend back on platform. And brand obviously took a big hit on a year-
ago basis. Really saw a bigger pullback in brand. And so brand came back more strongly than DR.

But DR is still doing quite well. We're seeing a lot of the categories that led during the pandemic continue
to do well, and those are all highly DR-centric verticals like commerce. So continuing to see good
performance there.

Sheryl Kara Sandberg
COO & Director

The only thing I'll add is that increasingly, the brand/DR distinction is less and less traditional. Large brand
advertisers that have done brand advertising for a very long time, are increasingly learning to do direct
response ads and use our different formats and use our different measurement tools.

So even the categories that people are used to thinking about, I think it's more the buy than the
advertiser. As our largest brand advertisers, I think many of them are becoming increasingly proficient and
effective in what would traditionally be considered DR advertising.

David M. Wehner
Chief Financial Officer

France, you can go ahead and go to the next question, please.

Operator

Our next question is from Ross Sandler with Barclays.

Ross Adam Sandler
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Just one question for Mark or Dave, I guess, a follow-up on the creator economy topic. So YouTube pays
$0.50 on every dollar to the creator, about $15 billion or so this year. So I guess, Dave, what's the view on
the financial model and how that might change as you guys lean in, in this area? I know that influencers
are getting paid maybe not directly by Facebook today, but by other folks to post things on Facebook. So
I guess in the new world, are we looking at lower margins and other things that might offset that, like
higher engagement? And then is the creator content going to be on just the new surfaces like Reels? Or is
it likely to proliferate everywhere, including like the News Feeds on [ blue ] and Instagram?

David M. Wehner
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, Ross, I can take that. I think it's a question of definition as well. I mean we already, like YouTube, pay
a lot out to the creative industry more broadly as opposed to specific individual creators. So for instance,
we pay to -- on the music licensing front, we do a fair amount of that. There's significant payments we
make there above and beyond what we're talking about with the $1 billion commitment to creators that
Mark outlined.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

FACEBOOK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

This is obviously something that is part of the cost structure, but it's something that we've long had in our
outlook. So I don't think it's a meaningful change in the business model or outlook, but it is something
that we're committed to helping people continue to build vibrant communities and businesses on our
platform just like we have with advertising.

So France, you can go ahead and go to the next question, please. Thank you.

Operator

Our next question is from Mark Shmulik with Alliance Bernstein (sic) [ Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC ].

Mark Elliott Shmulik
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

A couple for Sheryl or Dave. The first on Reels ads, a lot of talk around kind of the upgrade cycle to video
and any color you can share around the engagement, traction or effectiveness of kind of video ads on that
type of a platform?

And secondly, with 1.2 million stores now on Shop, specifically those selling on Facebook, are there any
learnings or noticeable differences in the effectiveness of the ad -- of their advertising or conversion rates?

Sheryl Kara Sandberg
COO & Director

I can start by talking about Reels ads. Our process has been -- as I talked about, we roll out consumer
products and then we find the right ad format, so that businesses can take those opportunities as well.
And I think that's what we're seeing.

We now have Reels ads available to advertisers in almost all markets where Reels is live. It's a pretty
similar format to Stories. It's full screen and in between Reels videos up to 30 seconds. We think it's
a pretty natural fit in Reels. It's a really great discovery surface. And we're seeing engagements and
effectiveness parallel to some of our other products. And we're really pleased with that. It's still early, but
we think this has a lot of potential.

Do you want me to take the second question?

David M. Wehner
Chief Financial Officer

Either way, Sheryl. I'd take it, if you want.

Sheryl Kara Sandberg
COO & Director

Go ahead, Dave. Yes.

David M. Wehner
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So Mark, on the second question, we're obviously very focused on making sure that our ads are
effective, and we've got good conversion rates for our advertising partners. So part of what we're doing
there, and Mark talked about this in the Q1 call, is making sure that the ad units optimize for whichever
experience is converting the best.

So if you've got a store, a shop on Facebook or Instagram, is that converting better? Or is your own
web store converting better? And then that allows us to also just get better at making our Shops more
effective. And so we want to do what's best for the advertiser and also continue to make our online and
our own Shops more effective. So no specific numbers to share there, but we're continuing to work to
make our Shops convert better.

And France, we can go ahead and go to the next question, please.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

FACEBOOK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Operator

Our next question is from Brent Thill with Jefferies.

Brent John Thill
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Dave, just the modest deceleration to your stack, there are a lot of investor questions. Do you mean more
2 or 3 points or -- decel? Or is it more 5 to 7? Any more granularity you can add to what that modest
decel looks like would be extremely helpful.

David M. Wehner
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Brent. We didn't provide specific guidance on it. We obviously saw a deceleration from Q1 to Q2
from 74% to 72%. And we expect modest deceleration in the second half of the year, but we haven't put a
specific number on that.

And France, you can go ahead and go to the next question.

Operator

Our next question is from John Blackledge with Cowen.

John Ryan Blackledge
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Two questions. On the iOS changes, any color on the opt-in rates for Facebook and Instagram? Are they
kind of in line, better or worse than your expectations at this point?

And then on OpEx at the midpoint of the guide implies 39% growth in second half versus 28% in the first
half. Just any color on key drivers of the accelerating OpEx growth in the back half of the year.

David M. Wehner
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, yes. Thanks, John. On the iOS changes, really very much in line with expectations on things like opt-
in rates. So I would say, overall, the impact has been in line with our expectations. So not a huge surprise
there. We're not fully rolled out with those changes, but Q3 will have the impact, more or less, of those
being fully rolled out.

And then in terms of the OpEx guide, yes, we do expect accelerating expense growth in the back half of
2021, and we're going to see that in areas like consumer marketing. So some of the nonheadcount-related
spend we expect to accelerate in the back half of the year. So that's the expectation on that front.

And France, we can go to the next question, please.

Operator

Our next question is from Colin Sebastian with Baird.

Colin Alan Sebastian
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Great. Maybe a couple of higher-level questions, really coming out of F8 refresh. First off, can you talk
about the integration of messaging across the family of apps and how the opening of messaging APIs is
adding functionality to apps and if this is contributing incrementally to more business activity through
messaging?

And then with advanced AI and machine learning now seemingly table stakes for most platform
companies, Mark, I'm just kind of curious if this is still a significant competitive advantage for you, in your

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

FACEBOOK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

view. And based on what you heard at F8, I wonder how important a product like PyTorch is in terms of
moving faster and new product development, things like that.

Mark Elliot Zuckerberg
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Sure. I can take both of those. So in terms of messaging, we're working on cross-app communication
between them, business messaging APIs. I mean a lot of this is very much -- the business messaging, I
think, is going to be an important part of commerce and helping people interact with businesses in a way
that is natural to them. The cross-app communication in terms of helping people reach people wherever
they are, it kind of fits into this vision that we have for the future of people being able to easily teleport
between experiences that I think is going to be increasingly important as we move towards the metaverse.
People are going to need messaging services, they're -- that's going to continue to be a core way that
people communicate. People are going to want to reach the people they care about no matter what service
they're on and be able to move between these.

So when I talk about kind of interoperability and moving more there in the future, we're trying to get our
core experiences today aligned with that as well. The other thing I'd say on messaging is -- the connect to
the business today is that click-to-messaging ads are one of the parts of the ad business that is growing
quickly and doing quite well. And part of that is because even if we're not charging a lot directly for the
messaging APIs for businesses that if the interactions between people and businesses end up helping
businesses convert better and drive more sales, then business is naturally going to want to pay to have
their ads point towards that rather than other services that we may not control or that may be a worse
experience. So that's on the messaging side.

On the AI side, I think this is a really good question. It's probably something that doesn't come up as
much on these earnings calls is it probably should for how important of a driver of the progress in AI is for
our overall results. One of the things that I've observed in just running the business over the last couple
of years is there's a lot of focus on kind of different headwinds that we may face, whether it's from other
platforms or regulation or different things.

But one of the areas that I think has routinely outperformed our expectations is progress on AI. And we
don't have a single product, which is like an AI product that's sort of the embodiment of all the AI work.
That's not something that we've done yet. But we basically -- we have a very large investment in AI and
we build out this platform that then all of our products use. So when we make foundational improvements,
it makes ranking better in News Feed and in Reels and in ads, and it makes our spam detection and our
integrity systems more effective at identifying stuff. Everything just gets better. And this has really been
one of the big tailwinds or waves that we've been riding.

And just from what I can see technologically on the horizon, it really doesn't seem like this is going to be
slowing down anytime soon. And I don't think that this is a Facebook-specific thing. I think that this is
probably across the whole industry or maybe even across the whole economy more broadly. But I do think
that the progress that's being made at the fundamental levels with AI is driving a lot of progress and is
one of the important macro effects that we're seeing.

For PyTorch specifically, I mean it certainly helps that the framework that we use to develop our AI work
is one that's embraced by the community. So a lot of times when we go to spin up a new project, it's --
there will already have been some team that contributed an open-source library to it, and that makes it
easy. So I think that there certainly are dividends that we get from having developed or helped develop
PyTorch to become an increasing standard, especially among researchers. And it's certainly an area that
we're going to focus on, on investing more in. I think that the core AI platform is just an important part of
the progress that we're seeing overall.

David M. Wehner
Chief Financial Officer

And France, I think we have time for one last question.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

FACEBOOK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Very good. Then our last question will be from the line of Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson.

Michael Brian Nathanson
MoffettNathanson LLC

One for Sheryl and one for Dave. Sheryl, in the past, I've asked this question, but now we're seeing it. So
postpandemic, there's been a real weakness in TV impressions. And those TV dollars are going, it looks
like, to AVOD and YouTube. So can you talk a bit about your vision for video and how they may sink with
the opportunity to maybe grab some of those TV dollars? And would you expand the definition of creators
to include premium video content or sports?

And then for you, Dave, following up on Doug's question, can you talk a bit -- I know it's early about the
learnings from your Aggregated Event Measurement, what has been the impact on things like signal loss,
ROI or spending from those who've used it in the early days?

Sheryl Kara Sandberg
COO & Director

So I can talk about video ads. So we're seeing very strong growth in video monetization across Watch,
Feed, Reels. And we think we're continually getting better at monetizing video, but they are still
monetizing at lower rates versus Feed, Stories, but we have a lot here. We have 2 billion people watching
in-stream ad eligible videos per month.

Mobile-first video is increasing, meaning even brand advertisers are getting better at doing mobile-
first video. And certainly, we think advertisers are looking for the best place to reach audiences, and we
compare very favorably across the board.

I'll share really, I think, a cool recent example. Walmart, a very -- a large advertiser, engaged Ree
Drummond, who's The Pioneer Woman cooking show host, to host their first Live Shopping event. And
the event was to launch her Walmart exclusive line of home and fashion products. And they used a mix of
our personal ads to drive awareness to a Live Shopping event and then reengaged with viewers after the
purchase, and they had really great results across the board. They ran part of that live as video ads and
resulted in thousands of engagements, a lot of engagement with people and sales.

And so I think that's a good example of our products like Live, combined with the use of video on our
platform, combined with people taking an opportunity for video ads and putting it all together in ways I
think will compete very favorably with older formats like TV.

David M. Wehner
Chief Financial Officer

And Michael, I'll take the second question. I don't have specific data to share, but I mean I -- just
contextually, the work that we're doing with the Aggregated Events Management API is part of the broader
work that we're doing to rebuild meaningful elements of our ad tech so that our system can continue to
perform while having access to less data in the future. And it really dovetails into some of the work that
Mark was talking about with machine learning and AI because that's going to be an important part of
being able to make better use of less data. And so again, why having access to the ML and AI capabilities
that we have with Facebook are -- is going to be so important to the future and maintaining and growing
the efficacy of ads.

So I think broadly, we're pleased with the progress we're making on this. It is disruptive for advertisers to
have to go through the process of also learning how to retool. So I don't want to lessen the impact this is
having on our advertisers. I think it is a challenging period for them, and we're trying to help them work
through it as effectively as we can.

So with that, I think we are done. So thank you, everybody, for joining us on the call today, and hope
everybody stays safe.

Operator
And this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

FACEBOOK, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

