Facebook, Inc. NasdaqGS:FB
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, April 29, 2020 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.57

1.71

Revenue  (mm)

20897.21

17212.23

0.00

3.05

8.52

7.03

70493.18

74045.40

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-29-2020 6:36 AM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.60

1.88

1.88

2.57

1.89

1.99

2.12

2.56

18.12 %

5.85 %

12.77 %

(0.39 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
FACEBOOK, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

David M. Wehner
Chief Financial Officer

Deborah T. Crawford
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Mark Elliot Zuckerberg
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Sheryl Kara Sandberg
COO & Director

ANALYSTS

Brian Thomas Nowak
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Colin Alan Sebastian
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Youssef Houssaini Squali
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey,
Inc., Research Division

Douglas Till Anmuth
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Eric James Sheridan
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Justin Post
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Mark Stephen F. Mahaney
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Ross Adam Sandler
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

FACEBOOK, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon. My name is Mike, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like
to welcome everyone to the Facebook First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference call. [Operator Instructions]
This call will be recorded. Thank you very much. Ms. Deborah Crawford, Facebook's Vice President of
Investor Relations, you may begin.

Deborah T. Crawford
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Facebook's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call.
Joining me today to discuss our results are Mark Zuckerberg, CEO; Sheryl Sandberg, COO; and Dave
Wehner, CFO.

Before we get started, I would like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will
include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by
these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause these results to differ materially are set
forth in today's press release and in our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. Any forward-
looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we undertake no
obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events.

During this call, we may present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to
non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release. The press release and an accompanying
investor presentation are available on our website at investor.fb.com.

Finally, we hope that everyone listening today is staying safe. The vast majority of us at Facebook are
working productively from home, and everyone on this call this afternoon has dialed in remotely.

And now I'd like to turn the call over to Mark.

Mark Elliot Zuckerberg
Founder, Chairman & CEO

All right. Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Before we get started, I also just want to say that I know
that this is a very hard time for a lot of people. I know a lot of you are calling in from New York, where
this has been particularly tough, although almost everyone has been affected by what's going on in some
way. So I just want to start by acknowledging that, and taking a moment to thank everyone working on
the front lines to help all of us get through this.

There is a lot of uncertainty now about the world and what it will look like over the coming months. And
Sheryl and Dave are going to give some more context on what that means for our business. The impact on
our business has been significant. And I remain very concerned that this health emergency and, therefore,
the economic fallout will last longer than people are currently anticipating. And while there are massive
societal costs, from the current shelter in place restrictions, I worry that reopening certain places too
quickly before infection rates have been reduced to very minimal levels, will almost guarantee future
outbreaks and worse longer-term health and economic outcomes.

So with that said, I want to use this time today to discuss how we're responding to COVID, what we're
seeing across our services and some reflections on how we plan to run the company going forward.

So response has been focused on 3 areas: helping people stay connected while we're all apart; assisting
the public health response; and working on the economic recovery, especially for small businesses. Now
I'll start with how we're assisting the public health response.

The first step here is connecting people with authoritative health information. And we built a COVID-19
information center with authoritative information from health officials and governments and messages

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

FACEBOOK, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

encouraging people to stay home, that are coming from public figures they trust. And we put this
COVID-19 information center at the top of everyone's Facebook app. And so far, we've directed more
than 2 billion people to it. Equally important is also limiting the spread of misinformation. We don't allow
content that puts people at imminent risk of physical harm. So when people share hoaxes, like that
inhaling water cures COVID, which is both false and will be physically harmful if anyone does that, we
take that down. For other types of misinformation, we partner with independent fact checkers who have
marked more than 4,000 pieces of content related to COVID as false, which has resulted in more than 40
million warning labels being seen across our services. And we know that these work because 95% of the
time when someone sees a warning label, they don't click through to view that content.

Now beyond helping people broadly access high-quality information, we're also focused on helping
governments and health authorities get better data in a privacy protective way to inform key policy
decisions that they need to make as well. So we partnered with Carnegie Mellon to run a widespread
symptom survey on Facebook, and we're using their findings to produce daily county-by-county maps
of the symptoms that people are experiencing across the country and soon globally as well. And since
people experiencing symptoms is a precursor to them going to the hospital or getting more seriously ill,
this tool can help local governments and health officials plan how to allocate scarce resources, like PPE
and ventilators as well as determine when it's safe to start reopening an area, or when an area will need
to have tighter shelter orders if symptoms reemerge. And just this morning, we announced that we're
working to connect these symptom surveys to ground truth infection rate data from large serology and
PCR studies that are funded separately by the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative in order to more accurately
determine the true infection and exposure levels globally on a local region basis as well. So this is work
that we're uniquely positioned to do because Facebook is a global community, and people use their
authentic identities on our service. So that means that we can make sure that the data is meaningful. But
we're very focused on doing this in ways that we know are going to be helpful to the health response, and
that protect people's privacy and human rights, which is why we've primarily focused on how aggregate
data can help.

Now outside of Facebook, Priscilla and my work at the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative with -- alongside leading
experts and science and health, continues to inform my views on the best ways for us to assist in this
health response, and also what we should expect going forward with this disease.

All right. So next, I want to discuss how we're helping people stay connected with the people they care
about, even while we can't be together during this period. So this is our core mission, and I'm proud of
how we've supported people around the world during this time. We know that people especially rely on
social apps in times of crisis, and in times when we can't be together in person. And right now, we are
experiencing both of those all around the world at the same time. So we're seeing major increases in use
of our services. For the first time ever, there are now more than 3 billion people actively using Facebook,
Instagram, WhatsApp or Messenger each month. That includes 2.6 billion people using Facebook alone
and more than 2.3 billion people using at least one of our services every day. In many of the places that
have been hardest hit by the virus, messaging volume has increased more than 50%, and voice and video
calling have more than doubled across Messenger and WhatsApp.

In Italy, for example, we've seen up to 70% more time spent across our apps; Instagram and Facebook
Live views doubled in 1 week; and we've also seen time and group video calling increased by more than
1,000% over March. So making sure that our services are stable and reliable during this period is a
top priority. We're monitoring usage closely and adding capacity in our data centers where we can. The
investments we've made in shared infrastructure that power all of our different services over the years
have helped us manage through this. But it has been a challenge while all our teams have been working
remotely.

Now I'm sharing these numbers to give you a sense of a surge in people relying on these services that
we're seeing. Obviously, I wish the circumstances were different. And I don't expect that this exact spike
in usage will sustain over a longer period of time. But in some areas, I think we are seeing an acceleration
in pre-existing long-term trends, like the dramatic increase in online private social communication that is
likely to continue. And if nothing else, this usage shows that for a lot of people around the world, these
services are part of the social infrastructure that brings us together.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

FACEBOOK, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Now even before COVID-19, our product strategy is already focused on building out private social
platforms and enabling online commerce, so it's well aligned with what people need now. Last week, we
announced a number of new product improvements around video presence, which has emerged as an
especially critical part of the private social platform during this time. Our view is that video presence
includes 3 categories: video calling, video rooms and live video. And we plan to lead and offer the best
services for social uses in each of those different categories.

Now video calling is when you actually ring a person's phone or computer, and it's by far the most used
type of video chat. Between WhatsApp and Messenger, there are more than 700 million daily actives
participating in calls. We're doubling the size of WhatsApp video calls from 4 to 8. And this is important
because WhatsApp is the most popular end-to-end encrypted calling service. So if you care about privacy
and encryption, and you want to be able to reach anyone, you're probably using WhatsApp. And now
you're going to be able to get your whole family or a larger group together on calls.

For video rooms, we announced a completely new product called Messenger Rooms. And the idea here
is that you can create a room for any activity or event you want, send a link to your friends or have
them discover your room on Facebook, and then they can just drop in and hang out for a bit. And this is
different from any other video presence experience because it is serendipitous. You don't have to plan out
an event and schedule in advance if you don't want. It could be much more spontaneous and fun. And I've
really enjoyed getting to use this as we've been building out Messenger Rooms internally, and I'm looking
forward to getting it in more people's hands around the world soon.

Live video is also particularly important right now. People used to primarily livestream physical events,
but since almost no one is planning physical events right now, live streaming has become the primary
venue for many events, whether that's the Pope's weekly mass on Facebook Live or DJs hosting dance
parties on Instagram. Every day, more than 800 million daily actives are engaging with livestreams across
workout classes, concerts and more. And we pivoted the Facebook events team to help people create
online events, including enabling people and small businesses to charge people to join their events in
order to support small businesses that rely on in-person services before.

The last area of our response that I want to discuss is how we're helping with the economic recovery,
especially for small businesses. Sheryl will talk about this more, but with so many businesses forced to
close their physical storefronts, more are looking to build their digital presences. And those which already
invested in their digital presences are increasingly viewing them as their primary storefronts. So we're
working on a number of ways to deepen this experience, helping people buy items and services directly
within our apps. And we're going to have a lot more to share on this soon.

Overall, though, our business depends on the success of small businesses, so this is a moment where we
feel that we're well positioned to be champions for small business' interests and supporters of important
infrastructure that they're going to need in order to move online.

One aspect of online commerce that I want to mention is the partnership that we just announced with
Jio Platforms in India. The largest Facebook and WhatsApp communities in the world are in India, and we
think that there's an especially important opportunity to serve small businesses and enable commerce
there over the long term. So by bringing together JioMart, which is Jio's small business initiative to
connect millions of shops across India, with WhatsApp, we think that we're going to be able to create a
much better shopping and commerce experience. And there's a lot more that we can do here, and I'm
looking forward to making progress with the team at Jio.

Now beyond our immediate plans to help respond to the pandemic, I also want to share some reflections
on how we're planning to run the company during this period. I have always believed that in times of
economic downturn, the right thing to do is to keep investing in building the future, and I believe this
for a few reasons. First, when the world changes quickly, people have new needs, and that means that
there are more new things to build. Second, since many big companies will pull back on their investments,
there are a lot of things that wouldn't otherwise get built but that we can help deliver. And the third, I
believe that there's a sense of responsibility and duty to invest in the economic recovery and to provide
stability for your community and stakeholders if you have the ability to do so. And we're in a fortunate
position to be able to do this. Along with our strong financial position and the important social value our

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

FACEBOOK, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

services provide, we're planning to hire at least 10,000 more people in product and engineering roles this
year so we can continue building and making progress. That said, with advertisers spending less and our
business performance below expectations, we do plan to moderate some areas of our expense growth,
especially in business functions. We accepted that our profit margins will decrease this year as we continue
investing, and Dave will share more on our financial outlook in a few minutes. But this economic pullback
has certainly reinforced for me the importance of maintaining high margins. Our financial position has
allowed us to continue investing in building products and making investments like our partnership with Jio
even when the underlying economic conditions are challenging.

Now as always, I am grateful to everyone on this journey with us, and that's especially true during this
period. As our services play an especially important role right now in helping people stay connected, in
assisting the public health response and working on the economic recovery. I really want to thank all of
our employees who are working hard to deliver these services, and everyone who has believed in us and
supported our company over the years to help us get to the point where we can deliver these services for
people around the world.

So thank you. And with that, here is Sheryl to talk more about our business.

Sheryl Kara Sandberg
COO & Director

Thanks, Mark, and hi, everyone. As Mark said, this is an extraordinarily challenging time. It's a public
health emergency, a global economic crisis, and a time of great anxiety and personal tragedy for so many.
My heart goes out to everyone on this call who has lost someone they love, and to everyone for the many
ways so many are suffering.

Mark talked about how our company has responded during this emergency to keep people safe and
informed, how we see our responsibilities and how we are thinking about the future. I'm going to talk
more about the impact we have seen in our business and what we are doing to help other businesses
survive and recover in this changing landscape.

Our total ad revenue for Q1 was $17.4 billion, which is a 17% year-over-year increase. After a strong
start to the quarter, we saw a significant impact on our business as a consequence of the pandemic from
the second week of March onwards. This impact has not been felt evenly. We've seen strong growth in
gaming and relative stability in technology and e-commerce, which is one of our largest sectors. There are
a few contributing factors here: first, as people stay at home, these sectors are seeing more use of their
products and services; second, advertisers in these sectors tend to optimize for measurable objectives,
and we are generating sales at lower prices due to the overall reduction in ad demand. On the other hand,
we've seen significant declines in travel and auto as these industries have been hit particularly hard. These
trends are continuing in the first 2 weeks of Q2, and Dave will share more on this shortly.

Companies of all types are adapting to a world where people aren't walking into their stores or seeing
their brand on billboards. With more people spending time on our products and services than ever before,
we are focused on continuing to deliver free and paid tools to help businesses reach the right people at
the right time, and on finding new ways to support those struggling to keep the lights on and pay their
employees.

People are looking for businesses on Facebook and Instagram, more than usual during this crisis, so our
free products are particularly important to the many brick-and-mortar businesses pivoting quickly online.
Even in the United States, before the crisis, 1 in 3 companies didn't have a website because they can be
expensive and difficult to set up even in the best of times. A Facebook page or Instagram business profile
is free, and in a matter of minutes, established as a digital storefront. Many are finding creative ways to
engage their customers using our free products from gyms offering workouts on Facebook Live, to stores
and restaurants using WhatsApp and Messenger to reach customers with delivery options.

In Thailand, when Penguin Eat Shabu closed the doors of its 9 restaurants, they started selling to-go
boxes. They promoted them with Facebook posts and customers could order through Messenger, and they

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

FACEBOOK, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

got 350 sales in 1 minute. A second offer led to 2,500 hot pot sales. After initially putting their employees
on unpaid leave, these sales increased their revenue and helped restore employees to full pay.

Marketers of all sizes have more limited budgets so they need to make every dollar work as hard as
possible. That means measuring the value of their advertising is more important than ever, which is
something our personalized ads provide. For years, we have made major investments in systems and tools
that enable businesses to easily understand their return on investment. In the current environment, these
investments are paying off.

We are also launching new products to help businesses adapt to changing circumstances. Our teams
moved quickly to make gift cards available on both Facebook and Instagram, giving customers the option
to support businesses by paying upfront for products and services they can use later. We also made
it possible for people to create fundraisers for local businesses with a few simple clicks. Fundraisers
have been available to support nonprofits and people since 2015. But given the overwhelming interest
in helping small businesses weather the storm, we made these tools available for businesses as well,
something we never expected to do.

We also launched temporary service changes to make it easier for businesses to share critical information
like inventory updates, shipment details or new ways to buy. For example, if a restaurant needs to shift
to a delivery model, they can now add food delivery links to their Facebook page or Instagram business
profile. Creating these products quickly in the current environment wasn't easy, and I am grateful to our
product and engineering teams who are executing so well working from home.

The Business Resource Hub we launched in early May is a one-stop shop where businesses of all sizes can
find support and virtual training that can help them migrate online. People can take courses on everything
from how to connect with customers via messaging and Facebook Live to how to increase online sales.
We are fortunate to be in a strong financial position. We can continue to pay all of our employees and
contractors during this difficult time, which is why we believe we have a real responsibility to help others,
especially small businesses around the world. In mid-March, we announced a $100 million grant program
to help 30,000 small businesses across the more than 30 country we call home. Applications open this
month, and we are focused on getting cash into their hands as soon as possible. Economic crisis hit
vulnerable communities the hardest, especially women and women of color and the families who depend
on them. That's why half of the grants available in the U.S. are earmarked for women minority and
veteran-owned businesses. We have also worked closely with the U.S. government's small business
administration to spread the word to small businesses about how to apply for relief loans reaching 30
million accounts across Facebook and Instagram with this information.

Businesses aren't the only ones facing hardship. Newsrooms are too. At a time when critical information
is needed to keep community safe, news organizations are seeing steep declines in ad revenue. In late
March, we announced a $100 million investment to support the news industry, with $25 million in grant
funding for local news organizations and $75 million in marketing spend to get money to publishers.

We have a responsibility to help during this uncertain time by connecting billions of people when they
are separated physically, getting vital health information on to people on a dramatic scale and helping
small businesses survive. I want to close by saying how grateful I am to our partners and teams around
the world. During this unprecedented time, we are trying to stay closer than ever to businesses large
and small as they adapt to these significant challenges. I also want to thank our teams for ensuring
our services keep running and working so hard to launch new products so we can continue making a
real difference in people's lives. This is such a difficult period for everyone, and we are grateful for the
important work that is being accomplished by so many.

Now here is Dave.

David M. Wehner
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

FACEBOOK, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Thanks, Sheryl, and good afternoon, everyone. Echoing Mark and Sheryl's comments, my thoughts are
with everyone facing challenges during this difficult and unprecedented time. Before turning to results, I
wanted to comment briefly on Facebook's operating posture during the crisis.

We took early action to ensure that all our employees were safe and moved to a global work-from-home
status on March 6 in the week prior to the WHO declaring COVID-19 a global pandemic. We are currently
operating with over 95% of our full-time employees working from home, with safety being the #1 priority
for those essential workers who need to come in to our data centers and other facilities. We have been
able to both support our existing employees and to onboard new employees throughout this period. While
we are by no means operating at 100% of capacity across every dimension of our operations, we have
continued to ship new product releases, maintain service availability, review content and stay connected
with our business customers. Given the circumstances, we have been pleased with the dedication and
professionalism with which the Facebook team is tackling the challenges presented by this crisis.

Now turning to the results. The COVID-19 pandemic is having a broad impact on our community metrics,
revenue, expenses and business operations. Our community metrics reflected increase -- reflect increased
engagement as people around the world have sheltered in place. It's gratifying that people are using our
family of apps to stay informed and to connect with people and organizations that they care about. In
March, we estimate that, on average, 2.3 billion people used at least one of our services on a daily basis
and that approximately 3 billion people were active on a monthly basis.

We have seen increased usage across all of our services, particularly in markets that have been most
impacted by the virus, including a surge in video and voice calling on Messenger and WhatsApp. People
around the world have increasingly turned to Facebook as well. Daily active users reached 1.73 billion, up
11% compared to last year. DAUs represented approximately 67% of the 2.6 billion monthly active users
in March. MAUs grew 228 million or 10% compared to last year. We expect that we will lose some of this
increased engagement when shelter-in-place restrictions are relaxed and life returns to a more normal
cadence which we all look forward to.

Turning now to the financials. Q1 total revenue was $17.7 billion, up 18% or 19% on a constant currency
basis. Had foreign exchange rates remain constant with Q1 of last year, total revenue would have been
$275 million higher. Q1 ad revenue was $17.4 billion, up 17% or 19% on a constant currency basis.
Again, the COVID-19 pandemic had a meaningful impact on our revenue. Revenue was strong from the
beginning of the quarter through the first week of March when we began to see a steep slowdown in our
ads business. Particularly in countries that implemented shelter-in-place measures to reduce the spread of
the virus.

As Sheryl mentioned, there was a great deal of variability by vertical. During the last 3 weeks of March,
travel and auto were our weakest verticals, and we saw relative strength in gaming, technology and e-
commerce. These trends have continued into Q2. We have seen relatively comparable pullbacks amongst
large and small advertisers. COVID-19 had an impact across the globe in Q1. On a regional basis, ad
revenue growth was strongest in Asia Pacific at 21%, followed by U.S., Canada, Europe and rest of world
at 16% each.

Turning now to our price and volume metrics. In Q1, the total number of ad impressions served across
our services increased 39%, and the average price per ad decreased 16%. The growth of impressions
was primarily driven by Facebook mobile News Feed due to product optimizations we made prior to the
pandemic as well as from increased engagement that I talked about earlier. The decline in average price
per ad was largely attributable to the reduction in advertiser demand during the last 3 weeks of March.
Other revenue was $297 million, up 80% driven primarily by sales of Oculus products. As a reminder, we
launched Quest in May 2019.

Turning now to expenses. Q1 total expenses were $11.8 billion, up 1% on a reported basis. Excluding the
$3 billion expense we recorded in Q1 related to our settlement with the FTC Q1 of last year, that is related
to our settlement with the FTC, total expenses were up 35% year-over-year. Cost of revenue increased
23%, driven primarily by depreciation related to our infrastructure spend. R&D grew 40% and was
driven primarily by investments in core product as well as our innovation efforts, particularly in AR/VR.
Marketing and sales grew 38% and was driven by consumer and growth marketing. Finally, excluding the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

FACEBOOK, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

FTC expense from Q1 of 2019, G&A grew 49%, driven partially by an increase in estimated credit losses
related to COVID-19. We had over 3,300 net new hires in Q1, primarily in technical functions and ended
the quarter with over 48,000 full-time employees, up 28% compared to last year. As I mentioned earlier,
we continue to recruit and onboard new employees successfully while in a work-from-home environment.

Operating income was $5.9 billion representing a 33% operating margin, and our tax rate was 16%. Net
income was $4.9 billion or $1.71 per share. Capital expenditures were $3.7 billion driven by investments
in data centers, servers, office buildings and network infrastructure. We had $7.3 billion of free cash flow
in the quarter, and we repurchased $1.2 billion of our Class A common stock. We ended the quarter with
$60.3 billion of cash and investments.

As I mentioned last quarter, though we booked the FTC expense in 2019, we did not pay the $5 billion
settlement amount until the -- after the first quarter of 2020 closed. In addition, this past week, as Mark
mentioned, we signed an agreement to invest approximately $5.7 billion into Jio Platforms in India. Our
strong balance sheet proved to be an important asset this quarter, enabling us to commit to a long-term
growth priority in India even in the midst of a troubled global economy.

Turning now to the outlook. With the COVID-19 crisis, like all companies, we are facing a period of
unprecedented uncertainty in our business outlook, certainly in the nearly 8 years I've been with
Facebook. We expect our business performance will be impacted by issues beyond our control, including
the duration and efficacy of shelter-in-place orders, the effectiveness of economic stimuli around the
world and the fluctuation of currencies relative to the U.S. dollar. On the latter point alone, since the WHO
declared COVID-19 as a pandemic, we have seen the U.S. dollar appreciate 5% relative to the foreign
currencies we do business in.

Given the increasing uncertainty in our business outlook, we are not providing specific revenue
guidance for the second quarter or full year 2020. Rather, I would like to provide a snapshot of revenue
performance in the second quarter thus far. There is a tremendous amount of macro uncertainty. So it's
difficult to extrapolate performance based on a small sample of data. After an initial steep decrease in ad
revenue in March, we have seen signs of stability reflected in the first 3 weeks of April. Ad revenue has
been approximately flat compared to the same period a year ago, down from the 17% year-over-year
growth in the first quarter of 2020. The April trends reflect weakness across all of our user geographies
as most of our major countries have had some sort of shelter-in-place guidelines in effect. We are
understandably cautious given that most economists are forecasting a global GDP contraction in Q2,
which, if history were a guide, would suggest the potential for an even more severe advertising industry
contraction.

In terms of expenses, we are continuing to monitor the COVID-19 situation and its impact on our business
and operations, and we'll adjust our plans accordingly. We expect to realize operational savings in certain
areas, such as travel, events and marketing as well as from slower head count growth in our business
functions. However, we plan to continue to invest in product development and to recruit technical talent.
In addition, we have committed over $300 million to date in investments to help our broader community
during this crisis, which will have an impact on our financial performance this year. As a result, we expect
total expenses in 2020 to be between $52 billion and $56 billion, down from the prior range of $54 billion
to $59 billion. While this reflects a moderate reduction in the planned growth rate of total expenses, our
overall expense growth in the face of expected revenue weakness will have a negative impact on our 2020
operating margins.

Turning now to capital expenditures. Our significant investments in infrastructure over the past 4 years
have served us well during this period of high user engagement. We plan to continue to grow our CapEx
investments to enhance and expand our global infrastructure footprint over the long term. In 2020,
we now expect capital expenditures to be approximately $14 billion to $16 billion, down from our prior
range of $17 billion to $19 billion. This reduction reflects a significant decrease in our construction efforts
related to shelter-in-place orders. Given the strong engagement growth and related demands on our
infrastructure, this year's CapEx reduction should be viewed as a deferral into 2021 rather than savings.

Turning now to tax. We expect our full year 2020 tax rate will be in the high teens, although we may see
fluctuations in our quarterly rate depending on our financial results.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

FACEBOOK, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Our thoughts are with those in the community who are facing health challenges during this crisis and with
those health care workers on the front lines. We are also mindful of the challenges many businesses are
facing in this crisis, including the 140 million small businesses who use our platform. Our focus is, first and
foremost, on helping our broad community navigate these challenges.
With that, Mike, let's open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

FACEBOOK, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Brian Nowak from Morgan Stanley.

Brian Thomas Nowak
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I have 2. Just the first one for Sheryl or Dave, I appreciate all the color on the different ad verticals
between gaming, e-commerce, travel and autos, et cetera. I guess I'd be curious to hear about sort of
what happened in the decline in the ad business you saw in March compared to the stability in April, sort
of what changed in those verticals? And then understanding you're not giving guidance, but talk to us
about some of the key verticals that would be needed to sort of bring the business back to growth as we
go throughout the year. And then the second question for Mark, you talked a little bit about SMBs. I'd
be curious to hear about some of the key investment areas and initiatives you really think you need to
execute on to make the SMB offering more comprehensive in '21 and beyond.

David M. Wehner
Chief Financial Officer

Okay, Brian. Did you want to take that, Sheryl?

Sheryl Kara Sandberg
COO & Director

Yes, why don't you go first and I'll go second. You take the first. I'll take the second.

David M. Wehner
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Sure. Sorry, we're doing our coordination. So Brian, yes, the trends that we saw in the end of Q1,
we saw a pullback -- pretty broad-based pullback, especially concentrated in some of the areas that we
talked about, things like travel and auto, but really kind of broad-based, large and small advertisers. We
saw relative strength even then in a few categories like gaming, where you have always-on campaigns
that we're able to pick up some supply because the lower pricing kind of cleared at the levels that those
advertisers were trying to acquire users at. So that is one of the benefits of the auction. And then e-
commerce, we've seen was not as strong as gaming, but we've seen that show signs of stability as well
and all of those trends sort of continued into Q2. So I don't think there's a lot of vertical shifts, but I
think we've seen e-commerce sort of do reasonably well. What we're seeing is really, I think, pretty
straightforward. We're seeing people who are driving towards online conversion events do well because
they're able to -- they're able to kind of bid in the auction and get those users and get those results that
they're looking for. And people who are like looking for off-line or more top-of-funnel brand, there, we've
seen more pullback in spend.

Sheryl Kara Sandberg
COO & Director

To your second question on SMBs, there's really 2 parts to this. One is what are we doing now to help
SMBs weather the storm and come back to the business and be able to pay their employees. And the
second is the ongoing ad work we do. On the first, I think we've been really focused. We came out early
with our $100 million grants program, and we're rolling it out very aggressively around the world, trying
to get money to people very quickly. And we're building specialized products we never would have thought
of before. Fundraisers were something that we did for nonprofits, for people, not small businesses. So in
this very difficult time for SMBs, we're really focused on doing everything we can to help them survive and
even thrive as they help transition online.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

FACEBOOK, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

SMBs are also a major part of our business going forward. And on there, it's really the execution we
do quarter after quarter to make our ads perform. We offer very personalized ads that can be directly
targeted at small groups. We do that in a very privacy protective way. And those ads are often most
important for small businesses who can't afford to buy broad-based media. And so all of the work we do to
continue to allow targeting all of the work we do to make the ads more personalized, all of the work we do
to make free tools available, which is important for all the online businesses who use our free tools. There
are 140 million of them as well as the 8 million who are our advertisers and the funnel between those.
That's the nuts and bolts of our business. We work on it every day. We're continuing to work on it every
day through this crisis, and we'll continue beyond that.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth from JPMorgan.

Douglas Till Anmuth
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I have 2, I think, probably both for Mark. First, I was hoping you could talk more about the functionality
of WhatsApp and perhaps other platforms as you expand in India with the Jio Platforms partnership. Are
there other markets where you could see something similar? Or is the strategy here unique to India?
And then second, just given the increased engagement with communication tools and voice and video, in
particular, how is that translating into increased activity in the Feed and within Stories?

Mark Elliot Zuckerberg
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Sure. I can speak to the first one, and Dave and -- see if there are any stats in particular to share on the
second one. And for commerce on WhatsApp more broadly, we're very focused on making it. So that small
businesses can have a presence on all of the apps, right, Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp and Messenger,
and can communicate organically with people and then increasingly can do things that can help them drive
transactions. So we've started rolling out things like catalogs in WhatsApp. We're working on payments
to build the complete transactions. And we've rolled out a new ad format click to messaging ads, where
basically a lot of small businesses and different businesses are finding that their message threads with
people perform better for driving sales than their websites or other presences. They basically buy ads
inside Facebook or Instagram that send people to chat threads. And then as we build out all these tools
around that -- around making those threads more valuable, we think that those ads will only increase in
value, which is the way we're currently thinking about that business.

In India, with Jio, Jio has had this vision for a while. I want to be careful not to put words in their mouth,
but just from what they've basically described both to us and publicly, about their JioMart vision is there
are millions of small businesses and shops across India, and they want to try to help get them onto
a single network that you'll be able to communicate with through WhatsApp and do payments online
through WhatsApp. So I think of that is a great, very large example of how we can wire up and help small
businesses in the country where we have the largest WhatsApp community. But certainly, all the products
and technology that we're building to enable that partnership are going to be things that we want to do
around the world. So we're very excited about working with them to drive this vision forward, and then
extending it everywhere over the coming months and years. I mean, Dave, I don't know if you want to
say anything about the second point. I think it's -- at a high level, I mean, you may have stats that you
want to share, but I think it's -- we have seen a broad-based increase in use of the product. It's hard to
know what is just correlated with the pandemic versus people are doing more video chat or messaging.
So therefore, they also connect more in other parts of the product. But I do think, overall, we believe that
providing a broad set of social tools for people is -- and just providing more value for people does accrue
to all of the different services, which is important because, as you know, some of the services for our
business, we include ads in and some we don't.

David M. Wehner
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

FACEBOOK, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Yes. And the only thing I'd add there is, we talked about the 39% increase in ad impressions, and that's
really driven by engagement increases on our Feed products and Stories products as well as the surge that
we've seen in the video and messaging. So it really wasn't limited to video on messaging. It was broad-
based, as Mark said, and that's creating supply on the ad impression side as well.

Operator

Your next question comes from Justin Post from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

Justin Post
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Sheryl, maybe you could talk a little bit about the ad auction dynamics. Are you seeing e-commerce
and digital replace auto and other categories? And how efficiently is that auction working? And secondly,
can you give us any color on percent of ads that come from direct response versus brand or maybe CPC
bidding versus CPM?

David M. Wehner
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. I can take that, Justin. In terms of the ad auction dynamics, yes, I mean, we are seeing -- when a
vertical is doing better than the other or people fall out of the auction, we have very dynamic content. It's
-- and so we're able to backfill that with other bids from other clients. So we're seeing a lot of bidding into
the system from gaming and e-commerce. As prices come down, it's also more economic and they can get
the ROIs that they want. So it's a natural way in which those -- that happens and you see a replacement
effect there. So that's working well. Far more -- by far, the majority of our revenue -- we haven't given
a specific number on what is direct response, but it's really -- for many years, driven our business, it
continues to drive our business. And I would say, if anything, COVID has accentuated the importance of
people who are bidding for online conversions. And so I think we've seen a falloff in some of the more
sort of broad-based brand advertising right now. And really a focus on those things that are driving direct
results today, which isn't really surprising, given the economic climate.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Ross Sandler from Barclays.

Ross Adam Sandler
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Just a follow-up to the last question. I think about 4 years ago, you mentioned that the top 100
advertisers were just under 25% of revenue and coming down. So I guess, how does that mix look today?
And Dave, I think you mentioned large and small advertisers were kind of pulling back in March and then
into April, you've got about the same rate. But any more pronounced decel from large versus small, any
color there? And then second question is, Mark, you mentioned in your opening remarks that something
along the lines of high margins are important to the company, especially given the economic environment.
So how do you think about balancing levels of investment with revenue over the long term. Has your
thinking around that changed versus, I think, you mentioned in a comment maybe 2 years ago, has
anything changed in the way you're thinking about margins.

David M. Wehner
Chief Financial Officer

Ross, it's Dave. I'll take that first one. Yes, we've seen sort of a pullback of advertising from both large
and small advertisers. And I would say, given the uncertain economic climate, we know SMBs are getting
hit hard. But our business is quite diversified, and there's no one size fits all for SMBs. We've got some
businesses that are obviously suffering greatly from the shelter-in-place orders, and then we have SMBs
who are also digital natives and have online objectives, and those are doing relatively better. So we've got
SMBs who are in gaming and e-commerce and the like. So we are seeing -- we are seeing, I think, a fairly
diverse range of SMBs. And I would say in terms of the diversity of our business, that remains very high.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

FACEBOOK, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

We're not concentrated, but we haven't updated that specific stat that we gave back 4 years ago, but we
remain very diversified from an advertiser perspective.

Mark Elliot Zuckerberg
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Sure. I can talk to the margins a bit. Overall, I think during a period like this, there are a lot of new things
that need to get built. And I think it's important that rather than slamming on the brakes now, as I think
a lot of companies may, that it's important to keep on building and keep on investing and building for
the new needs that people have and especially to make up for some of the stuff that other companies
would pull back on. And I think that's -- in some ways, that's an opportunity. In other ways, I think it's
a responsibility to keep on investing in the economic recovery. So that's in the near term. But the other
reflection that I've had is that I think if you're going to have a business, which is primarily advertising
which is our plan for the long term, then I think you have to recognize that advertising is more volatile
and sensitive to the macro economy. And therefore, if you're going to have this kind of a business, I think
you really want to maintain high margins. So in that way when we go through periods like this, you can
make sure that we remain stable and healthy and able to keep on building the things that are important
for the long term. So what I guess I'd want to just be clear on is that we are willing to accept a reduction
in margins in the near term, but we understand, and I personally have an appreciation for the importance
of maintaining high margins over time. So it's not that we're going to kind of take things down this year
and then continue taking things down a lot in the future. I think over the coming years, if we invest a lot
more now, I think we are going to look for ways to manage expenses to make sure that we can maintain
high margins over time.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Youssef Squali from SunTrust.

Youssef Houssaini Squali
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

Two questions. Mark, can you discuss the performance of your gaming platform including Oculus so far.
How satisfied are you with the traction there? And what are you doing to better position the company
to take advantage of the increased engagement we're seeing on other platforms, competing platforms.
And maybe, Dave or Sheryl, can you speak to the trend you're seeing in markets where COVID-19 hit
earlier, say, maybe January and February and how they're performing today? And any learnings from these
markets?

Mark Elliot Zuckerberg
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Sure. So I can talk a bit about games. We have a few big areas of investment here. One is just in our
mobile apps, a massive amount of growth in live streaming. That's -- I talked about live video in my
opening remarks, and people live streaming gaming content is certainly one big category that's growing
quickly and that we're investing a lot in. So that, I think, is going quite well. We recently had some pretty
big launches of an app in that area, and we're going to keep on investing there.

And on the virtual reality side, this has always been a long-term vision. Quest has surpassed our
expectations. I wish we can make more of them faster during this period. I do think that it's one of those
areas where as people can't go out into the world as much, the ability to have technology that allows us
to be physically present or feel present even when we can't be physically together, whether that's Quest
or Portal, or any of the software that we're building around video presence, that stuff has certainly seen
especially large spikes in usage. And it's possible that this brings -- accelerate some of the trends around
adoption of things like virtual or augmented reality, but I'm not sure what will happen there long term. But
in the near term, I'm quite pleased with how Quest is doing, and I wish we could make more of them.

David M. Wehner
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

FACEBOOK, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Youssef, I'll take the second part of that question. So I think probably the market that would be most
destructive would be a market like China. But I think for us, China is a bit different because we don't have
users in China. So the business there is China-based advertisers reaching people outside of China. So it's
hard to extrapolate too much from that. We did see a pullback of revenue in China earlier in the quarter.
And we have seen a recovery there and a recovery -- but one thing that's hard to know is part of that is
really kind of mixed up in the verticals as well. China tends to, for us, index pretty highly with gaming and
e-commerce. And those segments that are driven towards online outcomes where we're seeing relative
strength. So it's hard to really read too much into the experience.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan from UBS.

Eric James Sheridan
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Maybe 2, if I can. One bigger picture one. Dovetailing all of the comments around e-commerce, I'm
curious if there's anything you're seeing in terms of the behavior of users on the platform that would make
you want to accelerate or change the path of product development to capture some of the supply and
demand you might be seeing as people want to sell in an omnichannel world and some of the demand
that might be there on the buyer side to connect e-commerce broadly across Facebook's properties as an
output of the current environment. And then, Dave, maybe if I could just ask one quickly. I don't think you
called it out, but I am curious if you could identify the credit loss assumption in the quarter and what the
number might have been. Or is that something we might have to wait for the 10-Q for?

David M. Wehner
Chief Financial Officer

Mark, did you want to -- do you want to take the e-commerce? Or do you want me to do both?

Mark Elliot Zuckerberg
Founder, Chairman & CEO

I mean I can talk to it briefly, and then you can add to it if you think that there's more. We are seeing
increases in some of the consumer behavior around this. But I think the bigger thing is just that for all
the small businesses that we serve, and a lot of small businesses that are out there that are still primarily
physical, there's a -- there's been a big push to get online and to do more selling online. And I think that
there are lots of opportunities for us to support them and building the tools that they need to do this.
We're seeing a lot of businesses that were primarily physical, now moving towards selling stuff online for
the first time, and we're seeing a lot of businesses that already had a digital presence now really transition
to having their digital presence be their primary presence. And that -- I think that, that trend, while there
may be some short-term spike, I do think plays into a pre-existing long-term trend. And we'll certainly
want to accelerate that aspect of our product road map to make sure that we can serve a lot of those
businesses during this period when it can help them with the recovery and get through this. So we're
working on a lot of work streams there. We'll hopefully have more to share over the coming weeks.

David M. Wehner
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, Eric, on the bad debt expense, that increased by $193 million, so that will be the number that's in
the Q. And the majority of that relates to charges, obviously, that we're taking related to the COVID-19
pandemic and our views on collectability of certain accounts in that environment.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney from RBC.

Mark Stephen F. Mahaney
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

FACEBOOK, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Two questions. Mark, at the very beginning, you talked about the economic fallout possibly lasting longer
than people think. Just any detail behind that. Is there something you're seeing in the data? Is it your
gut reaction? And then following up a little bit on Eric Sheridan's question, these kind of events, crises
can create new, I don't know, paths, streams or whatever. So you talked about shopping. What about
WhatsApp? There's a surge in usage of WhatsApp, is there something that's happened that makes it more
interesting more -- for long term, more interesting as a monetization vehicle because of the surge in
usage of WhatsApp?

Mark Elliot Zuckerberg
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Sure. I can take those 2. I think that we'll see a meaningful economic hit, if I had to predict, for the period
of the health emergency. And so I think that, as Dave said in his comments, the efficacy of the shelter-in-
place orders and how well that's going, I think will be a big determinant of how long and how painful the
economic fallout is from this. So there's certainly a range of outcomes. I don't think I have any particular
insight that's not public or that you don't have, but I worry that this could be worse than at least some
people are predicting.

The -- what was the other question, was monetization on WhatsApp? I think that there's a huge
opportunity on WhatsApp, if for no other reason than that it has 2 billion people using it, and we haven't
done significant work on building out the business yet. I mean we have some tools there, but we're still
early in the phase of -- we've built out WhatsApp business. There's tens of millions of businesses that are
signed up and that are using that. So it's -- there's tremendous demand. People want to communicate
with businesses. And we've been in the process of building out the infrastructure to do payments and
more commerce. Ad units like what I mentioned around click-to-messaging ads are performing well. So
I think all the indicators are positive. But it's just a generally untapped opportunity so far and one that
we're -- that I think is very exciting to build out over the coming years.

Operator

Your last question comes from the line of Colin Sebastian from Baird.

Colin Alan Sebastian
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Great. I guess, first, Dave, I was hoping -- I know this is not a key focus right now, but any updated
thoughts or a time line on some of the targeting and measurement headwinds that you spoke about on
the last call? And then with respect to both the ongoing investment priorities as well as the slower growth
in head count, is there any way you could articulate which areas are seeing that slowdown versus those
that are getting full support?

David M. Wehner
Chief Financial Officer

Sure, Colin, I can take both of those. Yes. I mean, the targeting headwinds are having an impact on the
business but obviously, that's dwarfed by the impact that COVID-19 is having right now. We continue to
see the 3 factors around targeting, and this hasn't changed the regulatory pressures with GDPR, and CCPA
and similar regulations. The moves by platforms that make third-party targeting and measurement more
difficult and then our own moves on launching privacy controls. So these are impacting the whole industry,
and we believe we're relatively well positioned. We've got a lot of first-party signal. That said, I think
this will have a broad impact on return on investment and could affect what advertisers are able to find
and acquire customers effectively for their businesses. They may not be able to grow as quickly as they
otherwise could. And that could have a negative impact on their growth in the economy and obviously,
revenue for us. So certainly, it's a challenging time to make it tougher for businesses to grow. But we're
certainly -- continue to have that headwind in the longer term.

Sorry, I did -- I forgot the investment priorities. We're continuing to focus on recruiting on the tech side,
so products and engineering. So we're sort of fully going down that path. That's both our core product and
sort of our innovation efforts. And we are slowing down head count in business functions. So some of the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

FACEBOOK, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

functions related to things like advertising sales, slower in those departments, given the overall economic
climate. And then there are certain areas there we're just finding efficiencies. There's less travel. There's
less entertainment. I think that may persist for quite some time. So we're seeing savings there. And we're
going to be looking at getting marketing efficiencies because obviously prices are coming down on the
marketing front, so that we can get the same impact for less dollars and also for efficiencies on marketing
spend. So those are the areas that I would call out.

Deborah T. Crawford
Vice President of Investor Relations

Great. Thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your time. Stay safe, everybody, and we look
forward to speaking with you again.

David M. Wehner
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, everybody.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for joining us. You may now
disconnect your lines.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

FACEBOOK, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

