F5 Networks, Inc. NasdaqGS:FFIV
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Monday, July 27, 2020 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.04

Revenue  (mm)

572.47

2.18

585.92

6.86

2.35

2.26

9.09

9.70

597.47

2323.99

2446.61

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-24-2020 7:58 PM GMT

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.55

2.43

1.99

2.04

2.59

2.55

2.23

2.18

1.57 %

4.94 %

12.06 %

6.86 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
F5 NETWORKS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Francis J. Pelzer
Executive VP & CFO

François Locoh-Donou
President, CEO & Director

Kara Lynn Sprague
Executive VP & GM of Application
Services

Suzanne DuLong
VP, Investor Relations

ANALYSTS

Ahmed Sami Badri
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Alexander Henderson
Needham & Company, LLC,
Research Division

James Edward Fish
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Meta A. Marshall
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Paul Jonas Silverstein
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Samik Chatterjee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Timothy Patrick Long
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

F5 NETWORKS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon, and welcome to the F5 Networks Third Quarter Fiscal 2020 Financial Results Conference
Call. [Operator Instructions] Also, today's conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections,
please disconnect at this time.

I'll now turn the call over to Ms. Suzanne DuLong. Ma'am, you may begin.

Suzanne DuLong
VP, Investor Relations

Hello, and welcome. I'm Suzanne DuLong, F5's Vice President of Investor Relations. François Locoh-
Donou, F5's President and CEO; and Frank Pelzer, F5's Executive Vice President and CFO, will be making
prepared remarks on today's call. Other members of the F5 executive team are also on hand to answer
questions during the Q&A session.

A copy of today's press release is available on our website at f5.com or an archived version of today's
call will be available through October 25, 2020. Today's live discussion is supported by visuals, which are
viewable on the webcast and will be posted to our IR site at the conclusion of today's discussion. The
replay of today's call will be available through midnight, Pacific time, July 28, by dialing (800) 585-8367 or
(416) 621-4642. Use meeting ID 8166352. For additional information or follow-up questions, please reach
out to me directly at s.dulongf5.com.

Our discussion today will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe,
anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may
cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors
that may affect our results are summarized in the press release announcing our financial results and
described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented
in this call.

With that, I'll turn the call over to François.

François Locoh-Donou
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Suzanne, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I will talk briefly to
our business drivers before handing over to Frank to review the quarter's results in detail.

Despite macro uncertainty, we delivered strong third quarter results. As a company, we continue to take
a human-first approach. This means working to support our customers and each other as we cope with
the ongoing pandemic and the resulting economic upheaval. It also means supporting each other through
the social unrest and protest over the inequitable treatment of black members of our communities. At F5,
our commitment to the fight against racism is a foundational part of our culture. We consider diversity
and inclusion part of being an F5er. As a company, our exec team, in collaboration with our F5 Appreciates
Blackness, or FAB employee inclusion group, and our diversity and inclusion team are taking several steps
to fight bias. This includes continuing our mandatory unconscious bias training for all employees.

But no amount of policies or programs will achieve change if we do not make it personal. Everyday actions
are what will truly make F5 a more diverse and inclusive company. I have pledged to all our employees,
as has every member of the F5 exec team, that we will be accountable in our words and in our actions.
As part of our F5 Global Good efforts, we have previously committed to support STEM Education Grants
supporting women of color and underrepresented youth. In Q3, our FAB employee inclusion group went a
step further, creating a fund in identifying partners to provide a resource for employees eager to support
nonprofits, working to advance basic human rights for people of color in the U.S. Over $124,000 was
raised in just 1 month by F5ers, including the company match. We firmly believe that our commitment to
our human-first approach makes what we do as a business possible.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

F5 NETWORKS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

This quarter, despite a multitude of challenges globally, our team outperformed our non-GAAP revenue
and earnings guidance. Continued strong customer demand for software subscriptions and security
use cases drove 4% total revenue growth and fueled our 43% software growth. Our systems business
was down 12%, while our services business grew 5%. In the current environment, our incumbency is a
significant advantage. We are benefiting as customers accelerate their digital transformation and turn to
operationalized solutions to meet both immediate and long-term business needs.

After Frank reviews the quarter's financial results and our Q4 outlook, I will talk to our business trends and
customer highlights from the quarter. I will also take time today to introduce our vision for the future of
applications. Frank?

Francis J. Pelzer
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, François, and good afternoon, everyone. As François noted, we delivered a very strong
Q3. Like last quarter, we are reporting non-GAAP revenue. Non-GAAP revenue excludes the impact of
the purchase accounting write-down on Shape's assumed deferred revenue. For transparency, we are
committed to providing both GAAP and non-GAAP revenue during the period when purchase accounting
will have an impact on Shape-related revenue.

On a GAAP basis, Q3 revenue was $583 million. Third quarter non-GAAP revenue of $586 million was up
approximately 4% year-over-year and above the high end of our $555 million to $585 million guidance
range.

Please note, as I review our revenue mix, I will be referring to non-GAAP revenue measures. Q3 product
revenue of $256 million was up 3% year-over-year and accounted for approximately 44% of total
revenue. Software revenue was $97 million, growing 43% against a particularly tough comparison of
91% growth in the prior year period. Software continues to grow as a percentage of product revenue,
representing approximately 38% of product revenue in Q3, up from approximately 27% in the year-
ago quarter. We also continue our momentum towards a recurring revenue base with subscriptions
of 73% of software revenue in the quarter. Services revenue of $330 million grew 5% year-over-year
and represented approximately 56% of revenue. Revenue from recurring sources, which includes term
subscriptions as a service and utility-based revenue as well as the maintenance portion of our services
revenue totaled 66% of revenue in the quarter. Systems revenue of $159 million was down 12% year-
over-year.

On a regional basis in Q3, we saw strength in Americas and EMEA, with Americas delivering 11% revenue
growth year-over-year and representing 57% of total revenue. EMEA delivered 6% growth, representing
24% of revenue. Against a challenging comparison in the year-ago quarter, APAC was down 15% year-
over-year and accounted for 19% of revenue.

Looking at our bookings by vertical. Enterprise customers represented 67% of product bookings, and
service providers accounted for 15%. Government customers represented 18% of product bookings,
including 5% from U.S. Federal.

Turning to our Q3 operating results. GAAP gross margin in Q3 was 81.8%. Non-GAAP gross margin
was 84.4%. GAAP operating expenses were $390 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $327
million. Our GAAP operating margin in Q3 was 15%, and our non-GAAP operating margin was 28.6%.
Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 20.4%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 20.2%.
GAAP net income for the quarter was $70 million or $1.14 per share. Non-GAAP net income was $134
million or $2.18 per share. This was above the top end of our guidance range due to our strong revenue
performance as well as disciplined operating expense management.

Turning to the balance sheet. We generated $159 million in cash flow from operations. Cash and
investments totaled approximately $1.2 billion at quarter end. While we have an estimated $1.3 billion
remaining on our share repurchase authorization, we did not repurchase shares during the quarter,
opting instead to conserve cash, given the uncertain macro environment. DSO was 47 days, and capital
expenditures for the quarter were $12 million. Deferred revenue increased 9% year-over-year to $1.3

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

F5 NETWORKS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

billion driven by an increase in maintenance contracts as well as the acquired Shape deferred revenue. We
ended the quarter with approximately 6,020 employees, up approximately 195 from Q2.

Now let me share our guidance for fiscal Q4 of 2020. Unless otherwise stated, please note that my
guidance comments reference non-GAAP metrics. Our Q4 outlook factors in the expected impact of
continued global uncertainty related to COVID-19 and broader economic trends as we understand
them today. Near term, we expect customers will prioritize investments that enable them to serve the
immediate needs of their customers and employees. We expect to benefit from being a trusted and
operationalized partner of the largest enterprises around the world. We also expect customers will
scrutinize investment priorities, which could lead to longer purchasing cycles or deferred projects. With
this in mind, we are targeting Q4 FY '20 non-GAAP revenue in the range of $595 million to $615 million.
We expect gross margins between 84% and 85%. We estimate operating expenses of $326 million to
$338 million. We anticipate our full year FY '20 effective tax rate will be in the range of 19.5% to 20.5%.
This is lower than we previously estimated due to a nonrecurring impact to foreign tax credits, resulting
from an election we made in filing our FY '19 U.S. income tax return, which will impact our Q4 effective
tax rate. Our Q4 earnings target is $2.30 to $2.42 per share. We expect Q4 share-based compensation
expense of approximately $52 million to $53 million.

Let me speak briefly on our capital allocation philosophy. With the current environment and interest rates
declining, we expect to continue to prioritize building our cash position over near-term share repurchases
and over paying down our term loan A associated with the Shape acquisition. However, consistent with
what we have said previously, we also retain the option of repurchasing shares opportunistically in any
open trading window.

With that, I will turn the call back over to François. François?

François Locoh-Donou
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Frank. I will begin by discussing some of our business dynamics and drivers.

As an organization, we remain nearly 100% work-from-home, and we expect the majority of F5ers will
work remotely for the rest of the calendar year 2020. We are taking a phased and cautious approach
to returning to our offices globally. In certain geographies, we are allowing a very small percentage of
employees to return to the office on a strictly voluntary basis.

We also recently lifted travel restrictions in some geographies, but we ask employees to consider carefully
whether travel is essential and to quarantine for 2 weeks following their trip. We will revisit our approach
regionally as circumstances and local advisories dictate.

Despite the continued work-from-home conditions, F5ers remain very engaged and productive. My
thanks to the entire F5 team for their persistence, ingenuity and resiliency in these unprecedented times.
Together, we delivered a very strong third quarter despite it also being the first quarter closed without a
single face-to-face customer interaction.

While we are very pleased with our third quarter performance, 2 quarters in, we also have more
perspective on COVID 19's impact on our business. Overall, demand in our business is proving more
resilient in the second half than our initial post-COVID expectations. Relative to our pre-COVID
expectations for the year, we are seeing evidence of 3 expected COVID-related headwinds.

First, similar to last quarter, while we are seeing strength from overall enterprise, we continue to see
caution from the most severely impacted verticals. These include transportation, entertainment and leisure
and retail, which combined represent less than 10% of our bookings. Second, our ASEAN and India sales
regions were acutely impacted by COVID-19-related order delays in the last several weeks of the quarter.
Third, while our sales team has kept up strong virtual engagement levels with customers, the prolonged
lack of face-to-face engagement is causing some delays with new strategic projects. These headwinds
were in large part offset by the advantages of our strong incumbency and our alignment with customers'
investment priorities, resulting in the overall resiliency we have seen in our business.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

F5 NETWORKS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

We noted last quarter that customers plan to accelerate their digital transformation because of COVID-19.
Our Q3 results are evidence that they are executing against that intent. Large enterprise and service
provider customers are increasing their digital engagement and boosting capacity and security on
customer-facing applications and on platforms that enable employee collaboration. While some customers
are moving ahead with large-scale transformation projects, we see an increasing number of prioritizing
speed and choosing to deploy solutions they have already operationalized. F5's incumbency, broad
solutions portfolio and full hardware to software functionality are clearly an advantage in this environment.
With F5, customers can deploy operationalized solutions with confidence, knowing their application
services can evolve in step with their application and business needs.

We also continue to see broad customer demand for subscription-based consumption models across all
geographies. In fact, in Q3, the team closed the largest number of subscription deals ever in a quarter.
In addition, a growing number of customers are leveraging our broad application service portfolio and
our ability to serve both traditional and modern applications. They are choosing F5 to cover a suite of
application services using a combination of traditional F5, NGINX and Shape Solutions. As an example, this
quarter, we won a hybrid cloud data center redesign with the Department of Health. Our solution delivers
speed, visibility, reliability, flexibility and agility while avoiding the management complexity that comes
with multiple vendors. We delivered a detailed migration plan combining highly scalable BIG-IP access
policy manager, an advanced web application firewall, global and local traffic managers, along with NGINX
Controller and NGINX Plus. We also secured a win to deliver a comprehensive protection strategy for a
major service provider. Our solution includes F5 WAF, NGINX, Shape and Silverline-managed services.

From a use case perspective, application security continues to emerge as a significant customer need for
both traditional and modern applications. This is driving 4 kinds of opportunities for us. First, it is driving
core F5 security deployments in both systems and software, including DDOS, SSL orchestration and web
application firewall. In one example, during the quarter, a major video conferencing and collaboration tool
provider chose F5 to provide global DDOS protection.

Second, the need for application security is creating demand for the combination of F5 security on top
of NGINX. The power of this combination was part of the rationale for acquiring NGINX last year, and we
are very pleased with our early traction. Last quarter, we mentioned an NGINX API gateway win that we
combined with F5 WAF. This quarter, we secured a win with a multinational financial services corporation
using NGINX API gateway and F5 App protect. We are enabling them to scale to 10,000 transactions
per second while securing each individual API to their third-party fintech partners. Use cases like this
one, enabling best-in-class security on modern application architectures are gaining momentum, and we
believe will accelerate the appeal of NGINX to large enterprises.

The third kind of opportunity driven by application security needs relates to strong customer interest in
our Shape portfolio. Customers are looking to Shape AI and machine learning-enabled defense capabilities
to protect against a growing number of threats, both bots and human. For instance, this quarter, we
secured a Shape defense win with a media conglomerate. We are protecting both the web and mobile
deployments of their new over-the-top service against credential stuffing and other threats.

Finally, we are seeing growing demand for application security as a managed service. In fact, we have
layered Shape onto our Silverline managed services platform. The combination means we can provide
customers the ability to protect, not just the application, but also how the application works. A Shape-
Silverline combination is ideal for customers who either do not want to own or don't have the expertise
to manage the technology. We believe application security is a meaningful opportunity for F5 and expect
demand to fuel growth for several years, but we are not stopping there.

I am going to spend the remainder of our prepared remarks outlining for you where we are taking F5,
how we intend to leverage and combine the respective strength and trajectories of traditional F5, NGINX
and Shape to create adaptive applications and open new addressable market opportunity. We see a
future where an application, like a living organism, will naturally adapt based on the environment. It will
grow, shrink, defend and heal itself as needed. The combination of application services, telemetry and
automation will enable it to become an adaptive application. Ultimately, adaptive applications will deliver
increased revenue, reduce costs and better protection for application owners. We have been sharing this

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

F5 NETWORKS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

vision with our customers over the last several quarters, and the feedback has been resoundingly positive.
Our vision strongly aligns with where enterprises see the greatest opportunities for their applications and
their businesses. Through our organic and inorganic investments, we are well on our way to delivering this
vision for customers. We are creating an application services platform that will help customers accelerate
their digital transformation and fundamentally change the way applications are delivered and secured.

Let us step back a bit. To deliver engaging user experiences, many things need to happen between the
applications business logic and the user. The application needs to scale as usage increases. It needs
to be protected from attack, and its availability must be maintained to meet end-user expectations.
These are elements that are typically not in the functional requirements of the application and typically
not addressed when the application was built. DevOps and site reliability engineering can help address
these nonfunctional requirements. However, nonfunctional requirements are becoming more complex
as the number of microservices-based applications increase. Furthermore, business applications are
increasingly distributed over a multi-cloud environment. They often have multiple generations of
application architecture components in them namely: 3 tier, web, mobile, micro services and even
serverless. This creates the need for application services such as Ingress controller, API gateway, load
balancer, web application firewall, et cetera, which need to be injected in a standard way between the
application business logic and the end user.

Application services help applications operate securely at scale, and distributed application services enable
fast and secure digital customer experiences. While ideally, we could seamlessly insert and integrate
application services in the application path, today, it is not that simple. A typical enterprise IT needs to
stitch together multiple application services from multiple vendors to deliver an application to customers.
Our customer research showed that 59% of organizations use 10 or more application services. For most
organizations, each of these application services is managed separately with its own management tools.
This results in silo teams and high operational complexity. This fragmentation also creates inconsistent
application security. While teams work to protect the different aspects of application behaviors, the user
experience of the business service often is left under-protected.

Finally, this piecemeal approach limits visibility across the application delivery chain, making it impossible
for enterprises to get a holistic view of the business impact. We are creating a unified platform to solve
these challenges for our customers. We are delivering real value to customers, simplifying operational
complexity, providing business insights and protecting the user experience end-to-end. We are also
uniquely positioned to deliver a new level of application insights and automation. F5's BIG-IP instances,
along with NGINX software, support more than 400 million application workloads across the globe. We
support application delivery with purpose-built hardware in virtual machines, in container software and
in native cloud services. Our solutions are truly multi-cloud supporting applications in customers' data
centers, in private clouds and in public clouds. This means we are ideally positioned to help customers to
collect a rich set of business telemetries through these application services: information like application
latency, step information in an online purchase or the location information for end users. The business-
related telemetry we collect, combined with our proven AI-powered analytics engine from Shape, can
help customers discover insights about their applications and business transactions. BIG-IP and NGINX
application services translate these insights into application configuration policies to automate application
delivery.

With the addition of Shape, we are setting the bar higher and marching toward a multipurpose application
analytics platform. Such a platform supports application insights and automation and AI ops as well as
AI-enabled security and fraud protection, end-to-end digital experience management and AI-enabled
business services. For example, telemetry data about browser signature or customer credentials can help
identify that a request to a retailer's website is actually generated by a bot, not a human. This kind of
information can be used to help identify fraudulent transactions. We are developing this comprehensive
application analytics platform, leveraging telemetry from our rich set of application services and Shape's
AI-powered analytics.

Today, we offer the most comprehensive application services along the application path. We scale and
protect our customers' mission-critical business services. Our application services support more than
half of the world's enterprise application workloads. For the future, we are doubling down on application

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

F5 NETWORKS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

telemetry in cloud analytics, we are leveraging machine learning and AI to help our customers to discover
insights about their applications, business flows and user experiences.

As a result of the investments we have made over the last several years, we have the major components
required to realize our vision. We will accomplish this level of application insights and automation from
multiple complementary tools designed to address specific customer challenges. The most recent of those
tools is the Shape AI Fraud Engine or SAFE. SAFE is a cloud fraud-prevention service. We created and
refined the initial version in a matter of weeks in response to fraud that first became visible in Shape's
analytics and telemetry data. SAFE and Shape Recognize, another analytics-based Shape solution,
are both upsell propositions. SAFE enables a higher level of fraud protection than other cloud security
solutions; while Recognize minimizes friction for legitimate application leaders, and in doing so, drives
increase in top-line revenue for customers. Where other Shape solutions target box, SAFE targets human
fraudster. Consider that a typical retailers web traffic is 95% bot traffic, Shape enterprise defense can
block more of that bot traffic than other cloud security solutions, typically more than 99%. Once the bot
traffic is identified and blocked, we then can zoom in and begin to analyze the much smaller volumes of
human traffic and to identify very subtle, low volume, fraudulent behavior.

Let me share a story about how SAFE works using a customer example. In this case, the customer is a
$30 billion market cap nationwide restaurant chain. With COVID-19, more customers than ever before
begin ordering food online. Bad actors were eager to take advantage of these new patterns. In one
month, the chain lost $600,000 to an incredibly clever discount scam that used fake credit cards. The
fraudsters would use social media to advertise 70% or 80% discounts on meals if customers ordered and
paid through them. The fraudsters then used fake credit cards or other payments to place orders at the
restaurant. Food is prepared and picked up. Only later that the restaurant discovered that the payment
method was invalid. With SAFE, we delivered a 90% plus reduction in fraudulent orders. With SAFE and
Shape Recognize, F5 delivers a complete set of application security capabilities that span high-volume
bot attack in the hundreds of millions per day, all the way down to ultra-sophisticated fraud scheme that
number in the 10s per day.

We see our journey to creating adaptive applications occurring in 4 acts, each of which brings with it new
growth opportunities for F5. With Acts 2 to 4, we are also expanding our addressable opportunity. From
a timing perspective, we are working multiple apps in parallel. In Act 1, we took steps to expand our
opportunity within traditional applications. In this phase, we unlock new growth opportunity by adding
automation and orchestration to our existing software solutions. We made them lighter weight. We made
them easier to procure, consume and deploy. We made upgrades easier. The majority of the software
growth of this year and last comes as a result of these actions, and we believe there is additional growth
ahead. We continue to innovate on next-generation BIG-IP software that will further differentiate F5 in
traditional applications.

The addition of NGINX took us into Act 2, opening a new addressable opportunity for F5. NGINX enables
us to serve modern application environments and cloud-native applications. In fact, half of NGINX
deployments are in the public cloud. NGINX also brought us modern application services, including API
gateway and API management, Kubernetes Ingress control and microservices proxy. NGINX enables us
to win against competing software vendors and cloud-native services that lock customers into a specific
architecture, putting infrastructure and development teams at odds. We took a different approach with the
new version of NGINX Controller, our orchestration and analytics platform. We expect controller will bridge
the divide between dev teams building modern apps and the infrastructure team that need to secure scale
and monitor them. We believe Act 2 brings significant growth opportunity and complements our existing
BIG-IP footprint.

Act 3 is all about application security. Where the last decade was focused on network security, we
believe the next opportunity is application security. We started this act organically focused on traditional
applications. The addition of NGINX gives us the opportunity to expand application security to modern
applications. And the addition of Shape adds significant capabilities to serve both traditional and modern
applications, doubling our application security opportunity from $4 billion to $8 billion. We are well on
our way to establishing ourselves as the leading security player for our traditional application security

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

F5 NETWORKS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

solutions. We are very early on in our efforts to apply best-in-class security to modern applications with
the combination of F5 and NGINX, and we are only beginning to tap the potential of growth for Shape.

In Act 4, we will leverage analytics to drive automation and deliver business insights. We will leverage
our broad application services and Shape's powerful analytics to deliver AI-enabled security and fraud
protection, digital experience management, application performance management and AIOps and
analytics-enabled business services. Through our existing investments, we are well on our way to
delivering this vision for customers. We are creating a differentiated application services platform that will
enable adaptive applications, helping customers accelerate their digital transformation and fundamentally
changing the way applications are delivered and secured.

Let me wrap up the prepared remarks from today's call by thanking the entire F5 team again as well as
our customers and partners. We are more confident than ever that our vision, our investments and our
innovation are well aligned with both near and longer-term customer demand.
With that, operator, we will now open the call to Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

F5 NETWORKS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Tim Long with Barclays.

Timothy Patrick Long
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Yes, 2 quick ones, if I could, Frank or François. First, could you just give a little color on how the
performance was in the cloud or hyperscale space, where you guys obviously have been increasing the
service offering there? So could you just give us a little flavor on how that's going?

And then second, I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the telco business. I think you announced a
win with Rakuten again. It might have been your second one. So you could just talk a little bit about how
you see your solutions positioning in a 5G world, maybe more so than what we saw in the 4G world for the
telco vertical?

François Locoh-Donou
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Tim. So I'll start with the -- our solutions in the public cloud. Generally, we're seeing a
continuation of the trend of the past few quarters, which is that our footprint in public cloud is accelerating
and growing faster, and I'll give you a couple of components of that.

First, of course, our partnership with AWS continues to increase the number of opportunities that we have
in public cloud. Largely, the AWS is making a number of opportunities visible to us that were not before,
so that's helping and contributing to accelerate our growth in public cloud. We are also seeing with NGINX
a large number of deployments. I think can half of the NGINX deployments are in public cloud. And so
we're now seeing an opportunity to be in front of modern applications in public cloud, but also applications
that were traditional applications that are being refactored and moved to the public cloud. NGINX has a
very strong proposition to keep up in front of refactored application, especially when they're going multi-
cloud. And so F5 value proposition of multi-cloud against native tool is very compelling. So generally,
continued growth in and with public cloud providers. So you mentioned hyperscalers as well. I will say
that we are part of the infrastructure of some of the hyperscalers providing a number of customer testing
applications such as collaborating -- collaboration-type application, and so we've had an opportunity to
scale with these applications as well.

As it relates to telco and the evolution, as you know, we've had a very strong presence in the 4G,
specifically the GI LAN infrastructure of mobile providers, and we're about to transition into 5G. We are
seeing a substantial ramp-up in the number of 5G opportunities. And that is a very strong upcoming
catalyst for -- it's a very strong upcoming catalyst for our software because a lot of these 5G opportunities
take advantage of the work we've done on virtualization. And essentially, that most of the opportunities
now are software-driven. We have now won important design win in environments that are essentially
cloud-native and container-native, and we've been able to win these opportunities with the combination
of F5 AI IP and NGINX filling in this cloud-native environment. So our excitement about telco and 5G is
we're seeing here the kind of breadth of the F5 application services, playing an important role in these
new architectures.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of James Fish with Piper Sandler.

James Edward Fish
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

NGINX was picking up for us ahead of the quarter. And I was just wondering, is the new integrated
architecture starting to lead towards more wins with that architecture? Or is it a refresh of it -- or is it

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

F5 NETWORKS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

more the refresh in terms of purchasing more what is known through F5? And I guess also, how are you
thinking about leveraging NGINX and F5 for moving it into the edge computing world?

François Locoh-Donou
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Jim. I'll start with the first part of your question around what -- and I want to make sure, Jim,
you're asking about what are the catalysts that are driving both in the NGINX business.

James Edward Fish
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

It's more about understanding, François, if this new combined architecture of having NGINX and F5
together is leading towards more wins with customers or if it's customers right now just spending to keep
the lights on and buying what they knew before.

François Locoh-Donou
President, CEO & Director

Okay. Thank you for clarifying, Jim. So the answer is absolutely yes. I mean this quarter, we have a higher
set of number of multi-product deals 195 and largely driven by combinations of F5 BIG-IP and NGINX
value proposition coming together, and I'll give you a couple of examples.

We have ported F5 app security tank onto NGINX, and we're now starting a number of customers of dev
team wanting to take advantage of the fast security. So what we call NGINX App Protect, which we see in
the last quarter, is getting a lot of traction and helping accelerate the monetization of NGINX. We're also
seeing with the Controller that we have introduced traction around our API gateway and API management
solutions, and we're able to add that to customers that already have F5 solution. So examples of these
multiproduct deals that this is by fact that is a large number of return subscriptions that we sold this
quarter were a combination of F5 and NGINX together. So it's better to get a story of really bridging the
world of DevOps and the world of NetOps together are giving more visibility to network operations team
into their [indiscernible] environment that is starting to play out in our customers, and that's one of the
drivers of our [ software team ].

Your second question was around edge computing. So we today have we call it a light asset edge service
called Silverline, which broadly offer mass web application firewall and DDOS as a managed service, and
we've now bought in Shape's anti-bot technology on top of that offering, and so we are able to serve the
needs of some customers that want edge capability. We don't intend to go in a CapEx-intensive way into
the edge computing market ourselves, but our fundamental value proposition of the company is that we
are essentially infrastructure-agnostic. And so we -- our solution can be deployed in public cloud, on-prem,
in private clouds and in partnership with CDN providers. So we have a number of partnerships as well with
CDN players that can use our app security tank to protect applications that are hosted in the edge.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Sami Badri with Crédit Suisse.

Ahmed Sami Badri
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Congrats on the solid numbers for the quarter. My question mainly has to do with this new vision you're
laying out, the adaptive application vision. Is this predominantly going to be offered in the form of an
ELA or a very, very flexible consumption agreement with your customers and where exactly that will be
consumed? Is it going to be multi-cloud? Is this going to be predominantly offered to customers scaling
applications and public clouds? Can you just give us more of an idea on how mechanically the numbers are
going to work or your revenue sources are going to work once this kind of like really rolls out and begins
more -- begins to be more mainstream with your customer base?

François Locoh-Donou
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

F5 NETWORKS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

Sami, thank you. Look, some of this is still to play out. But I think on the consumption examples that
you've mentioned, it's all of the above. We are -- by the way, I should say, we are already seeing
elements of that vision coming into play today. What we're seeing that with -- I just mentioned, customers
deploying F5 and NGINX together. And this quarter, what we see is in this environment, customers want
to kind of consolidate our vendors that offer a strong breadth of application services. And so there's a
number of deals we've already won this quarter, where essentially, we're taking out some of the niche
players and niche solutions that our customers may have had. But as they look at their future needs,
they kind of look at the vision of where F5 is going, and they already take 3 or 4 of these application
services together to change the digital experience. And so we're starting to see that happen in real-time
in the opportunities that we're winning today. And today, that's happening. We see deals combination of
hardware and software, deals with a combination of on-prem and public cloud. We're seeing that with
customers protecting a combination of traditional and modern applications, and we're now starting to see
that with Shape contributing for the vision with the integrations we've already made with Shape and our
Silverline offering and customers consuming that as the managed service.

So you are -- we are early days in that. The realization as time goes on of this vision is going to get much
bigger and as you saw in the 4 acts that we presented, I think, over time, the opportunity for F5 gets
much larger. But you're already seeing some of these consumption models and consolidation of application
delivery and application security across multiple types of infrastructure, that's actually starting to play out
right now.

Ahmed Sami Badri
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Got it. Got it. And kind of like taking what you just said and just kind of framing the way we should
be looking at the forward-looking business here is as adaptive applications continues to scale, we'll
expect services software, NGINX, Shape to kind of be attached to that. But when we look at like some
of the reported metrics that you guys have delivered on systems growth specifically and these kind of
double-digit declines, should we expect this trend to essentially continue with systems continuously to be
declining, whereas the rest of the business is growing? Like should that relationship continue as adaptive
applications continues to accelerate?

François Locoh-Donou
President, CEO & Director

I mean, broadly, the answer is yes, because the -- a lot of our customers want to move to the software-
first environment. And the software-first environment gives them the flexibility to deploy ultimately the
vision for adaptive applications, to give them a lot more flexibility, to start new application services, to
take the benefits of automation and orchestration and ultimately to leverage the work we're doing in
analytics. So over all of these trends point to, you'll continue to see our systems business decline, and
you'll continue to see our software grow. And overall, you'll see that the majority of the business of the
company will be software.

Ahmed Sami Badri
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Got it. Got it. And I'm sorry I ask the third one. There's a lot in this earnings call tied to your telecom
and service provider opportunities. You've had significant traction with Rakuten. Obviously, the theme of
virtualizing network cores is now coming to the U.S. with the DISH being a very, I want to say, first big
batter here that has to prove itself and the infrastructure. Should it kind of go -- should people be making
the assumption that since you guys were very effective at insertions with Rakuten in a virtualized core
abroad that your advantages and your know-how and how to do this in certain use cases and functions
in the U.S. cores, should we basically have some conviction in this idea? Or would you say that this is
going to be completely different? There's going to be a new bidding process, et cetera, because the idea
of virtualizing cores for telcos is, I guess, we can all agree, it's pretty complicated stuff. So we just want to
get an idea on how big or if traction is going to be one of the big drivers for F5 going forward in telco and
SP.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

F5 NETWORKS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

François Locoh-Donou
President, CEO & Director

Sami, I think you should -- the way to think about this is as with carrier, I think it's going to be different
in their transition from 4G to 5G from [indiscernible] some will not use that. But overall, if you look at the
5G architecture and where kind of the end state of where people are going, we feel very, very good about
the work we've done, the special software that F5 brings to these 5G architectures to be inserted in large
carrier infrastructure. One is in the U.S., actually in Asia or Europe, and we have already some informed
design with beyond Rakuten in that space. So I think you should read from that, that we have pretty good
conviction around the role that we're going to play in 5G structure going forward.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.

Samik Chatterjee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

If I could just follow-up firstly on Sami's question here about kind of the vision you're laying out for
application services. Just curious how to think about kind of when you think about all the pieces for Act 4,
how much of that is organic versus inorganic? And kind of some of the AI, et cetera capabilities, how much
of that do you need to kind of look outside to bring those capabilities in-house? And I have a follow-up.

François Locoh-Donou
President, CEO & Director

Samik, well, if you look at the analytics platform, so when we made the acquisition of Shape, there
were multiple reasons we felt strongly this was a great combination with F5. One was, of course, the
business that the Shape was in at the anti-fraud business. And as I've shared with you, we really think
we've entered the era of application capital where most cloud is going to be on applications, and Shape
is factoring that secular trend. And in fact, we already saw that, an acceleration of that this quarter with
COVID, and I can come back to that later. But the anti-fraud business was one of the big reasons for the
acquisition.

The second big reason for the acquisition was around technology, and it was the large amount of money
and time that Shape has invested in building an AI-powered analytics platform. And so the reason you see
that here and that core part of our vision already realizing is in fact because of the technology assets from
Shape. So the M&A as it relates to that essentially have been done with the acquisition. Overall, we don't
go out with that. As we march towards this vision of adaptive applications down the road, we might want
to accelerate certain things inorganically. But in terms of analytics, specifically, we have a big head start
with the acquisition of Shape.

Samik Chatterjee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got it. Got it. And if I can just follow-up, the guidance you issued for fiscal fourth quarter is a narrower
range on the revenue to the last quarter. So it does imply you have more visibility now. Just kind of, again,
wanted to get your kind of get what you're seeing in relation to kind of customer activity, particularly
cadence through the quarter. Are the sales cycles compressing a bit relative to what you saw last quarter?
Or is that driving the higher visibility here?

Francis J. Pelzer
Executive VP & CFO

Samik, this is Frank. So I think our approach was very similar to last quarter. We obviously have had
our quarterly business reviews with our sales team. We feel like the guidance that we have given is
appropriate. And because it was the first quarter that we were living in a post-COVID world, I think we
wanted to give a little bit more of a range, but I think we do feel a bit more comfortable going into Q4 with
the visibility that we've got on that activity that we could tighten that up by $10 million.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

F5 NETWORKS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley.

Meta A. Marshall
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great. You noted in an answer to a previous question about multiproduct deals picking up. But just any
commentary you could give on pickup in ELAs or just interest in ELAs in this environment? Maybe are
there people just wanting to know more what they're buying versus open-ended deals?

And then maybe second question, any just update on the AWS partnership? And any traction you've been
able to make without sales or without in-person sales?

François Locoh-Donou
President, CEO & Director

Meta, so on ELAs, the demand continues to be very strong. And -- but I would say there are kind of 2 tale
of the stories there. One of the effects we're seeing in this COVID environment is that customers -- there
are some strategic kind of transformation that customers are pushing out, largely because they have to
tend to more near-term priorities. So that in a way, there's some large potential ELAs that could -- that
could happen this quarter that will happen more down the road. But at the same time, we did more ELAs
in terms of volumes of transactions. We did more ELAs this quarter than we did ever before, and those
ELAs were often a combination of multiple F5 products. So BIG-IP plus NGINX, and now we started to see
Shape as well. So that's where we're at on ELAs.

And as it relates to the AWS partnership, we're making very good progress. We have -- we're getting a lot
of visibility for AWS in terms of new opportunities. We are kind of ahead of where we thought we would be
at this point in the relationship, and I think we'll see further acceleration in 2021 because we're working
on joint solution integration and also now working with in migration partners to accelerate the work we're
doing for migration of workload. So overall, good traction so far and expect even more in 2021 from the
joint collaboration.

Meta A. Marshall
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great. Congrats.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Alex Henderson with Needham.

Alexander Henderson
Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division

I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the time line between the various phases you described in
your presentation. Clearly, you've already done Phase I and positioned into Phase II. With Kubernetes and
application growth driving that vector, it's pretty clear that for the next x number of years, that's going to
be a very high rate of growth. I was wondering if you could give us a little granularity around that. Do you
expect to gain share as a result of your high rate of penetration in Kubernetes and increasing Kubernetes
deployment as a percent of new applications and therefore, gain share within the application market?

And then the second question is as you move into the Phase III and Phase 4, how do you see those
ramping in as a contribution to the software growth rates? Is that a stutter for a year or so and then get a
real head of steam around it to get into the Phase III? Or is that already happening? And when does Phase
IV kick in?

François Locoh-Donou
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

F5 NETWORKS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

Alex, thank you. Let me take you through the time line of it. So Act 1, which is really F5 providing app
delivery against traditional application, of course, is happening right now, largely driven with our BIG-IP
platform. And a lot of the work that we have done over the last 2, 3 years have been moving to software
force environment with a lot of innovation in our model that have gone on to be successful in a more
automated, orchestrated software environments, including public cloud. And I would say a lot of the
growth you have seen in our software today has really come from Act 1.

Act 2, which is F5, getting in some modern applications, really started with the acquisition of NGINX.
And you're right, Alex, about the penetration of Kubernetes environment, we are accelerating in that
space. And yes, we do intend to gain share in the modern application space because we weren't there
before, and that is something that's starting to play out now, and I think it's going to play out for the next
several years. I would say we're still in the early innings about, A, being portable in applications; and
B, monetizing that presence. But the stuff we've done with taking up security, the application security
solution from F5 and putting that on NGINX as an example, the new NGINX controller, the new application
services like API Gateway that we build, all of these things are starting to provide traction on Act 2.

Act 3 is really around protecting both traditional and modern application. We have started that organically
with F5. That's why our security business was part of our software growth. But that is being accelerated
in Shape, and we intend to port the Shape capability across the F5 portfolio. So we've already ported chip
capabilities on Silverline, which is our managed security service. But we'll have our Shape capabilities
with AIP, we'll have it with NGINX. So Act 3 is already contributing today, but you should expect them to
continue even more in the future. So I would say, Act 2 and 3 over the next couple of years will contribute
meaningfully.

Act 4 in terms -- if you're thinking in terms of material contribution to our financial performance, I would
say Act 4 is really beyond the next couple of years. From a technology perspective, we already have a lot
of components. We are -- we started engaging with customers around some of the solutions that resonate
the most with them around leveraging analytics to give them the right insight for their application. Shape
actually has already started releasing a couple of solutions that we just had. But I think in terms of that
becoming a material contributor to us, we think that's beyond the next couple of years.

Alexander Henderson
Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division

If I could just follow-up. It's my understanding that you guys are the dominant controller that's used
in Kubernetes deployments today. And if Kubernetes increases as sharply as a percentage of new
applications, doesn't that, by definition, drive share gains?

Kara Lynn Sprague
Executive VP & GM of Application Services

Alex, this is Kara. With NGINX, we have a solution that is tailor-made to be deployed in microservices and
container-native environments, such as Kubernetes. And it is the leading selection of web servers in those
environments for modern customer-facing digital experiences. And so we think with NGINX at its presence
in hundreds of millions of those kind of consumer-facing modern applications, we have a good head start
for then inserting some of those security capabilities and the analytics capabilities that François spoke
about.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Paul Silverstein with Cowen.

Paul Jonas Silverstein
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

François, Frank, I was hoping you could tell us what was the Shape contribution to revenue? And related
to that, obviously, what was the organic software revenue growth in the quarter? And then I've got a quick
follow-up.

Francis J. Pelzer
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

F5 NETWORKS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

Executive VP & CFO

Paul, so it was a little less than $20 million. And so without Shape, I think the number would have been
14%.

Paul Jonas Silverstein
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

14% for organic revenue growth?

Francis J. Pelzer
Executive VP & CFO

Correct.

Paul Jonas Silverstein
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Okay. Just an -- a question relates to observation. Your -- François, your 5G commentary was different
this go around than what you said historically. Historically, you've made the comment, the observation
that you won't see meaningful 5G revenue until there was meaningful take-up of 5G services because
what you did was later in the cycle dependent upon the take-up of those services in terms of number of
users and the intensity of use. And your commentary on this call seem to be very different in terms of
traction now. I'm just trying to understand exactly what you're saying.

And before you respond, the other question would be, your Asian -- in your commentary -- I just want to
make sure that I understood it. Are you saying that not only did it get hit hard early on, but you haven't
seen any improvement? Was it -- is it still in the doldrums? Or are you seeing any signs of that coming
back relative to the impact of COVID-19? Appreciate it.

François Locoh-Donou
President, CEO & Director

Paul, let me start with ASEAN. I think it's still -- the business there is still impacted. In India -- and then
to be specific, I'm talking about India and actually the countries in ASEAN region, either because of first
lockdowns or second waves and countries going back into lockdown such as Singapore. But generally, in
that region, we have been impacted throughout for the last really 60 days, and it's kind of ongoing.

On 5G, Paul, I think I said 2 things in the past. One is, I said, once we would see 5G radios deployed that
we would start to see capacity upgrade in the core. And I would say, to a large extent, we haven't seen
those yet, and I think there is still to come. I do think in a very short term, some carriers have diverted
some spend that would have gone wireless infrastructure into wireline to address work-from-home issues
that increase capacity, issues on fixed infrastructure. And that's true for kind of carriers that combine
wireless and wireline infrastructure. But what I'm seeing as it relates to 5G opportunities for F5 is we
are now seeing a ramp-up in opportunities in 5G, and we have already some design wins that give us
confidence in the role we're going to play. So I would expect to see that start to contribute to us next year.
Exactly when, I won't be able to put the pinpoint which quarter. As you know, that service providers -- you
can't predict that accurately. But I would expect that next year, we would see those contributing.

Paul Jonas Silverstein
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

And François, one quick follow-up, if I may. Once upon a time, F5 was a 40% operating margin company.
And I understand you all needed to make investments to reposition the company, but you're now down to
28 and change. Any thoughts on if and when we see a healthy rebound in operating margin and you start
to leverage the revenue growth you're starting to generate?

Francis J. Pelzer
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

F5 NETWORKS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

Sure, Paul. We'll have more to talk about this when we talk about our next quarter as well as when we
reschedule the [ Eng ] presentation, but I do feel like we're closer to the bottom here. And I think you'll
see with the Q4 guidance that we've given, we're ramping back up from here and expect to see that
continue.

Operator
This concludes the time we have for today's session. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

F5 NETWORKS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

