Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. 
NYSE:FIS
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, February 13, 2020 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.53

1.57

2.61

1.39

5.52

5.61

1.63

6.34

3330.78

3341.00

0.31

3203.39

10324.78

10333.00

0.08

13616.28

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-13-2020 1:23 PM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

1.57

1.78

1.35

1.53

1.64

1.78

1.43

1.57

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4.46 %

0.00 %

5.93 %

2.61 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Gary Adam Norcross
Executive Chairman, CEO &
President

James W. Woodall
Corporate EVP & CFO

Nathan A. Rozof
Executive Vice President of
Corporate Finance and Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Brett Richard Huff
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Jason Alan Kupferberg
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Ramsey Clark El-Assal
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Craig Jared Maurer
Autonomous Research LLP

Timothy Edward Chiodo
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Timothy Wayne Willi
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Darrin David Peller
Wolfe Research, LLC

David John Koning
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

David Mark Togut
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Georgios Mihalos
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

James Eric Friedman
Susquehanna Financial Group,
LLLP, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the FIS Fourth Quarter 2019 Conference
Call. [Operator Instructions]. And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to
turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Nathan Rozof. Please go ahead, sir.

Nathan A. Rozof
Executive Vice President of Corporate Finance and Investor Relations

Thank you. Good morning, and thanks to everyone for joining us today for the FIS Fourth Quarter and Full
Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being webcasted, and today's news release, corresponding
presentation as well as the webcast link are all available on our website at fisglobal.com. Gary Norcross,
our Chairman, President and CEO, will discuss our recent business trends and describe our quarterly
operating performance. Woody Woodall, our Chief Financial Officer, will then review FIS' financial results
and provide first quarter and full year 2020 guidance.

Turning to Slide 3. Today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject
to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company
undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of information,
future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the safe harbor language.

Also, throughout this conference call, we will be presenting non-GAAP information, including adjusted
EBITDA, adjusted net earnings and adjusted net earnings per share. These are important financial
performance measures for the company but are not financial measures as defined by GAAP. Reconciliation
of our non-GAAP information to the GAAP financial information are presented in our earnings release.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Gary, who will begin his remarks on Slide 5.

Gary Adam Norcross
Executive Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, Nate. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. I'm very pleased to be able to announce
our fourth quarter and full year results. 2019 was a transformational year for FIS. We successfully closed
and are well down the path on integrating the largest financial technology transaction in our industry.
This, along with outstanding sales production, delivered strong organic revenue growth of 6% for the full
year. All 3 segments performed exceptionally well for the year as well as the quarter. Our record sales and
integration activities position us for an even stronger 2020.

Later, I'll talk about our strategy of modernization and how that has led to some very large noble wins that
exemplify how our strategy is working as well as driving increasing demand for our solution suite. This
includes signing 3 of the largest banks in the country this quarter on our core banking solutions.

In the fourth quarter, our organic growth rate accelerated to 7%, resulting in $3.3 billion in revenue. Our
new sales results were the largest quarter and year in our history, resulting in an increase of more than
20% in new sales for the year. Our installation backlog as well as pipeline continue to expand. Adjusted
EBITDA margins expanded by 470 basis points, primarily driven by the high contribution margins resulting
from the installation of our new sales, growing transaction volumes as well as the outstanding execution of
our team to overdrive performance of cost and revenue synergies.

As we think about integration synergies, we exited the quarter generating $80 million in revenue and
$465 million in cost synergies on an annualized run rate basis. When including interest expense savings,
we have already exceeded our initial cost synergy target. As a result of our strong performance, we are
increasing our future expectations for both revenue and cost synergies, which we will detail later.

With our impressive momentum heading into 2020, we expect continued acceleration in organic revenue
growth and ramping earnings accretion.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Turning to Slide 6. I want to talk about our strong sales results and client value propositions. Several years
ago, we embarked on a transformational modernization journey. We began an ambitious new software
development cycle, re-architected our solutions to be open, modular and cloud-based and we also began
modernizing and consolidating our technology delivery platforms. We did this because we believe that
the financial services industry was moving towards its own transformation and we wanted to be able
to empower our clients in the broader industry to change. Disruptive technologies and new business
models are forcing the industry to evolve by embracing future-ready innovations, like automation, artificial
intelligence and machine learning, cloud native technologies and digital omnichannel. Client demand,
as evidenced by our new sales results, demonstrate that our thesis about the industry is correct. The
investments we've made over the past several years are yielding results for our clients as well as FIS.

In our banking segment, I'm very excited to announce that 3 of the largest banks in the country, with
combined total assets of more than $600 billion, have embarked on the journey to transform their
legacy core banking environment with FIS. This includes a top 10, a top 20 and a top 30 bank. MUFG
Union Bank, a top 20 bank that we recently announced, as well as a top 10 bank, both selected our
modern banking platform for their transformations. They selected us because of our ability to deliver
an innovative, personalized and next-generation solution as well as our ability to consistently execute
large-scale complex implementations. The modern banking platform is entirely new and built from the
ground up. It was developed with state-of-the-art containers, digital-first capability, open APIs and cloud-
based delivery through a SaaS model. This next-generation, highly flexible platform enables innovative
financial institutions to transform the future of banking and clearly represents a significant milestone for
the industry.

I'm also pleased to announce that we signed an agreement with First Republic, a top 30 bank, to power
its modernization program with our IBS core banking platform, including our industry-leading open API
framework, Code Connect. IBS continues to prove why it's the leading SaaS core banking platform for
large regionals throughout the U.S. First Republic is known for its strong growth and outstanding client
experience. They chose FIS over the incumbent provider because of our open, scalable platform, which will
better serve the needs of the bank's existing client base as well as allow them to continue to expand and
meet their growing consumer and business clients.

These 3 pivotal wins are the start of what we believe will be a decade-long global transition of core
banking systems from legacy in-house applications to cloud native open banking deployments.

Turning to our merchant segment. We are winning due to our superior client value proposition, strong
integrated systems and continued flexibility on deployment. For example, one of our marquee clients, a
top global search engine, continues to shift share to us after developing a proprietary routing engine that
evaluates their processors for authorization and fraud rates as well as cost of acceptance. We consistently
demonstrate exceptional results across these categories, leading the client to choose FIS for additional
volumes across many of their U.S. businesses. In addition, a large global retailer, who's #1 in their
category, selected FIS to deploy omnichannel payment technology across Europe, covering both in-
store and online payments. The company was looking to consolidate multiple acquirers and turned to FIS
because of our unique capabilities and global reach.

In our Capital Markets segment, our ability to simplify clients' complex needs with our end-to-end solution
suite is driving demand. Our modernization strategy has resulted in a very strong sales year, and we saw
exceptionally strong growth in the fourth quarter.

We continue to see increasing demand for SaaS deployments, and the team is doing an outstanding
job balancing that demand with our on-premise license business. For example, we entered into a SaaS
agreement with one of the world's largest asset managers. In this instance, we will be providing a bundled
investment solution with a next-generation digital offering and data visualization tools.

I'm also excited to announce that one of our premium payback clients, a large oil and gas company, is
expanding their relationship with us to include our cloud-based solution for their corporate treasury, cash,
liquidity and risk management needs. This further proves that our ability to cross-sell and up-sell large
enterprise customers to help their business on numerous levels.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Turning to Slide 7. In addition to these new wins, we are also accelerating our achievement of revenue
synergies. While initially expecting to reach $100 million of annualized revenue synergies by the end
of 2020, we have already achieved $80 million in annual run rate synergies in the first 5 months after
closing. As a result, we are increasing our revenue synergy targets to $200 million exiting 2020 and
$550 million exiting 2022. This reflects the faster-than-expected ramping of our multiple cross-sell
opportunities.

During the fourth quarter, we continue to see meaningful volumes ramp across our debit networks as
well as ongoing traction for our premium payback solution. We signed 2 very large premium payback
clients during the fourth quarter as we are experiencing significant demand for this innovative solution.
First, we will be partnering with PayPal to enable millions of online consumers to redeem earned rewards
at checkout by allowing them to pay with points from thousands of U.S. banks. Second, I'm excited to
announce that we entered into an agreement with a top 3 U.S. retailer to help innovate its customer
loyalty program with our premium payback solution. Together, we are enabling this client to deepen its
relationships with millions of consumers across its 3,000 locations.

We also signed another large merchant referral agreement during the quarter. We continue to be very
pleased with our ability to take share from incumbent providers across our mid-sized and regional bank
clients. In the first 5 months, we are well ahead of our expectations regarding merchant referral sales
agreements, our pipeline and sales activities continue to grow and we think this sales opportunity will
continue to exceed our initial plans.

Now that we are well into our integration execution, we continue to discover new opportunities to cross-
sell and bundle offerings as we go to market, giving us strong confidence in our newly raised targets. For
example, our joint prepaid solutions have emerged as a new cross-selling opportunity into the Worldpay
client base. We have already signed a partnership with a global solutions provider to develop reloadable
fare cards for transit systems. Together, this partnership has already won our first large metro client and
expect more to follow.

With our very successful achievement of expense as well as revenue synergies, we are running a full 12
months ahead of our original integration schedule. Due to this accelerated time line, we are also taking
earlier steps to further streamline our organization to drive a much more functional operating model.
Some of the changes we have recently implemented will allow us to better leverage our go-to-market
strategies between our banking and merchant segments. We believe this will not only further accelerate
our revenue synergies, but also allow us to drive innovation into these markets.

We have also consolidated technology development for our merchant and banking businesses within
our combined Chief Operating Officer organization. This alignment will allow us to increase our speed of
development and deployment in this highly dynamic industry, creating what we believe will be a best-in-
class software engineering organization.

As you can see, we feel great about how the companies have come together, and this momentum and this
success gives us great confidence for an even stronger 2020.

Moving to Slide 8. We have a highly resilient business model that is differentiated by our market-leading
solutions across our segments. In Merchant Solutions, we are clearly a leader in global e-commerce and
integrated payments. As we continue to grow, these channels have expanded to approximately 45% of
our merchant business mix, up from 37% of Worldpay in 2017. Due to the high secular growth trends
in these markets, we expect them to maintain their high rates of growth and to continue increasing as a
percentage of our revenue mix, reinforcing the durability of our organic growth profile.

In Banking Solutions, we are differentiated by our comprehensive portfolio of next-generation solutions.
These uniquely position us to help large global financial institutions as well as community banks and credit
unions to transform their business models and to provide seamless customer experiences. Therefore,
as the financial services industry continues to evolve, we will be the primary beneficiary of the growing
momentum towards outsourced cloud-based technology from legacy in-house software.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Finally, in Capital Markets, our investments in advanced technology and RegTech are paying dividends. We
developed bundled offerings to enable our clients to simplify their complex front, middle and back-office
processes with an end-to-end automated workflow that is helping us to win market share. In addition, by
using a SaaS delivery-based model, we have an opportunity to further increase our revenue growth profile
by driving an increasing mix of predictable reoccurring revenue streams.

In order to reinforce our reporting segments and drive increasing rates of organic growth, our priorities
for 2020 are as follows. First, we will continue to invest in sales, innovation and delivery to capitalize on
our growing new sales pipelines. Clearly, our investments over the past 5 years are driving landmark new
wins, and we're going to continue to lean into the strategy in 2020. Second, we will seamlessly execute
the Worldpay integration in order to achieve our revenue and cost synergy goals. We are already well
ahead of schedule, and we'll look to further accelerate our momentum in 2020. Third, we will continue to
drive efficiency through our data center consolidation program. Last, we will continue to scale in our high-
growth secular markets in order to reinforce the durability of our revenue growth profile.

As you can tell by our exciting wins and accelerated synergy realization, 2019 was a transformational year,
and we have line of sight to achieving even more in 2020.

I'll now turn the call over to Woody to round out the financial discussion before he opens the call to
questions. Woody?

James W. Woodall
Corporate EVP & CFO

Thank you, Gary. I would also like to welcome everyone to today's call. This morning, I'll cover our 2019
financial results and 2020 outlook. But before I take you through this, I would like to recap some of the
financial highlights that we achieved in 2019, beginning with Slide 10. During 2019, we transformed our
company and positioned it for continued acceleration in revenue growth and ongoing margin expansion
with an eye toward creating superior shareholder returns, both now and into the future.

First, we accelerated our organic growth profile by executing the most significant and transformational
acquisition in our company's history. We also reinforced the durability of our growth profile with record
new sales and notable client wins like the ones Gary mentioned earlier. These reflect the outcome of our
investments in innovation and technology that we made to benefit our clients. Given our success, we'll
continue to make these investments.

Second, we expanded margins by aggressively driving cost synergies through our integration efforts as
well as ongoing internal expense initiatives that were in place well before the Worldpay acquisition.

Third, we enhanced these operating savings with disciplined management of our below-the-line items. For
example, we generated $275 million of annualized interest expense savings by strategically managing our
capital structure.

Finally, we generated $2.1 billion in free cash flow, equating to 20% of revenue. We anticipate free cash
flow generation to accelerate and expect approximately 24% to 26% conversion to revenue in 2020. We
used our strong free cash flow generation to not only pay down $1.4 billion in debt since the transaction
closed, but also to fund investments in innovation and integration as well as to continue to pay our
dividend. For example, we recently acquired a majority stake in Virtus Partners. Virtus is a small but
strategic tuck-in acquisition within our Capital Markets segment. It provides high-value, managed services
and technology solutions focused on the credit and loan markets, which is an area of rapid growth. While
it's too small to have a material impact on our consolidated results, it will further reinforce the Capital
Markets segment accelerating growth profile.

Looking forward, we will continue to prioritize debt repayment in order to reach our 2.7x leverage target
by the end of 2020. Our strong cash flow will allow us to continue investing in technology and innovation
to drive new sales and to make strategic tuck-in acquisitions even as we delever.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

As we move into 2021 and beyond, our capital allocation priority will shift towards reviewing strategic M&A
opportunities that will increase our scale in secular high-growth markets. Absent M&A opportunities, we'll
return capital to shareholders through ongoing dividends and resuming buybacks.

As you can see, based on our accomplishments in 2019, we are doing what we said we would do and even
more. First, we initially expected the Worldpay transaction to be modestly dilutive in 2020 before turning
accretive in 2021. Today, we announced our formal adjusted EPS guidance for 2020, and the entire range
is now accretive. Second, our initial revenue synergy target was $500 million. Today, we increased our
revenue synergy target by 10% to $550 million. Further, we increased our 2020 revenue synergy target
by 33% to $200 million. Third, we initially expected cost synergies of $400 million, which we raised again
today to $675 million. Finally, we continue to see accelerating revenue growth in 2020 and beyond. These
accomplishments demonstrate the hard work of the team and further increase my confidence in our strong
outlook for 2020.

Turning to our results on Slide 11. We finished the year on a high note, exceeding our revenue and
adjusted EPS guidance. In the fourth quarter, revenue increased 7% on an organic basis to $3.3 billion,
with strong top line performance across all 3 of our segments, which I will summarize in a moment.
Adjusted EBITDA increased to $1.5 billion during the quarter, and our margins expanded by 470 basis
points to 45%. Reflecting our strong operating results, adjusted EPS was $1.57 per share.

I'll now provide some color on our segment results on Slide 12. Merchant Solutions' organic growth
accelerated sequentially to 10%, as expected, and e-commerce and integrated payments saw continued
strong growth in the mid- to high teens. The segment generated EBITDA of $584 million in the quarter,
representing a 52% margin. As we look to 2020, we expect this segment to grow in the low double digits
as underlying business trends remain robust, and we expect revenue synergies to ramp throughout the
year.

Our Banking Solutions segment generated 5% organic growth for the quarter and 6% for the year,
primarily driven by continued demand for our market leading solutions. This segment generated $682
million in adjusted EBITDA for a 44% margin. We expect banking to continue to generate strong mid-
single-digit growth in 2020 and our impressive new wins provide increased confidence in the recent
trends.

Capital Markets' organic revenue growth was very strong, accelerating to 6% when excluding a onetime
item that drove approximately 2 percentage points of growth during the fourth quarter. This segment
generated $339 million in adjusted EBITDA, representing a 51% margin. For 2020, we project Capital
Markets to show modest acceleration over 2019, an improvement from our prior messaging as we
continue to drive growth in recurring revenue.

Turning to Slide 13. We have made significant progress on our cost synergies as our integration of
Worldpay is running ahead of schedule. We exited the fourth quarter generating $465 million in annual
run rate cost synergies, including $275 million of interest expense savings and $190 million in reduced
operating expenses. We are making substantial progress in reducing duplicative corporate costs as well
as consolidating our merchant and issuer platforms to generate the operating expense savings, which are
also running well ahead of plan.

With all of the progress that we've achieved already, we are increasing our 2020 cost synergy target
to $600 million in annual run rate cost savings. We are pushing hard to accelerate cost synergy
attainment and complete our integration plans as fast as possible. By completing these efforts, along
with deleveraging our balance sheet in 2020, we will be able to focus even more of our energy on driving
revenue growth and be ready to execute strategic M&A as we enter next year.

Before I provide the details of our 2020 guidance, I would like to set the stage on Slide 14. We have
significantly accelerated our organic revenue growth profile and expanded our adjusted EBITDA margins
over the past 3 years. Revenue topped $10 billion for the first time in our company's history in 2019,
and we are highly confident in our ability to further accelerate organic revenue growth in 2020 and
beyond. Over the past 3 years, organic revenue growth increased from 2% in 2017 to 3% in 2018 and
now 6% in 2019. With the multiple revenue synergy opportunities and accelerating sales momentum that

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Gary described earlier, we have significant visibility into the year and are increasingly confident in our
expectation for organic revenue growth to approach 7% in 2020 before moving higher in the out years.

Turning to margins. We've expanded adjusted EBITDA margins by more than 700 basis points over the
past 3 years, and we project another 300 points of expansion in 2020. This consists of ongoing initiatives
and synergy achievement to generate approximately 400 to 450 points of underlying margin expansion,
which will be partially offset by 100 to 150 basis points of additional investments. We're investing --
we are reinvesting a portion of our below-the-line interest expense savings back into the business as
increased investment in innovation, sales and delivery. All these investments are targeted at driving
continued acceleration of revenue growth. We are making these investments in order to capitalize on
the significant momentum that we are seeing in the market right now. Our new sales pipeline is the
largest I've ever seen, and I want to make sure we are positioned to win. In addition, we have the largest
implementation backlog I've ever seen, as you would expect, following record new sales capped off with
the big wins that we announced this quarter. Therefore, I also want to invest in delivery so we can get our
clients utilizing these new capabilities faster and start converting those big wins into revenue.

Finally, I would like to provide details of our first quarter and full year guidance on Slide 15. Based
on current business trends, we expect revenue of $13.550 billion to $13.675 billion and adjusted EPS
of $6.17 to $6.35 per share for full year 2020. This represents organic revenue growth of 6% to 7%
and adjusted EPS growth of 10% to 13%. We expect to increase our adjusted EBITDA margins to
approximately 44% for the full year, and we will provide more planning assumptions on the bottom of
the slide. Our new sales momentum, substantial backlog and multiple cross-selling opportunities provide
significant visibility, which gives me high confidence in achieving our guidance ranges.

Turning to our first quarter guidance. We expect revenue of $3.180 billion to $3.210 billion and adjusted
EPS of $1.30 to $1.34 per share. This represents organic revenue growth of 5% to 6% and adjusted EPS
growth of 12% to 16%. As a reminder, we face a tough comp during the first quarter after receiving about
1 point of onetime benefits during the first quarter of 2019, which we will have to grow over in 2020. After
the first quarter, we then expect revenue growth to ramp toward the upper end of our 6% to 7% range for
the remainder of the year.

Before we open the line up for questions, I'll wrap up our prepared remarks with the following. We are
well positioned to continue delivering substantial shareholder value in 2020 and beyond as we continue
to increase revenue momentum, expand margins and generate significant free cash flow. 2019 was a
transformational year, and I'm looking forward to even stronger financial performance in 2020.
This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, you may open the line for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And we do have something from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of
America.

Jason Alan Kupferberg
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Really nice results here in the quarter. So I just wanted to probe the 2020 EPS guidance a little bit further.
It looks like share count may be a little bit higher than The Street is estimating, which kind of is what
it is. But on the margin front, you talked about that 100 to 150 bps of additional reinvestment. Woody,
I just want to see if you can elaborate a little bit further, maybe by segment, where you're going to be
concentrating some of those reinvestment dollars.

James W. Woodall
Corporate EVP & CFO

Yes, I thought it might be even helpful to walk you through the margin bridge we expect for 2020. We
closed out 2019 with about a 41% margin. We are seeing synergies, both revenue and OpEx, driving a
little greater than 200 basis points of improvement. We've got normal operating efficiency and scale in the
business driving roughly 50 to 100 basis points of improvement. The data center consolidation efforts are
driving about 50 basis points of improvement. And then the impact of having Worldpay in the business for
the full year is driving about 100 basis points of improvement. That aggregates to about 400 to 450 basis
points. Then we talked about the investments, roughly 100 to 150 basis points offsetting that to get you to
about 300 basis points of expansion or an expectation of about 44% for 2020.

When you specifically think about the investments, I think a lot of it's being driven towards delivery. Those
are those big wins Gary talked about, our significant dollars of revenue sitting in the implementation
backlog that we want to get those capabilities in there faster and get the wins turning into revenue.
They would flow across both banking and merchant primarily in terms of the incremental investment,
with incremental sales flowing in banking and merchant as well, as we see a very, very robust pipeline,
particularly in some large opportunities in the marketplace right now.

Jason Alan Kupferberg
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Okay, understood. And just as a follow-up, the $250 million increase in the run rate of cost synergies for
2020, is that mostly all OpEx? Or is there a little bit more interest expense in there, too? I think you had
that incremental refi in December.

James W. Woodall
Corporate EVP & CFO

We expect it to be almost every dollar OpEx-related.

Gary Adam Norcross
Executive Chairman, CEO & President

Absolutely.

Operator

And next, we will go to the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research.

Darrin David Peller
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Nice results. Look, we saw strong revenue trends in the quarter -- we saw strong revenue trends of about
7%. I think it was really driven by merchant at 10% and Capital Markets' really strong at 8%. When we
look at these synergies rolling on, notwithstanding the tough comp in the first quarter, can you just touch
on the range, the 6% to 7% versus the fourth quarter run rate? Notwithstanding the first quarter tough
comp, it just seems like there should be a trend towards the better end of that 7%, if not higher.

And then maybe if you could just give us some scenarios that would be at the high end and the low end
that you could see playing out through the year?

James W. Woodall
Corporate EVP & CFO

Yes, I think I even called that in my prepared remarks. After the first quarter, we anticipate to be at the
high end of our growth guidance for the remainder of the year. Again, consolidated, you're facing about 1
point of growth. That's where the 5% to 6% came from. Beyond that, we would expect to be towards the
high end of that range.

Darrin David Peller
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. I guess what I'm wondering is if -- like what specific scenarios could bring you to the high end or
potentially the low end beyond just the timing and the cadence, timing on synergies, perhaps? And maybe
just some examples of how revenue synergies are going, what led you to raise the revenue synergy
targets?

Gary Adam Norcross
Executive Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. No, we raised the -- it's a great question, Darrin. We raised the revenue synergy guidance just
because of our actual cross-sell wins. What propels us to the upper end of that will clearly be the timely
on-boarding of these large implementations that Woody discussed. And as you see, like we have in the
past, we're accelerating some investment into this growth curve. As the growth curve accelerates and
our backlog builds, obviously, we want to make sure that we have the personnel necessary to install
the solutions. But the response to our solution capabilities has just really been tremendous across both
banking and merchant. We feel -- and Capital Markets for that nature. We highlighted a cross-sell win
in Capital Markets with a premium payback in the prepared remarks. So really across all the segments,
we're just seeing really good, solid demand for our next-generation solution suite. Our pipeline continues
to grow and our sales, more importantly, we continue to close the business. And all of that's pushed us
to raise our revenue guide. We exited the year with $80 million in run rate. That's installed and producing
revenue. So that's well ahead of our initial $100 million target for the end of 2020. So when you just back
into that, we're already at $80 million through the first 5 months, when you look at the sales that we
even just highlighted in Q4 and as those on-board in the first half or through the first 3 quarters of the
year, plus with our pipeline, we feel really good about revenue synergies, and to Woody's point, feel very
confident about the upper end of those guidance ranges.

Darrin David Peller
Wolfe Research, LLC

If I could just squeeze in. The 2 big banks you won, First Republic and Union, those are really large wins
that we don't see often. So can you just give a little quick color on that? And then I'll go back to the
queue.

Gary Adam Norcross
Executive Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. No, we talked a lot about on this call about, one, there was 3 significant wins. There was a top 10
that we didn't name, but there was also the top 20 and top 30 that you just mentioned. We talked a lot
about on this call is that there is a tremendous amount of pent-up demand in the marketplace. And this
is a global statement of very large financial institutions that are tied to extremely old legacy platforms.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

And we've talked a lot about when we will see that market finally starting to transition to a much more
modern, much more open architecture to allow them to continue to compete for the next several decades.
And I think this quarter was a significant moment in the industry where we saw, as I said, a top 10
institution, a top 20 institution, a top 30 institution all make that decision to go through a transformation
of their core banking. And in many instances, they're going off very multiple decades-old type legacy
capabilities to a much more future modern architecture. So we're really excited about what we're seeing
in the industry. I can honestly tell you, the pipeline is as full as I've ever seen for core banking on a global
basis for next-generation capabilities. And we feel very good about the fact we started this investment
cycle 3, 4 years ago, we've been investing heavily into these next-generation capabilities and really feel
like we're in a very good spot as far as timing the industry for when that transformation is going to begin.

Operator

And next, we will go to the line of Tim Chiodo with Crédit Suisse.

Timothy Edward Chiodo
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

So my question is on the Worldpay e-commerce acquiring business. Clearly, a leader in global e-commerce
acquiring. And then also, Worldpay in many, many in-store markets, sort of a good number of key
markets globally, but there does seem to be an opportunity to expand in-store acquiring into new
international countries. I just wanted to see if you could talk a little bit about how we should think about
that expansion, rough timing, what the opportunity is? And just the confirmation that, that potential
upside is not actually in the formal revenue synergies?

Gary Adam Norcross
Executive Chairman, CEO & President

No, Tim, that's a great question, and you're exactly right. It's not in the revenue synergies upside. And
we're actively working through those strategies, and we will be pushing into those other markets as you
described. We're very excited about the merchant team and how it's come together under FIS. We're
very excited about the combinations that we're seeing between our banking relationships and our broader
merchant relationships. And so like everything we do, we participate on a global basis. We've already been
teeing up the countries that we're focusing on, building out those go-to-market strategies, aligning our
development initiatives to correspond to that. And so more will be coming on that, but that's absolutely
upside to the future of the company.

Operator

And next, we will go to the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi.

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Good solid 4Q '19 results here. I'm kind of -- I was hoping that since you stood by the future 8% to 9%
growth, I'm hoping you can kind of bridge the 6% to 7% this year, and I'm thinking this is going to be
closer to 7%, like you mentioned in the earlier question. If you could bridge that gap with regards to how
much of that flows from incremental synergies versus some of these larger wins that seem like they are
more -- they seem to be longer ramps because they're very large like a top 10 bank, for example, might
take longer. Could you talk a little bit about that?

Gary Adam Norcross
Executive Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. No, I think you're exactly right. Obviously, these larger programs do take a longer period of time to
implement. We've talked about that multiple times on the call. So it's not uncommon to go through a 12-
plus month sales cycle, and then you've got a reciprocal 12-plus month implementation cycle. What makes
us excited about driving our growth rates beyond 7% and upper single digits is not only the demand that
we're seeing on cross-sell in revenue synergies. We talked a lot about that and we continue to not only
raise the dollar amount of that, we also raised the timing of it being pulling it in earlier than what we

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

thought. But we're also, and we've talked about this now for multiple, multiple quarters, we're in well
over a year now of really rapid sales growth around our newer technologies. And that's whether it's on the
banking business, on the merchant business or on the Capital Markets business. The demand we're seeing
for our cloud-based deployments, our ability to lower the total cost of ownership of these large institutions
and drive a real differentiating value proposition is playing out very well in the market. So you've got this
combination of revenue synergies, but more importantly, this combination of being able to compete and
take share and drive significant new sales wins across all 3 of our verticals gives us a lot of confidence that
our growth profile is going to continue to accelerate in the out years, as Woody discussed.

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Got it. And I might have missed it, but did you, from just a clarification perspective, provide either the TRA
terminations included in the tax rate outlook? And I might have missed the e-commerce growth rate if you
specifically provided that within merchant?

James W. Woodall
Corporate EVP & CFO

Yes, I'll touch on both of those. On the e-commerce growth rate, e-commerce and integrated together
grew mid- to high teens, with e-commerce growing higher over the average and integrated growing
slightly lower than that average, growing back to a mid- to high teens. With regard to the TRAs, the
structure of the deal is only giving an immaterial benefit to EPS in 2020 and 2021 with further EPS benefit
in 2022 and 2023, just on the way that deal was actually structured and the timing of actual ownership of
the TRAs, actually.

Operator

Next, we will go to the line of David Togut with Evercore.

David Mark Togut
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Good to see the Merchant Solutions growth returned to 10% organic in Q4. If you could break down your
expectations for 2020. Woody, you called out low double-digit organic expected for merchant. What would
your outlook be for e-com and integrated as kind of one bucket and then sort of the other channels kind of
growth rate for 2020?

James W. Woodall
Corporate EVP & CFO

Yes, if you think about merchant, I think we would still anticipate e-com and integrated to be in the mid-
to high teens. From a planning perspective, growth in the fourth quarter was strong. Expectation and
pipeline is strong, so we still feel very good about that, with the profile of the remainder of the business
being similar to what you saw in the fourth quarter on the growth profile. Obviously, we're hoping to see
some of those synergies flow into both banking and merchant. So you've got to balance them around. In
2020, our expectation around revenue synergies blends roughly 50-50 going into the banking segment
versus the merchant segment, but yes, we're still pleased with the overall growth. Certainly pleased with
the acceleration in the fourth quarter and are looking for low double digits all of 2020.

David Mark Togut
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Got it. And then just as a quick follow-up. I think, Woody, historically, you model in about 150 basis points
of revenue headwind annually from consolidation and pricing pressure. Can you kind of share with us your
expectation on that front for 2020? And are there any specific consolidations that are kind of baked into
your guidance?

James W. Woodall
Corporate EVP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Yes, we would have similar levels of competitive headwinds that we always bake into the model. So no
real change there, David. I would say, at this point, we don't have anything specifically outlined other than
the historical trends.

Gary Adam Norcross
Executive Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. No. When we think about consolidation in the industry, we think, obviously, across our client base
primarily impacting the banking and Capital Markets group, that's going to continue. But we're not
projecting that's going to accelerate dramatically from where -- from what we saw in 2019. So it's been a
fairly consistent trend. One of the nice things about FIS' position is because we're typically positioned in
the large regional market, those tend to be our -- the customers that are doing the consolidating. So we're
the -- we've been, in a lot of instances, the beneficiary of that -- of those combinations. But we'll continue
to watch it closely and -- but modeling pretty well consistent behavior over 2019 on that front.

Operator

And next, we will go to the line of Dave Koning with Robert W. Baird.

David John Koning
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Yes, good job. And I guess, first of all, when you first gave the accretion to the $6.16 number, maybe
a few quarters ago or so, I guess, since then, we've had what we think maybe is $0.30 of benefit from
just better synergies, lower refis, tax rate, I think, a little better. Is it fair to think of the bridge that, that
would have maybe brought it up $0.30 or so? But these incremental investments, and then what looks like
no real use of cash in 2020, it looks like you're not really trying to push the share count down at least in
guidance. Those 2 things maybe are what's bringing it back a little bit down. Is that a fair bridge?

James W. Woodall
Corporate EVP & CFO

That's pretty close. When we guided accretion in, I think, the third quarter, we didn't anticipate the
second round of refi benefit. We absolutely were pleased in being able to go back into the market and
grab another $135 million or so of interest savings. We saw that as an opportunity, along with the sales
execution that was delivered in the fourth quarter to reinvest that in sales and delivery, which we kind of
described before. We certainly are not buying back shares at this point until we reach our deleveraging
targets. So those are primarily your 2 big deltas, Dave, you got it pretty close.

David John Koning
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Okay, good. And then 2 really quick modeling ones. The size of that acquisition and when that hits, and
then is the tough comp in Q1, is that solely in the banking segment?

James W. Woodall
Corporate EVP & CFO

The tough comp in Q1 is in the banking segment. The small acquisition was roughly revenue contribution
of about $75 million in 2019 and we closed it relatively early in Q1.

Operator

And next, we will go to the line of George Mihalos with Cowen.

Georgios Mihalos
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

I guess, Gary and Woody, I'm not sure if I missed it, but did you give what the increase in backlog is year-
over-year? I think it was up 9% last quarter. Just curious if you have an update on that?

And any color on any specific segment strength that may have been surprising to you?
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

James W. Woodall
Corporate EVP & CFO

We didn't give the specific dollar amount of backlog. That'll get disclosed in the 10-K. What we did talk
about was the implementation backlog component of that overall backlog was the highest I've ever
seen. While we didn't give a dollar amount, it's certainly connected to the 3 or 4 -- the 3 big wins in core
banking that Gary described, plus some of the big wins in merchant.

Gary Adam Norcross
Executive Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. We really saw great strength in the quarter and frankly, for the whole year across all 3 of our
segments. Really saw great growth in Capital Markets around our RegTech solutions and some of the
things we're doing through our SaaS model and cloud-based technologies. The banking business saw
strong sales across our next-generation solutions, our next-generation digital, our omnichannel things
we're doing there. Obviously, we highlighted what's going on with our core banking transformation.
And then, Woody has talked about it several times on the call, the strength we saw across e-com and
integrated in the merchant business. So we were very pleased with how '19 unfolded. And obviously, all
that pushes us into 2020 with a lot of new sales we have to deliver on, which is good.

Georgios Mihalos
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

That's great. You guys sound really bulled up on the opportunity. And just as a quick follow-up, if we can
kind of shift gears a little bit just to the merchant side. I'm just curious of your perspective, there's been
some more consolidation in Europe now. Curious if you think that will have any impact on the business,
whether competitively or from a partnership standpoint?

And then Visa looking to adjust the interchange and potentially raising it, I guess, on the e-com side. Just
curious if you think that will have any impact on the legacy Worldpay business?

Gary Adam Norcross
Executive Chairman, CEO & President

Well, look, we continually focus on all kinds of -- all the combinations going on, any M&A activity, any
partnerships. And obviously, we watch that very closely. At this point in time, we feel very good about
our position across the globe, especially in merchant and our ability. When you look at our scale on
merchant and our ability to truly be the only global provider of e-com at scale, we feel very good about
our positions, but we'll continue to watch those things. As far as Visa, typically, we'd pass on all of those
through our fee structure very transparently. So obviously, we're working through those changes, but we
don't see any impact at the moment.

Operator

And next, we will go to the line of Tim Willi with Wells Fargo.

Timothy Wayne Willi
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I had 2 questions. The first was, again, back to the merchant a little bit. Thinking about, again, the
capabilities that you talked about with Worldpay and the omnichannel and over the last 4 to 5 years,
whatever it is, retailers have been investing substantially in their own digital commerce platforms. When
you think about pipelines for sales activity, are we at a point where retailers are sort of reevaluating what
they've now built sort of focusing on the back end side, the operational aspect of this, now that they've
got the consumer side correct? I'm just sort of wondering if there's an escalation in RFPs or something you
might see coming down the pipe for sort of global omnichannel that might be different now than even a
year ago, 1.5 years ago, as we move farther down this journey with the retailers?

Gary Adam Norcross
Executive Chairman, CEO & President

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Tim, it's a good question. What I would tell you is, obviously, we've only been involved now a little over
5, 6 months. What I'm telling you -- what we're seeing in the sales cycle, I wouldn't say an increase
in RFP activity. But what I would say is we're seeing increased pipeline and increased demand for our
capabilities. And so we're obviously leaning into that. Worldpay had made some significant investments
around omnichannel leading up to our combination. Obviously, they had made some significant investment
in e-commerce. They had also made some significant investments in the U.K. on the new acquiring
platform. So when you look at all of those things, what they had done on the consolidation between Vantiv
and Worldpay, all of that's playing in very nicely into our sales success and allowing us to compete on
a global front very effectively. So we're seeing very good, strong pipeline growth and good, solid sales
success especially across the e-commerce and omnichannel, as I highlighted one in Europe in my prepared
remarks.

Timothy Wayne Willi
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Great. And then my follow-up, and I'll hop back in the queue, is on sales, you talked a lot about cross-
sell on this call. And I know you guys are always looking at the sales force and optimization and making
sure you're cross-selling and selling effectively. Have there been any changes as you move through this
integration with Worldpay in terms of sales structure, compensation for cross-selling? Anything along
those lines that maybe is kicking in and helping to elevate the performance that you highlighted on this
call?

Gary Adam Norcross
Executive Chairman, CEO & President

On prior calls, we actually highlighted the fact that we didn't want to change any commission plans. We
wanted to make sure that everybody was very focused and prepared to execute and got the same credit
they got before the combination pulled together. That's always been an important step for us because
the last thing we want to do is create any confusion across our sales force. So I think because of those
-- because we haven't made any changes and because we're now giving everybody an opportunity to
pull these other products, that's helped to increase our pull through. I think the other side of it, and we
highlighted it on the call in the prepared remarks, is we're just finding more and more capabilities across
the 2 companies that resonate with those existing customers. So I highlighted our prepaid opportunity.
That was something we really didn't identify during due diligence, but that came out of a cross-sell into an
existing Worldpay customer that now has allowed us to create a whole new opportunity. And we see a lot
of growth in that opportunity now as we've built that out. So I think those 2 things, just pulling the teams
together because we're a full 12 months ahead of where we thought we'd be on integration. The benefits
of the team coming together and working as a team and identifying those opportunities, you're just really
seeing that pay through in the cross-sells.

Operator

And next, we will go to the line of Craig Maurer with Autonomous.

Craig Jared Maurer
Autonomous Research LLP

First is I wanted to understand what's assumed in underlying U.K. trends to allow you to hit guidance this
year as we've seen some significant call-outs of a weaker U.K. from Visa, MasterCard, et cetera?

And just secondly, there was a meaningful uptick or at least significantly more than -- higher than our
expectation in stock-based compensation. And I wanted to understand the trend there.

Gary Adam Norcross
Executive Chairman, CEO & President

Well, on the U.K. front, as we talked about in prior calls, we've -- frankly, our U.K. volumes are already
pretty much at recessionary levels. We saw a little softness in quarter on the U.K., but we've modeled
that in. We really modeled in no recovery, but we've also modeled in the volumes at about where they

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

were in Q4. In other words, we're not modeling them to dip -- to fall off a significant amount. We feel
very comfortable, though, with our -- with the business that we are signing. We've also got some new
leadership in the U.K. So we think there's an opportunity to really grow our share in the U.K. as well. So
we're pretty excited of what the team is coming together on that front. But the quick answer is for 2020,
we've pretty much modeled the U.K. consistent with what we saw in 2019.

James W. Woodall
Corporate EVP & CFO

On the stock compensation comment, the vast majority of it is around accelerations related to severance
activity in the fourth quarter.

Operator

And next, we will go to Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays.

Ramsey Clark El-Assal
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I guess, dovetailing with Craig's question just before mine. Can you comment on external and macro
factors that you have baked into guidance? Obviously, we've been hearing a lot about coronavirus, but
also the big IT spending environment, any other election year impacts on bank budgets. Just what are you
presuming in the context of your guidance?

Gary Adam Norcross
Executive Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Let me take a few of these, and then we'll let Woody get into the details. The quick answer is we've
modeled a fairly consistent 2019. I would say it that way. Our pandemic task force is obviously very
focused on the coronavirus. Right now, we don't see any material impact for us throughout the Asian
region. If we do have any impact at all, it would just be a matter of a few million dollars in Q1, but we're
monitoring it very closely. And frankly, we're very comfortable that, that's not going to be an issue. So we
continue to watch those things. But as far as when we look at the growth rates around the world, we're
modeling consistency through 2020.

Any other comment, Woody?

James W. Woodall
Corporate EVP & CFO

Yes. As we talked about last quarter, we continue to see and model softness in the U.K. and Europe,
broadly. We have not put anything in our 2020 plan with regard to some outcome from the election. The
remainder of it has been relatively status quo in terms of the underlying health of the global economy.

Gary Adam Norcross
Executive Chairman, CEO & President

That's right.

Ramsey Clark El-Assal
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. And then secondly, and lastly for me, could you give us just kind of a status report on some of the
key revenue synergy buckets. I think you mentioned that the debit opportunity was now at scale. I think
that was the language you used in the presentation, which I'm presuming is somewhat fully executed
upon. What about the other key synergy buckets? What inning are you in, in terms of the premium
payback, realization of synergies and maybe also on the card-not-present authorization rates of progress
there? I think you mentioned that a little bit in your prepared remarks, but it will be helpful, probably.

Gary Adam Norcross
Executive Chairman, CEO & President

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

No, no, Ramsey, it's a great question. I would say we're just -- obviously, we're just getting started with
our revenue synergies. While we're excited about $80 million, we've got a long way to go reach our race
targets. We feel great about our targets and obviously, we feel great about the sales success we've had.
I would tell you, I even put it in my prepared remarks, our debit routing has done very well. And so that
continues to contribute. We actually saw good volumes -- additional volumes even coming through in
the quarter. So I would say we're not completely finished there. But as you highlighted in late innings,
and those were very early wins. Premium payback, we're just getting started. I mean, we had some
very significant signings. You don't want to trivialize a top 3 merchant and PayPal. I mean, those are just
huge opportunities. Obviously, we've got to deploy those next year. So we haven't started seeing revenue
growth. But more importantly than that, we're seeing really large pipeline and additional sales around
premium payback. So that's -- those aren't the only 2 that we've signed. We've now signed a number of
customers. The one that has surprised us is the merchant referral program across our regional banks. We
actually didn't predict the response that we're seeing on that base in our larger institutions, which is a
very pleasant surprise. The -- as far as the authorization rates and fraud rates, we've talked about that on
prior calls, really just working on the models, working on the data consolidation. So I would argue, those
results have not even started at this point in time. We're doing the work leading up to what -- doing the
work that will then drive the results in late 2020 and 2021. So very early stages on a lot of these things,
but feel really good about the early results, the signings to date and the pipeline.

Operator

And next, we will go to the line of Brett Huff with Stephens.

Brett Richard Huff
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Congrats on the nice quarter. I know we're getting near the end of the game here on the Q&A. So I'll
just ask one. A little more detail on the core wins. So we've been doing this a long time, and we've been
hearing about the big banks going to do their core transformations for what, 15 years? Is this is really the
beginning of that? And you guys got 3 of the big ones. But I guess my question really is, if we're finally at
that tipping point, what is your visibility into the other big banks that you serve also doing the same thing?

James W. Woodall
Corporate EVP & CFO

Yes, I'll add some color, Brett, and then let Gary follow on. Even if you go back to the Investor Day a
couple of years ago, we had -- one of the questions in the audience was, will you ever see a top 20, a
top 30 bank outsource to a company like FIS? This quarter, we saw 3. So I want to tell you, it's really
important that we're seeing some of this as a tipping point. As I described, the pipeline is very full, and
we're feeling very optimistic about it.

Gary Adam Norcross
Executive Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. No, I really do. I think it's just a matter -- we talked about it in the past. We're really seeing a
transformation around technology that, frankly, none of us have seen in our careers. And so with this
transformation and technology, a lot of people talk about the fourth industrial revolution. But the reality
is, these newer technologies are going to require a replacement. You're not going to be able to iterate
your legacy technologies. You're going to have to go through a conversion to really take advantage of
these new open standards, this new scaled standards, this new availability standards. And so yes, Brett,
I think we really have -- as I said in my prepared remarks, we're seeing a significant milestone in the
industry when you've got a top 10, top 20 and top 30 bank all making their decision to go through that
transformation.

Woody's point is dead on, we've had a lot of early success with our next-generation core banking system,
the modern banking platform. But what we're -- but now, frankly, that's one of the reasons why we're
investing so much in delivery. We've got a very, very strong pipeline and active discussions going on. So
we don't expect these to be the only big deals announced. So we're excited about it. And we do believe
this is a global issue. I was just over in Asia earlier in January and every customer I met with, and even
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

in Q4 when I was outside of the country, every CEO I was meeting with is talking about this issue. And so
this is a global opportunity for FIS. And I just think we're very well positioned and just getting started. I
think for the next 10 years, you're going to see this kind of transformation is going to occur across core
banking.

Operator

And our last question comes from James Friedman with Susquehanna.

James Eric Friedman
Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division

And let me echo the congratulations. I'll just ask my 2 upfront in the interest of time. So with regard to
the 100 to 150 basis points of reinvestment related to delivery, Woody, should we think about that as
onetime in nature? Or will it go away in '21?

And then while we're making our models on a quarterly basis, thank you for the call-outs about Q1. Are
there any other call-outs that we should remember about the other quarters in terms of nonrecurring?

James W. Woodall
Corporate EVP & CFO

I'll take your second question, first. I think the only other call out would be fourth quarter 2019, we
called out about 2 points of benefit in Capital Markets that we don't anticipate. We actually normalized
and said the underlying growth was 6% versus 8% that you see on some of the charts. Beyond that, no
other call-outs. If you go back to the original question, would we continue to invest here as onetime? I
certainly hope we continue to invest here. If we continue to see sales, particularly in some of these larger
institutions outsourcing their core banking, I'd certainly be happy to continue to make this investment in
delivery.

Gary Adam Norcross
Executive Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Look, we want to make sure, James, whatever we do is that we continue to invest behind our growth
to continue to accelerate that growth curve. So like we've seen in -- we've got a real unique opportunity
here where we really do see the market moving through our sales results and our sales channels across
all of our segments. So the need -- the ability to invest in that and deliver on these capabilities and get
them in market and help further accelerate our sales team. We're investing in sales resource as well. So
Woody talked about that. It's not just all delivery. Right now, we've got a tremendous amount of demand.
We want to make sure that we have the necessary people in markets that can capture and capitalize on
these opportunities.

Operator

Thank you. And we will now go back to Gary Norcross with any closing remarks.

Gary Adam Norcross
Executive Chairman, CEO & President

Thank you. I am proud of our outstanding results in 2019. I also want to recognize the work our team
has done to accelerate our integration time line by a full 12 months. I would also like to thank all of our
associates across the globe who are working hard every day to advance the way the world pays, banks,
and invests. If you have any questions following today's call, please reach out to our Investor Relations
team. I want to thank you for joining us today.

Operator
Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after February 14 at
11:00 a.m. Eastern until midnight, March 13. You may access the AT&T replay system at any time by
dialing (1-866) 207-1041, and entering the access code 1596394. International participants, please dial

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

(402) 970-0847. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for
using AT&T conferencing services. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

