Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. 
NYSE:FIS
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, May 07, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.27

1.28

Revenue  (mm)

3076.69

3078.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-07-2020 1:28 PM GMT

0.79

0.04

1.25

5.62

6.84

2918.83

12519.91

13681.95

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.78

1.35

1.53

1.27

1.78

1.43

1.57

1.28

0.00 %

5.93 %

2.61 %

0.79 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Gary Adam Norcross
Executive Chairman, CEO &
President

James W. Woodall
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

Nathan A. Rozof
Executive Vice President of
Corporate Finance and Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Darrin David Peller
Wolfe Research, LLC

David John Koning
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

David Mark Togut
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Georgios Mihalos
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Jason Alan Kupferberg
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Tien-Tsin Huang
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Timothy Edward Chiodo
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Presentation

Nathan A. Rozof
Executive Vice President of Corporate Finance and Investor Relations

Good morning. Thank you for joining us today for the FIS First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call.
The call is being webcasted this time. Today's news release, corresponding presentation and webcast are
all available on our website at FIS Global, we promise. Gary Norcross, our Chairman, President and CEO,
will provide a business update, including our response to COVID-19. Woody Woodall, our Chief Financial
Officer, will then review FIS' financial results and describe the recent trends that we are seeing within our
segments.

Turning to Slide 3. Today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are
subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The
company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of
new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the safe harbor
language.

Also throughout the conference call, we will be presenting non-GAAP information, including adjusted
EBITDA, adjusted net earnings and adjusted net earnings per share. These are important financial
performance measures for the company but are not financial measures as defined by GAAP. Reconciliation
of our non-GAAP information to the GAAP financial information are presented in our earnings release. With
that, I'll turn the call over to Gary, who will begin his remarks with Slide 5.

Gary Adam Norcross
Executive Chairman, CEO & President

Good morning, and thank you again for joining us today. We are currently living in unprecedented times
with the COVID-19 pandemic impacting the world on a human as well as on economic level. Our hearts
go out to all those who have been impacted by the virus. When we last got together to discuss our 2019
results, we never imagine what the next few months would bring.

Well, we are here today to announce our first quarter results, I feel it's important to start by sharing what
we are doing to protect our employees as well as to support our clients and communities during this time.
I will then discuss our strategy and investments, which will allow us to emerge from this pandemic in
an even stronger competitive position before turning the call over to Woody to review our first quarter
financial performance.

As a member of the President's Great Revival Industry Group and the Business Roundtable, I'm in regular
dialogue with government and industry leaders around the world to chart a path toward economic
recovery. While we are clearly in uncharted waters with this global spread of COVID-19, I strongly believe
that FIS is well positioned to navigate these challenging times. At FIS, our immediate priorities are to keep
our colleagues safe, to get back to our communities and to support our clients.

Early on, we executed company-wide crisis management measures to protect our colleagues' health
and safety. This included transitioning over 95% of our employees to work from home, expanding our
employee benefits to include extended sick leave related COVID-19 and enhancing our telemedicine
benefits globally.

We also broadened FIS Cares, our employee-funded charity to benefit our more than 55,000 employees
around the globe in this time of critical need. Additionally, we are doing our part to help our communities
on a broad scale. We have contributed supplies and personal protection equipment to the communities we
serve, and we have donated thousands of prepaid cards to military families in the U.S. and abroad. In the
U.K., we partnered with the Government Banking Service to provide health care workers with groceries
and other supplies.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

We're also being nimble by leveraging our innovative technology and software development capabilities
to quickly deploy new offerings and upgrades for our clients in this rapidly changing environment. For
example, we swiftly implemented our real-time lending service for many of our financial institution clients
to enable them to streamline and speed the processing of the Paycheck Protection Program under the U.S.
CARES Act. To date, the service has driven much needed funding to more than 140,000 small businesses
throughout the U.S.

We also assisted several U.S. states to enable online purchasing of food for benefit recipients, and we
issued additional prepaid EBT cards to move critical government funds into the hands of the people and
families who need it most. We are providing free virtual terminal access for merchants and retailers to
enable them to easily accept secure online and contactless transactions.

We continue to support the world's commerce that extends to providing payment processing to the U.S.
and U.K.'s largest grocery and drug stores as well as ensuring several well-known streaming services,
enabling the world during this difficult time. In addition, in our Capital Markets group, we quickly increased
our capacity to support 3x normal trading volumes, which contributed to this quarter's positive results.

And finally, through our newly created FIS Ventures Program, we committed to invest $150 million over
the next 3 years in promising fintech companies, keeping us at the forefront of innovative technologies
and digital transformation.

We continue to serve our clients with strength and stability as the backbone to the global financial
ecosystem, ensuring that transactions and accounts continue to be processed 24/7. I'm very proud of the
way our employees have responded to shelter-in-place restrictions while maintaining our client-first and
community giving spirit that forms the culture of FIS.

Turning to Slide 6. Our durable business model positions us well to navigate uncertainty. Our highly
reoccurring revenue model, coupled with our leading position in resilient markets, including financial
services, e-commerce and nondiscretionary verticals provide predictable revenue streams and lessen our
exposure to volatility. As Woody will describe in a few moments, we have multiple levers to reduce our
overall expense and protect our margins near term. Many of these reductions will benefit us now and
into the future. Given our strong balance sheet, robust cash flow generation and liquidity, we have ample
capacity to continue to invest throughout the duration of the pandemic.

Moving to Slide 7. I want to reinforce that while these are extraordinary times, our long-term strategy
remains unchanged. We are committed to supporting our clients by advancing the way the world pays,
banks and invests. Our strategy is to accelerate organic growth by aggressively investing in innovative
technologies and capabilities within our core business and executing large-scale M&A to expand into
secular high-growth markets.

This truly sets us apart from our competitors. We will build on our differentiation by developing cutting-
edge solutions through our modernization and innovation investments and continue to accelerate the
integration of Worldpay.

As you are aware, we embarked on a transformational modernization journey several years ago, beginning
an ambitious new software development cycle to re-architect our solutions to be open, modular and cloud-
based. We did this because we believe that the financial services industry was moving towards its own
transformation, and we wanted to be able to empower our clients and the greater industry to change.
Fast forward to today, and clearly given our consistent sales success, FIS is leading the transformation of
future-ready innovations like automation, cloud-native technologies and digital omni-channel.

As you think about this strategy that was implemented multiple years ago, COVID-19 will only accelerate
this transformation. Going forward, we are excited to increase our commitment to this strategy and to
continue powering the digital economy by providing our clients with access to innovation, world-class scale
and data and insights. Our business is strong and has a long runway for growth.

We are not slowing down and our priorities remain consistent. First, we will continue to invest in
innovation, sales and delivery to capitalize on our growing new sales pipelines. We had some exceptional
wins in the quarter that I'll take you through in just a moment. Second, we will continue to execute on

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

integration initiatives to accelerate synergy achievement. Third, we will scale in secular high-growth
markets and invest in disruptive technologies to reinforce the durability of our business model. Finally, we
will drive efficiency through continued technology investments and by further streamlining our functional
model.

Moving on to Slide 8. Our clients are clearly responding to our strategy. Our overall sales for the company
was up 15% year-over-year, led by continued strength in our Banking segment. Due to the strength of the
sales, our overall company backlog increased by 6%.

In Banking, I'm excited to announce that we signed another 3 modern banking platform wins. First,
Opel Bank is the first European-based bank to choose our new modern banking platform, demonstrating
its global capability. Second, we are empowering one of the world's premier investment banks to help
them enhance their retail operations by leveraging our modern banking platform and our private cloud.
This will be a new launch for this powerhouse as they begin to offer retail checking accounts and other
services. Third, one of the largest Canadian banks chose FIS to modernize their broad U.S. business
by leveraging our modern banking platform and Digital One solution. All 3 new wins cited the superior
advanced platform architecture, which will ease their path to innovation and drive increased openness
across their institutions as reasons why they chose FIS.

Combined with the 3 top 30 bank wins that we announced last quarter, this signifies 6 strategic wins in
back-to-back quarters. These are significant for many reasons, but the most important one is the growing
movement of large financial institutions to sunset legacy on-premise systems and invest in FIS new next-
gen and cloud-based solutions to enable their future success. Even in a pandemic, these clients are not
stopping their investments necessary to transform.

Turning to our Merchant segment. Although we are seeing significant near-term impact from the ongoing
pandemic, our impressive scale and advanced suite of services has enabled us to continue to win new
deals. For example, a large global retailer will consolidate relationships with approximately 40 different
providers around the world exclusively to FIS. This reinforces our ability to leverage our differentiated
global reach to win share of wallet across large multinationals and global brands. In addition, we won a
deal with a growing specialty retailer in the health care vertical to implement our payment technology
at their over 600 U.S. locations. The merchant chose FIS because our unique technology and scale it
manages continue to create significant value relative to the competition.

In Capital Markets, client demand continues for our end-to-end solutions delivered through a SaaS model.
We signed a deal with a leading financial services company to provide a cloud-enabled commercial lending
solution that will allow them to meet new U.S. regulatory requirements. Additionally, a large financial
institution chose our cloud-based platform to manage credit and market risk. This significant win is
another great indicator of our cross-selling abilities as this continues to be a large banking solutions client.
These wins further reinforce that our unique strategy remains compelling to our clients and is helping
them progress their transformation during these uncertain times.

As we look to the future and our increasing implementation backlog, now more than ever, remote
capabilities have become essential. So we've taken our cloud-base remote service model to the next level
to provide the most robust, uninterrupted support available. Our remote delivery capabilities are proving
invaluable.

During the last 6 weeks, we have moved the fully remote implementations within Banking and have
increased professional services to 90% remote delivery within Capital Markets. This includes the
implementation of our 3 new pivotal top 30 bank wins that we announced last quarter, which all remain on
track.

I continue to be proud of the role we play at the center of the global financial ecosystem at a time when
we are needed most. Thanks to all of our colleagues for your hard work and perseverance.

I will now turn the call over to Woody to discuss our financial results. Woody?

James W. Woodall
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Thank you, Gary. I would also like to welcome everyone to today's call and wish you and your families
well. This morning, I will review our first quarter results and provide an integration update before
transitioning into the COVID-19 impact on our segment revenue. I'll then discuss our margin profile,
which continues to be positively impacted by our achievement of cost synergies. We are also pulling short-
term cost levers that we traditionally use in response to macro headwinds in order to support near-term
profitability. I will wrap up with our strong balance sheet and liquidity position.

All of our remarks substantiate that we will have the financial strength and wherewithal to support our
clients through the pandemic. We will use this time to invest in new products and advanced technology
as well as to accelerate the integration of Worldpay. This will position us to emerge from this challenging
environment in an even stronger competitive position, as Gary mentioned a moment ago.

Turning to Slide 10. The majority of our recurring revenue is expected to see little or no impact from
COVID-19. We did, however, see impact to transaction-related revenues across our merchant and
banking segments this quarter, particularly in March, as government actions and lockdown orders became
widespread.

On a consolidated basis, organic revenue growth was 2%, including a 1 percentage point headwind
associated with the previously discussed onetime benefit received during the same period in 2019. On a
like-for-like basis, growth would have been 3%.

Adjusted EBITDA increased to $1.2 billion during the quarter, and our margins expanded 510 basis points
to 40.5%. Margin expansion was driven by accelerated Worldpay synergies as well as the proactive
expense levers we pulled in response to COVID-19. Adjusted EPS increased 10% to $1.28 per share,
primarily due to the cost discipline I just mentioned.

Turning to our segments. Banking Solutions revenue increased 1% organically, overcoming 2 points
of onetime benefits received in the prior year period. On a like-for-like basis, Banking Solutions would
have grown 3%. Revenue growth was driven by new sales wins as we've described over the past several
quarters. Banking adjusted EBITDA was $614 million, representing 140 basis points of margin expansion
to 42%. Merchant Solutions reported flat organic revenue growth. Prior to the spread of COVID-19,
performance in this segment was robust, maintaining the accelerating double-digit growth trends that we
reported in the fourth quarter.

The pandemic significantly impacted transaction volumes in the second half of the quarter. However,
we have recently seen improving trends in some areas. Merchant adjusted EBITDA was $422 million,
representing significant margin expansion to 45%, primarily due to the Worldpay acquisition.

Our Capital Markets segment showed great resilience, growing 7% organically. This exceptional
performance was primarily driven by continued growth in recurring revenue following several quarters of
strong new sales as well as strong quarter of license rep -- renewals. Capital markets adjusted EBITDA
was $280 million, representing 260 basis points of expansion to 44%.

As we have done in the past, FIS continues to optimize our portfolio of assets by positioning certain
nonstrategic businesses for either closure or sale. As a result, certain assets were reclassified from
banking and merchant into the corporate and other segment. These operations represent less than 2% of
first quarter revenue.

Turning to Slide 11. Revenue synergies increased 25% sequentially to $100 million on an annualized
run rate basis. We continue to see strength in our Premium Payback initiative, bank referral agreements
as well as optimization of our portfolio and debit card routing. We had several key wins this quarter,
which reinforced the power of our combination. First, another leading U.S. retailer will implement our
innovative Premium Payback solution. Demand for this product is strong and growing. The combination of
our innovative technology, development capabilities with Worldpay's reputation among the world's leading
merchants is clearly paying dividends.

Second, we signed 2 new referral agreements with leading financial institutions, adding hundreds of
branches through our distribution network. Third, we developed an innovative health care solution with

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

a leading benefits provider. The transactions are acquired by Worldpay as the merchant processor and
approved by FIS using our own authorization engine.

Even in the face of COVID-19, we are confident in our ability to achieve our 2020 and 2022 revenue
synergy targets based on these impressive new wins and our rapid progress to date.

Turning to cost synergies. This also increased 25% sequentially to $580 million on an annualized run rate
basis. We continue to make significant progress in consolidating our merchant and issuer platforms and
reducing duplicative corporate costs. In addition, we are rationalizing our facility footprint and driving
functional alignment within our organization to accelerate our attainment of cost synergies. In total, we
now have line of sight to at least $700 million in cost synergies on an annualized run rate basis by the end
of this year.

Turning to Slide 12. Given the current macro environment, I wanted to provide some additional
transparency on the areas of our business, which have seen impact from the pandemic. On a consolidated
basis, the majority of our revenues are expected to see little or no impact from COVID-19. Most of our
business is supported by recurring revenue, which gives us comfort in our ability to weather extremely
challenging periods. In our Banking Solutions segment, financial institutions rely on our mission-critical
infrastructure to continue moving money and fuel the economy. More than 80% of this business is based
on recurring revenue model, which is resilient and predictable. We anticipate this portion of Banking
Solutions to remain fairly insulated from COVID-19.

As Gary discussed, new sales have been strong, and our pipeline continues to build with a heightened
demand for next-generation technologies and outsourcing. Approximately 13% of the Banking segment's
recurring revenue mix is transaction related and has more exposure to changes in the macro environment.
For example, debit, credit and network volumes declined as shelter-in-place orders expanded around the
globe.

While Banking also has professional services revenue, our teams have done an excellent job modifying our
processes to provide these services remotely. Based on these rapid innovations, I expect modest impact
in the short-term and actually long-term benefit as we implement these new remote processes. While our
Banking business is highly resilient, impacts from the ongoing pandemic pushed revenue growth trends to
flat to slightly down in April. And we would expect this growth trajectory to sustain in the short term.

In our Merchant Solutions segment, we are a leading acquirer globally, and we are differentiated by
our technology-enabled solutions and the diversity of our client portfolio, which includes sophisticated
multinational clients, leading global brands, innovative start-ups and everything in between. This business
is based on transactional revenue, primarily driven by consumer spending.

Although COVID-19 caused acquiring volumes to deteriorate, we expect to see these volumes to start to
return as lockdown orders are eased and businesses begin to reopen. Looking at Merchant Solution trends
during the quarter, organic revenue growth was 10% in January.

Beginning in February, our travel and airlines verticals started seeing a drop in volume, initially in Asia.
These verticals eventually reached 90% plus volume declines following the adoption of travel restrictions
by various countries before stabilizing at these low levels. As global social distancing policies, lockdown
and shelter-in-place orders became increasingly widespread, we began to see the impact spread across
many of our traditional point-of-sale verticals, including retail and restaurant with volume stabilizing down
approximately 30% year-over-year in April.

There are some bright spots. Nondiscretionary verticals such as grocery and drug are resilient during
recessionary periods and have recently experienced strong consumer demand growing nearly 20%. In
addition, we are seeing strength in e-commerce, excluding travel and airlines with transactions increasing
more than 30% in April primarily driven by strong growth in digital and online retail.

In total, consumer spending trends are depressed with Merchant Solutions volumes declining
approximately 30% year-over-year and organic revenue growth trending down about 40% for the second
quarter based on April volumes.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

The 10-point delta between volumes and revenue is primarily caused by the delay of the U.S. tax filing
deadline from April 15 to July 15. We processed millions of consumer tax payments with our biller direct
(sic) [ BillPay ] solution, pushing the associated revenue out of the second quarter and into the third
quarter.

Based on our current analysis of trends, we believe April should be the low watermark. We have seen
signs of stabilization across the segment and even some improvement in traditional point-of-sale volumes
during the last few weeks. We anticipate further improvement in transaction volumes as shelter-in-place
and lockdown ordinances are relaxed.

Finally, Capital Markets was shielded from the impact of COVID-19 during the quarter, primarily due to our
large and growing recurring revenue base. In April, Capital Markets organic revenue growth was relatively
flat as professional services and license sales began to see impact, and we expect this growth trajectory
to sustain in the short term. We are confident in the long-term growth trajectory of our business, which
is positioned to resume accelerating growth in 2021 and 2022 as the global economy recovers from this
pandemic.

Turning to Slide 13. We are maintaining our commitment to invest for the future as we continue to drive
the accelerating growth profile of our business for the long term. Our capital spending plans remain
unchanged in 2020, enabling us to use this time to further invest in innovation and next-gen technology,
while others are retrenching. We will continue to invest in our global sales force to capture the market
demand for our solutions as well as enhancing our implementation and delivery capabilities to convert our
impressive new wins into revenue without disruption.

We've identified more than $1 billion in total cost savings initiatives that we will execute by the end of
2020. In addition to accelerating permanent cost actions that will enable us to achieve at least $700
million in Worldpay cost synergies by the end of the year, we are also taking additional proactive expense
reduction measures to protect our earnings and cash flow. These actions are generating more than $300
million in short-term savings through a significant reduction in short-term bonuses, restricting travel
expenditures and reducing hiring of non-revenue-generating roles and third-party expenses. These actions
are designed to minimize the impact to employees and future growth.

While these initiatives have an immediate and material impact to our second quarter and full year 2020
margin profile, they will not fully offset the loss of significant transaction-related revenue as these revenue
streams carry a very high contribution margin.

Given the impacts to date, we would anticipate margin contraction in the second quarter. However, based
on the strength of our business model, synergy attainment and other expense actions, we continue to
anticipate margin expansion for full year 2020 over 2019 levels.

Turning to Slide 14. We have ample liquidity of $3 billion as of March 31, which includes cash and
cash equivalents of $1.4 billion and $1.6 billion of available revolver capacity. We don't have any bond
maturities in 2020 with our next maturity of $500 million during the first quarter of 2021.

We also generated $539 million of free cash flow compared to $249 million in the prior year period,
representing an increase of more than 100% year-over-year. Our Board of Directors approved an
approximately $216 million dividend that will be paid on June 26.

Our capital allocation priorities remain focused on deleveraging the balance sheet. As a result of the
pandemic, our 2.7x leverage ratio target is now expected to extend into 2021.

We are focused on free cash flow generation, which will allow us to continue debt repayment and make
ongoing investments in innovation and delivery. As Gary described, we remain committed to our strategy,
and we'll continue to invest for growth. Our strong execution and the resiliency of our durable business
model gives me confidence in FIS now and into the future. This concludes our prepared remarks.
Operator, we'll open the line for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question will go to Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research.

Darrin David Peller
Wolfe Research, LLC

All right. Just one question on the Merchant business and then a quick structural question on the Banking
side, but first, on the Merchant business. And by the way, I'm glad everybody sounds like they're doing
okay through this. Guys, the mix between e-com and brick-and-mortar and what the trends you're
seeing there in terms of digital versus brick-and-mortar spending either now and recent weeks. But
probably more importantly, can you talk to how that structurally sets you up, that combined with your tech
solutions, integrated payments for the other side of this pandemic in terms of market share opportunities?
So recent trends in market share there.

And then, I mean, it's really good to see the 6 wins now on the Banking side. I'd be curious to hear your
thoughts on your position in the fintech side around digital banking. And if you're seeing a lot of inbound
demand.

James W. Woodall
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

I thought I might give some color on the April volumes, again, just specifically, and then, Gary can kind of
touch on market positioning and the wins themselves. We had really 3 different buckets, things that were
negatively impacted significantly I would tell you, that was primarily travel and airlines, which were down
roughly 90% in April. Our traditional or normal PiCS point-of-sale volumes were down roughly in line with
Visa and Mastercard's results from last week were about 30%.

The bright spots in the business were a couple of things. As we talked about grocery and drug, they were
up about 20%. E-com ex travel and airlines was up 30%. Cross-border, ex travel and airlines, was up
30%. And digital, which was mostly in support of streaming and gaming, was up roughly 80% in the
month of April. So that gives you just some incremental color on what was positively impacted, what was
moderately impacted to the negative and what was significantly impacted to the negative. And I'll let Gary
kind of touch on the market positioning and the sales.

Gary Adam Norcross
Executive Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. So Darrin, we've had extremely strong quarters in sales. We highlighted several in our merchant
business, which is just really our global nature and scale coming to play with our strong technology. So
we think that will benefit us greatly, where obviously we think we'll see a further acceleration from cash
to electronic transactions, which will play very strong to our strengths across the board in Merchant, but
especially on e-com and also on our integrated platform. So we're excited about us being able to take
share as we come out of this.

When you look at the Banking, we really have had exceptionally strong results in Banking in the sales
group consistently every quarter. This quarter, by far, Banking was the leader in our overall sales to help
propel us to 15% year-over-year. So obviously, they were north of that.

We are highlighting the significant wins in modern banking because we've talked about a number of years
on this call about when do we think we'll see this transformation of all this pent-up legacy on-premise
capability and very large financial institutions. When do we think we'll start seeing them pull this trigger
to start moving to more digital open banking frameworks? And certainly, we're seeing that now with these
6 wins in back-to-back quarters, with some really significant ones with 3 of them being in the top 30 last
quarter alone.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

As we think about fintech, one of the reasons -- do we see them as a competitive front? At this point in
time, we started our investments years ago on next-generation technology. We're a leader in cloud-based
deployment. Our systems have performed exceptionally well. We're highlighting the wins and not only
modern banking platform, but in our digital channels like Digital One. So we think that's going to play --
give us a huge competitive advantage going forward. But with that being said, we also announced this
quarter our FIS ventures and $150 million investment that we are going to do in fintech companies, just to
make sure that if there's something that we can take advantage of, we will.

But there's a lot going on, and we certainly believe that COVID-19, if anything, will accelerate this
transformation. We have a lot of our customers now trying to understand how do I get to the cloud, how
do I get the automation, how do I get to an open banking platform because these legacy systems are very
cumbersome, especially during times of crisis like this when you're trying to push people to work from
home. We've seen our digital channels -- we've seen volume. I mean Woody talked about the 80% growth
in digital and e-com. We've seen a similar front on digital across our banking business and even into our
capital markets group. So the demand for consumers to get access to their capabilities in these times of
crisis get very high. And that obviously accelerates your need for openness and digital deployment.

So we think this will further accelerate the transformation. We're seeing our pipeline, not only are we
having record sales quarter in and quarter out, we're also seeing our pipeline grow very dramatically. So
we're excited about the position we're in. And certainly, we think our team is executing well against it.

Darrin David Peller
Wolfe Research, LLC

That's great. And you guys have the capability to implement through this time and get all these deals
actually up running in the timing that you would hope for?

Gary Adam Norcross
Executive Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Look, we highlighted that in the call. If you would have told me -- look, a lot of things that we're
doing is just unprecedented in this time of crisis. If you would have told me 4 months ago, we could go to
fully remote implementations in Banking, I would have said we're still years away from that. Fast forward,
and in the last 6 weeks, we're at 100%.

And I'm involved, as you would imagine, at the CEO level, with a lot of these large key accounts. And we
really have not -- the team has just done a phenomenal job -- have not missed a beat.

Even our Capital Markets group, which was traditionally on-prem for professional services or a huge
percentage of it, we've been able to move that to 90%. So we got a little more work to do in Capital
Markets. The team is certainly rallying around that. And the customers are as well. But at this point in
time, 6 weeks in, at 100% remote implementation in Banking, that's outstanding. And we feel very good
about it.

We highlighted the 3 top 30 wins from last quarter and the 3 this quarter. But as you imagine, we signed
hundreds and hundreds of transactions a quarter in banking. And so the reality is all of those require
implementations and to really get that to 100%, it says a lot about the company and where we've made
investments. But also says a lot about our talent here and what they're doing to serve our customers.

Operator

We'll go to Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America.

Jason Alan Kupferberg
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I just wanted to ask on the cost synergy side. I didn't see an update on the 3-year target there. I think
where we left off last quarter, we were at $675 million, of which $275 million was interest expense. And
now I know that you're adding $100 million to the 2020 cost synergy target. So can you clarify where we
stand for the exiting 2022 target?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

James W. Woodall
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

Yes. We have $425 million of operating synergies exiting in 2020, along with the $275 million, gets you
to the $700 million we were discussing in terms of exiting 2020. We have not updated a 2022 number
other than we're going to be above the original target on OpEx by this year, and we'll continue to drive
efficiencies out of the process. But I think it allows us, Jason, to some level, get very focused on driving
revenue synergies and accelerating our growth profile. We're very pleased with the accelerated cost
actions that we've done to be able to get those costs out rapidly. And we feel very good about where we're
at, but we're probably not going to update a 2022 cost target at this point.

Gary Adam Norcross
Executive Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Jason, like we've done in the past, just from our position, it's all about getting this -- the integration
done as quickly as possible. Frankly, getting your balance sheet reloaded. The faster we can move on
integration, whether it's cost or revenue, the better for us as a company because we pull our teams
together in a much more galvanized way. Our clients, don't see any disruption through the process. So the
fact that we're already going to be well ahead of our targets by the end of this year, I couldn't be more
pleased with how the team -- and if you look at the revenue side as well, Woody gave a lot of input into
the kinds of signings that we're seeing in the revenue synergy and how that's onboarding.

And there's just -- what we're going to continue to lean in on that. But like always, even once we get
the cost integration behind us, what you've seen us do at FIS for years is we're always focusing on how
to further drive operating efficiencies. Woody highlighted the need to drive more functional organization
deployment. We're well down the path through the integration of Worldpay. That's going to continue.
Reevaluating our real estate as part of COVID-19 as a backdrop. We're so successful at working from
home. We're going to really take a hard look at that. So there's just a lot more levers we'll continue to
pull that will drive benefits into the future. But at some point in time, we'll want to declare victory on the
integration, and it's just more about moving on and running the business then.

Jason Alan Kupferberg
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Yes. Well, it's great to see you 2 years ahead of schedule on that target. Just as a quick follow-up. Going
back to the chart on Slide 10, I guess it was -- or 12, sorry, with the verticals or the segments, I should
say. Can you just help us on the Banking side with that chart there? You have the 3 pieces of Banking
Solution revenue. Can you just give us a sense of what the growth rates for those 3 pieces looked like in
Q1 and in April?

James W. Woodall
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

Yes. We've talked about banking overall being 83%, 17% nonrecurring. Banking would have grown
roughly 3% without the headwind. Certainly, that small sliver or 13% of the transaction-related was the
one driving that growth rate down compared to maybe mid-single digits, which is where we anticipated
and guided to originally in the plan. The balance of the 17% was roughly in line with plan. And then the
remaining 70% that's not transaction-related was roughly in line with plan, Jason.

Operator

We'll go to David Togut with Evercore ISI.

David Mark Togut
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Gary, you had 6% backlog growth in the first quarter of this year. And then at the end of 2019, you had
20% backlog growth. How should we think about these big wins, especially the 3 top 30 wins in the fourth
quarter, starting to layer into revenue for Banking Solutions in '20 and 2021?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Gary Adam Norcross
Executive Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. No, look, it's -- I just couldn't be prouder, David. And -- but as you think about it, I couldn't be
prouder of where the sales teams have been in executing in this transformation. And what we're seeing
is just a lot of continuous demand. As we've talked in the past, some of these deals are really -- have
been really long-term sales processes. And some of them, when you start getting in the top 30, some
of them are greater than 12 months to implement. So we've got a really kind of 2 scenarios. We've got
some of our signings on modern banking platform are going to launch with a single product, right, to get
to market as quickly as possible, kind of land and then expand and displace their legacy. Some are looking
to big bang displace their legacy in a wholesale broader asset class. And so for example, moving all of
their deposit operations at one time, as an example. And so depending on the scope of the implementation
also depends on how rapidly you'll start seeing revenue contribute to the Banking business. We will, with
that as a backdrop, though, be driving revenue through the implementation process through professional
services. So you're already seeing some acceleration of that growth. Woody talked about banking really
performing well in line with our plan. As you strip out COVID-19, we were teed up in banking actually
overdrive this year given everything that we've signed and given how successful those implementations
are going.

But implementation, typically, to answer your question, run anywhere, similar to the sales cycle, about
12 months before you really start seeing real processing revenue drop to the top and bottom line. And
in average, across all of our wins in Banking, that's consistently what we're seeing. So you'll notice
Banking has been very consistent, accelerating their growth rates over the last year. That's because of the
historical success of sales. So you have -- we had a great quarter, 6 quarters ago. 12 months a little later,
roughly, you're starting to see that on-boarding and vice versa, and you kind of get that momentum. And
so we're really bullish on what's going on in the Banking business.

Similar on the Merchant business as well, when you look at what -- you look at where they were targeted.
Woody highlighted the growth rates that we're seeing on the Merchant through January. We saw a little
earlier impact than some just due to our Asia exposure with COVID, but just a phenomenal business for us
in really high-growth secular markets. And then Capital Markets just had a phenomenal quarter. That team
continues to do an excellent job managing through that transition from license sales to SaaS reoccurring.
And so really, all 3 segments are just performing at a very high level right now for FIS.

David Mark Togut
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Appreciate that. And just as a follow-up, Woody, in your prepared remarks, you talked about a return to
growth in 2021 and 2022. Is there any way to start to dimension what that growth might look like?

James W. Woodall
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

I would say very difficult because the comps are difficult for 2021 in terms of what 2020 lands at, David.
But the point would be back to the original sort of sans COVID outlook we were accelerating in the lineup
that we had originally through the Worldpay acquisition because seeing us going closer to 7% this year
and then moving forward without it, into 7% to 9% in the go-forward year.

So I think the overall strategy that we talked about in terms of trying to accelerate our overall growth
profile, sans COVID-19 was playing out exactly as we anticipated.

Operator

And we'll go to Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I thought it was really impressive that you guys are fully remote with the implementations, and those are
all on track. I know that was a lot of hard work to get there. So I'm curious, longer-term implications of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

this. Does this change your delivery cost? And maybe how you bill for that relative to terms you would
normally agree to at an SLA? And I'm thinking here, could it lower the total cost of ownership for clients
that might be considering an upgrade here in any way?

Gary Adam Norcross
Executive Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. No. I think you're bringing up an interesting point. We talk about it almost daily in our daily debriefs
and how we're thinking about the pandemic and the impact it's going to have, obviously, short-term, but
also long-term. And do I think that remote implementations are going to be the new norm going forward?
Depending on how long this goes, the duration, I think these practices could get really burned in. Do I
think they'll stay at 100%? There's always a time where someone wants to be in the same room. But I do
think it will materially change the way we do business with regards to implementation.

I think travel and those expenses associated with travel are always a high number with implementations
and certainly a way for our clients and prospects to lower their total cost of ownership on delivery and
implementation. But I do think we'll see a long-term impact, where more and more of this will get remote.

From a pricing standpoint, I don't see impact there for us. I mean I think whether the remote or on-prem,
the cost of resource is the cost to resource and the way we price for that, we're not expecting any impact
whatsoever. But I do think the ability to do much more of this on a remote basis.

I think a lot of our travel, where we were aggressive over the years as all companies were on travel, I
think you'll see that, just in general, come down as well because we've all gotten very successful at video
conferencing and working through this new medium as we deliver service.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Yes. Good stuff. My follow-up, if you don't mind, just on the Merchant side. How is the -- I know you said
the pipeline for digital is strong. Do you think that you're able to backfill some of this lost travel business
relatively quickly with some new e-com business as merchants adapt to a more digital world? Just trying
to think about how that interplay of pull forward versus maybe a return to normal but how that might play
out.

And then also just -- because some people are asking me, on Slide 12, the Merchant Solutions, the wheel
chart where you showed the percentages there. Is that -- just to clarify, that's a revenue percentage
contribution of each? And because I'm sure the volume contribution is quite different.

Gary Adam Norcross
Executive Chairman, CEO & President

Right. Correct. That is a revenue contribution. I do think we'll be able to offset some of the travel and
airlines. You've already got a digital business that's already larger on a percentage basis of revenue than
our travel and airlines business. You've already got that percentage, as Woody highlighted, growing 80%.
So -- and we're also successfully taking share.

So as you think about it, I do think there's an opportunity here. If you look back historically over the last
12 months, our digital sales have performed very nicely over the last 4 quarters. And so I expect that to
continue. So quick answer is yes. I do expect that we'll be able to fill in some of that gap. And we also
expect to see our travel and airline business start showing some recovery later this year.

Operator

And we'll go to Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi.

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Thank you for all the details. Questions on -- I guess the first question is on expense levers that you have.
If you can quantify some of the things that are getting you the incremental synergies, the cost savings,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

the clarification of the incremental $300 million to get to the cost savings of $1 billion? Is that incremental
to the cost synergies that you've laid out and independent of it?

James W. Woodall
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

Yes...

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

And on the flip side, the shrinkage, as you think of it, when you have shrinkage, is 65%, 70% sort of a
good marker for negative operating leverage?

James W. Woodall
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

I'm sorry, will you repeat your last question?

Gary Adam Norcross
Executive Chairman, CEO & President

The last question, Ashwin.

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

So you mentioned that there is going to be shrinkage, obviously, right, in parts of the business. As
we think a shrinkage and the impact on margins, is it 65%, 70% a good marker for how to think of
decremental margins?

James W. Woodall
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

Got it.

Gary Adam Norcross
Executive Chairman, CEO & President

Got it. Yes.

James W. Woodall
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

I'll touch base on both of those, and then Gary can add any color. If you look at the $300 million
incremental short-term cost levers that we talked about, most of those are shorter-term in nature. Some
of those will be permanent, but most of them will be shorter-term in nature, really around short-term
bonus reduction. It will be travel reduction, as Gary mentioned earlier. We'll also have some reduction in
consulting costs. We've got a hiring freeze connected to non revenue-generating positions.

So all of those things, we can turn those levers off really quickly. But it's more -- a little more short-term
in nature. We're also looking at incremental facilities, but those are separate and distinct from the $700
million of cost synergies that we identified in the prepared remarks and in the pages themselves.

When you look at contribution margin, I would tell you, the loss payment processing revenues come on a
very high contribution margin, call it, 75% plus. So it's certainly impacting the margin profile, but we're
doing everything we can in terms of trying to protect short-term margins while, one, trying to minimize
impact on employees and minimize impact to future growth because we do believe we'll come out of this
very strong.

Gary Adam Norcross
Executive Chairman, CEO & President

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Yes. I would just -- to build on that, Ashwin, what we really wanted to focus on was our employees, our
colleagues around the world. And we wanted to make sure that we maintained -- unlike the 2008, 2009
crisis, this isn't a financial crisis. And so for us, it's a health crisis. And we want to make sure that we
maintain our colleagues. We want to maintain that we're focusing on our clients and implementation.

And so these short-term levers are not unlike what we pulled in '08, '09. And if you'll remember, coming
out of '08,'09, we actually saw a 200-plus percent of margin expansion. Now what I would tell you is
based on April results, and what we're seeing us arrive at a low watermark there. Honestly, Woody and I,
both, and the whole leadership team are very confident that we'll get margin expansion for the few years.
But several of these cost levers, obviously, will come back, right, as into next year as we start returning to
normal. Some, which will be counted outside of the synergy, will actually have long-term ramifications.

As we look at real estate, we're taking a real hard look at our global real estate footprint to start
challenging ourselves on -- we're so effectively working from home, do you need that real estate going
forward? So there will be some of these levers going forward that will actually have long-term reoccurring
benefit to FIS.

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Got it. And for the follow-on, I mean, both of you mentioned the [ sales ] coming out of this strong, which
is something, obviously, we believe in as well. The question really is, as you look at the segments and look
at the competition across these segments, what are sort of the elements of that competitive advantage
that you think you can exercise the most and quickest in order to sort of demonstrate that strength that
you mentioned?

Gary Adam Norcross
Executive Chairman, CEO & President

Well, I think we're seeing it in our sales, and we're seeing it in our accelerating growth rates across all 3
segments. We made such a conscious decision over -- about 4 years ago to really start investing heavily
in next-generation technologies like the cloud. We leverage our data center consolidation program, which
as you know, was focused on taking $250 million of costs out annually. All of that investment has allowed
us to pivot very, very quickly to not only work from home, but to drive new capabilities into the market,
whether it's through mass enablement of product.

We deployed our real-time lending solution to more than 80 financial institutions in a week's period of
time. I mean that's just unprecedented, and we were able to do that because of next-generation of
technology. So whether that plays in Banking, whether that plays in Capital Markets, whether that plays in
Merchant, on all 3 fronts, we've been making those investments. And it's really starting to differentiate.

We highlighted the large multinational and literally combining 40 different providers to just FIS, globally.

If you want an example of where we differentiate, that's the perfect example where we literally can
take out 40 different competitors, 40 different solution providers and really drive a unique omni-channel
experience for that single customer in our merchant portfolio. So we really do think that, that investment
that we started is really paying huge dividends for us.

And look, it's a very competitive market. So we see a lot of competition out there. We just feel really good
about our ability to compete on a number of these fronts.

So whether it's availability, we've got industry-leading availability across all of our technology stacks,
whether it's next-generation innovation. And we talk about it on multiple calls, where we're bringing new
innovations to market that we've been working on. We continue to functionalize a lot of our operation,
which really helps us to be much more nimble. We've now pulled all of engineering together on banking
and payments, which really allows us to accelerate those kind of investments. So there's just a lot of
things going very well right now at FIS. So I would say, across all 3 segments, those are the things that
really differentiate us.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Operator

And we'll go to Dave Koning with Baird.

David John Koning
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Yes. So I guess my first question, just on the Merchant segment, historically, we kind of thought about it
between the tech solutions and then the kind of legacy merchant businesses. And often, the first group
would grow kind of high-teens, and the second group would grow kind of low to mid. I know right now,
you mentioned e-com is challenged by some of the airline stuff. But maybe you could just give us the
growth rates between those 2 and how they move in a market like this.

James W. Woodall
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

Yes. We tried to give you some color, almost breaking down pieces within e-com, between e-com ex travel
and airlines plus 30%; cross-border ex travel airlines plus 30%; and then the digital plus 80% with airlines
going down roughly 90%.

If you're looking at Integrated, Integrated certainly had some more negative impact because of its
connectivity to small and medium-sized merchants, which has obviously had some down. So we tried to
give you some different views of color this time and break those segments down incrementally. We didn't
highlight necessarily the old way of looking at it, how Worldpay did with the tech stack because of the
different profile between small business on Integrated and the different underlying dynamics going on in
e-com, some very positive, some relatively negative being travel and airlines there.

David John Koning
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. No, that's helpful. And then I guess the same thing on the legacy way we looked at FIS, just
between GFS and IFS, it seems like you're winning a lot in GFS, but maybe how does the current situation
kind of impact the bigger versus the smaller banks?

Gary Adam Norcross
Executive Chairman, CEO & President

Honestly, we feel great about what's going on across our entire market. So we don't even really -- there's
really no way to break down GFS, IFS vernacular. We're having tremendous sales success, not only in the
large financial institutions but also in community markets. We continue to do exceptionally well with some
of our -- with a lot of our investments that we've made around cloud, our investments around digital and
all of those are contributing to growth.

So when we think about where we are in banking today, we really think about a U.S.-centric focus on the
U.S.-centric portion of banking. We really think of it as larger institutions, so larger community banks
and to the largest in the country. And then obviously, we think about banking globally in the various
regions, whether it's Europe, whether it's Asia Pacific or LatAm. But we really feel good about where the
Banking business is stacking up given -- and it really does date back to just the significant investment
that the team started making in next-generation technologies. And it's far more than just modern banking
platform. If you look at Digital One, for example, our next-generation digital omni-channel experience,
that's ubiquitous across all of our markets and across all of our platforms and even plays globally. So the
team's done a really excellent job with next-generation design, development and delivery.

Operator

We'll go to Timothy Chiodo with Crédit Suisse.

Timothy Edward Chiodo
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

I think I echo some of the earlier comments. Thank you for Slide #12, it's extremely helpful. Just given
the near-term and potentially the longer-term mix shifts in the business towards digital e-com, et cetera,
we've been getting a lot of questions. And hopefully, you can help us just clarify some of the varying
economics across the various channels, whether it's cross -- card-present to card not present, cross-
border versus domestic transactions or maybe protect -- any highlights by vertical?

Anything you can comment in terms of within the acquiring segment, what the economics are, how they
differ, potential to sell additional ancillary services? Anything along those lines would be very helpful.

James W. Woodall
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

We haven't spent a lot of time detailing out dynamics there. But overall, I'll tell you, cross-border tends to
have a little better economics; grocery and drugs have a little less. And then e-com is better than point-
of-sale. Cross-border being the top, e-com being a little better than point-of-sale. But those are kind of at
least some of the dynamics we're thinking about in the economics within those individual components.

Timothy Edward Chiodo
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. Great. That's very helpful. And then also, I apologize for circling back and my apologies if you
mentioned this already. But could you just dig in a little bit to the Q2 merchant disconnect, the 30%
versus the 40% in the pushout of revenue into Q3 that you mentioned with a little more color? That would
be greatly appreciated.

James W. Woodall
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

Yes. It's very specific. Our Merchant volumes in April were roughly down 30% in the aggregate, generally
in line with kind of the Visa, Mastercard information that came out last week. If you look at that compared
to our expectation of revenue, down roughly 40% in April, we do a lot of tax payment calculations or tax
payments for the government. And for our consumers filling their taxes, that tax deadline moved from
April 15, which is a Q2 item, when we normally see the revenue, to July 15, where we'll see that revenue
in the third quarter this year. So you just got a little swing between the second and third quarter between
tax payments, just based on moving the tax filing deadline.

Operator

And our last question will come from George Mihalos with Cowen.

Georgios Mihalos
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Two quick questions, if I may. I guess first, Woody, just to circle back on the trends in April, I think you
said volume overall was down, call it, about 30%. I'm just curious if you could talk a little bit about
maybe what the exit rate in April was compared to the beginning of the month. I would assume it's gotten
somewhat better as the month has gone on.

James W. Woodall
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

Yes, I would agree, it has gotten a little bit better. And even into May 7 now, we are seeing the trends
improve a little bit. I wouldn't say it's a rapid bounce back, but we are certainly seeing the trend starting
to improve, to your point, both at the end of April and into even early May.

Gary Adam Norcross
Executive Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Just -- George, as you would expect, as states start lessening, right, their stay-at-home policies
and start opening up the states, right, as you would expect, we're starting to see not only those volumes
bottom out but improvements as those decisions are making -- being made.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Georgios Mihalos
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Okay. That's very helpful. And just a quick follow-up. And I think, you, Woody, you sort of touched on this
on with Ashwin's question. But if we look at sort of the $300 million of temporary cost savings, cost cuts
that you've implemented, is there a portion -- or can we think about a portion of that, that may end up
being permanent?

And exactly what are you looking for to reinstitute some of those expenses? Is that a return to growth, a
specific historic growth rate? Any color around that would be helpful.

James W. Woodall
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

Yes, that's right. Within the $300 million, certainly, some of it will be permanent in nature. I think it will
be aligned with a return to more normalized growth coming on the outside of this. We had positions that
needs to be filled, but because they're not revenue-generating in the short term, we're hire -- having that
frozen versus trying to impact current employees, for example. So we're definitely going to see some
of those costs come back, but some of them will be more permanent as we try to reduce third-party
expenses, reduce travel permanently and reduce consulting costs on a more permanent basis here. So
some will be permanent. Some will be short-term in nature.

Gary Adam Norcross
Executive Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. I mean look, George, we've talked a little bit about that and another one. But as you think about real
estate, I think we'll make some real estate decisions that will be permanent in nature. As you think about
travel, we think that will be very slow to recover on certain things, especially any kind of discretionary
travel.

As you think about contractors, as you think about some of those things, and we really -- we already
had those on target, that's a really good opportunity for us to move some of these functions internally to
FIS at much lower dollars, and we add a lot of that teed up anyway. But that's just all part of the things
that we consistently do in running the company. So I do think some of those savings will be long term in
nature.

What we wanted to do as a team is just rally around the need to make sure that we keep our investments
going through this pandemic because obviously, we want to maximize our growth coming out of this. We
think there's a real opportunity given the strength of the company that we can focus on these things and
actually make some moves during this time that will be beneficial. And obviously, to Woody's point, we're
really wanting to focus on our global colleagues and minimize any impact we can here just due to the
nature of the crisis, so.

Well, thank you for joining us today and for your ongoing interest in FIS. In closing, I'd like to thank our
clients for the trust they place in us to keep their businesses up and running through these unique and
unplanned times. Their support and heartfelt thanks to our many employees supporting their businesses
has been well received and valued by our employees and leadership team.

I'd also like to send my sincerest thanks to our more than 55,000 employees worldwide, who have
remained focused on their health and safety first, while also having a clear understanding of our role as a
critical infrastructure provider, knowing that commerce in the financial world relies on us to facilitate the
transactions and move the money that fuels the economy.

Our employees' unwavering focus on our clients and their need to stay operational has been remarkable
and is a true testament to our lead with integrity FIS culture. Thank you for joining us today.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and
for using AT&T Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

