Fifth Third Bancorp NasdaqGS:FITB
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, July 22, 2021 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS 
Normalized 

0.81

0.98

20.99

0.82

-

3.36

3.24

Revenue  (mm)

1945.38

1952.00

0.34

1928.00

1958.00

7754.00

7900.29

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-22-2021 1:26 PM GMT

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.59

0.68

0.70

0.81

0.85

0.88

0.95

0.98

44.07 %

29.41 %

35.71 %

20.99 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Christopher Doll
Director of Investor Relations

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman & CEO

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

Richard L. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Credit Officer

Timothy N. Spence
President

ANALYSTS

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

Christopher William Marinac
Janney Montgomery Scott LLC,
Research Division

David Joseph Konrad
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Ebrahim Huseini Poonawala
BofA Securities, Research Division

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Kenneth Allen Zerbe
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Matthew Derek O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Peter J. Winter
Wedbush Securities Inc., Research
Division

Robert Scott Siefers
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Fifth Third Bancorp Second Quarter
2021 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Chris Doll, Director of Investor
Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir.

Christopher Doll
Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, operator. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Today, we'll be discussing our financial
results for the second quarter of 2021. Please review the cautionary statements on our materials, which
can be found on our earnings release and presentation.

These materials contain reconciliations to non-GAAP measures as well as information pertaining to the
use of non-GAAP measures as well as forward-looking statements about Fifth Third's performance. We
undertake no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this call.

This morning, I'm joined by our CEO, Greg Carmichael; CFO, Jamie Leonard; President, Tim Spence; and
Chief Credit Officer, Richard Stein. Following prepared remarks by Greg and Jamie, we will open the call for
questions. Let me turn the call over to Greg now for his comments.

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Chris, and thank all of you for joining us this morning. Earlier today, we reported second quarter
net income of $709 million or $0.94 per share. On an adjusted basis, we earned $0.98 per share. Once
again, our financial results were very strong, continuing the positive momentum from the past several
quarters.

During the quarter, we generated sequential PPNR growth of 15% on an adjusted basis and growth of
6% compared to the year ago quarter. Commercial loan production increased 10% from last quarter,
with strength in middle market across our footprint as well as in corporate banking. We generated strong
consumer household growth of 4% compared to last year, and we also experienced historically low net
charge-offs of 16 basis points, reflecting improvement in both our commercial and consumer portfolios.

We generated an adjusted ROTCE of nearly 20% for the second consecutive quarter, reflecting
strong business and credit results across the franchise. Our results were supported by our continued
improvement in our diversified businesses. In fact, we achieved record results in several of our fee-based
businesses, including commercial banking and wealth and asset management.

Despite continued pressure from low interest rates, net interest income increased 3% sequentially, and the
underlying NIM increased 2 basis points. We believe that our disciplined approach to managing the balance
sheet, including in our securities and hedge portfolios, will continue to generate differentiated performance
relative to peers.

We also continue to maintain our expense discipline while still investing for long-term outperformance. As
a result of our strong revenue growth, combined with our expense management, we generated positive
operating leverage on a year-over-year basis with an adjusted efficiency ratio of 58%.

We are prioritizing investments that drive further operational efficiencies to improve our resiliency,
generate household growth and improve the customer experience. To that end, we recently announced an
expanded partnership with FIS to modernize our core deposit and wealth systems to the cloud, which will
enable us to further our digital transformation. This will significantly improve the flexibility and scalability
of our technology infrastructure and accelerate our speed to market. Combining this agreement with the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2021

renegotiation of our existing payment processing relationship allows us to modernize our platforms while
maintaining an efficient overall cost structure.

From a commercial standpoint, loan production this quarter was at highest since before the pandemic,
with significant sequential improvements in technology, renewable energy and manufacturing. However,
our strong production was once again offset by elevated paydowns and PPP forgiveness. While we
continue to retain the customer in their core banking relationship, loan growth remains muted due to the
environment. Our commercial lending production trends, pipelines and retention of the client relationship
all continue to support the potential for improved loan growth once supply and labor constraints normalize.
We currently expect our 31% commercial revolver utilization rate to increase 1% by year-end.

On the consumer side, as I mentioned, we once again generated robust household growth. This strong
performance reflects our ability to acquire new customers, combined with low attrition, both of which were
supported by our brands and digital investments. Our recent Southeast de novo branches have helped
contribute to our household growth.

On the digital side, we continue to leverage technology and data analytics to deliver solutions that
improve the customer experience, increase revenue and drive efficiencies. We recently launched Fifth
Third Momentum Banking across our footprint, a banking value proposition unparalleled in our industry.
Momentum combines the best of a traditional bank offering with several leading fintech capabilities,
including: Early Pay, which gives customers free access to their paycheck up to 2 days early; Extra
Time, which allows customers secure an overdraft until midnight the following business day without a
fee; MyAdvance, which gives customers short-term on-demand liquidity advances; smart savings; and
other features, all provided with no monthly fee. Our strategy to keep the customer at the center has
significantly reduced our reliance on punitive consumer deposit fees, including overdrafts and ATM fees
where Fifth Third has been among the lowest compared to peers for several years. Fifth Third Momentum
Banking accelerates our efforts to help customers avoid unnecessary fees.

As I mentioned, during the quarter, we recorded a net benefit to credit losses, reflecting historically low
net charge-offs, combined with a stronger economic outlook. Our strong credit performance reflects
disciplined client selection, conservative underwriting and continued support from fiscal and monetary
government stimulus programs.

In addition to historical low credit losses, our criticized assets and NPAs once again improved this quarter.
Criticized assets declined another 16%, and our NPA ratio declined 11 basis points sequentially.

Our balance sheet and earnings power remained very strong. Our CET1 ratio of 10.4% was relatively
stable compared to last quarter, despite share repurchases of $347 million in the second quarter. As we
have said before, we remain focused on deploying capital into organic growth opportunities, evaluating
strategic nonbank opportunities, dividend increases and share repurchases.

Additionally, our capital position and earnings capacity support an increase in our common dividend
starting in the third quarter. We currently expect to request a $0.03 increase to our quarterly dividend
in September, subject to Board approval and economic conditions. We also expect to execute share
repurchases totaling approximately $850 million in the second half of 2021 and continue to target a 9.5%
CET1 by June 2022.

We recently announced the strategic acquisition of Provide, a fintech health care practice finance firm.
Provide focuses on the dental, veterinarian and vision segments and delivers digital capabilities, with
supported best-in-class experience and speed to close. Provide previously utilized and originate the
[indiscernible]. As a result, the closing of the acquisition will not include a transfer of loan balances.
However, post close, Fifth Third will retain all loan originations. We currently hold around $400 million in
loans generated by Provide and have noncredit relationships with over 70% of these borrowers through
deposit and our treasury management products. The acquisition is expected to close in early August and
will utilize approximately 20 basis points of capital.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2021

In summary, we believe our balance sheet strength, diversified revenues and continued focus on discipline
throughout the company will serve us well this year and beyond. We remain committed to generating
sustainable long-term value and consistently producing top quartile results.

I would once again like to thank our employees. I'm very proud of the way you have continually risen to
the occasion to support our customers. Our commitment to generate sustainable value for stakeholders
is evident in our second annual ESG report published in June. This expands on last year's report with
increased transparency, including enhanced disclosures on priority topics, such as inclusion and diversity,
our climate strategy and our commitment to fair and responsible banking.

We remain guided by our purpose, vision and core values and expect to continue delivering strong results
over the long term. With that, I'll turn it over to Jamie to discuss our second quarter results and our
current outlook.

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Greg, and thank all of you for joining us today. We are very pleased with the financial results
this quarter, reflecting focused execution throughout the bank. Our quarterly results included solid revenue
growth and continued discipline on both expenses and credit. The reported results for the quarter included
a $37 million reduction in fee income for the negative mark related to the Visa total return swap.

Our improved business performance throughout the bank resulted in strong return metrics. We produced
an adjusted ROA of 1.43% and an adjusted ROTCE, excluding AOCI, of 19.7%.

Our adjusted earnings per share were a record for the Bancorp. We generated healthy PPNR results, the
strongest since before the pandemic, with net interest income growing 3% sequentially, continued success
growing and diversifying noninterest income and diligent expense management.

Improvements in credit quality this quarter resulted in a $159 million release to our credit reserves,
resulting in an ACL ratio of 206 basis points compared to 219 basis points last quarter. With historically
low charge-offs of just 16 basis points this quarter and an improved economic outlook, we recorded a
$115 million net benefit to the provision for credit losses.

Moving to the income statement. Net interest income increased $32 million sequentially, reflecting our
ability to effectively manage the balance sheet despite the environmental headwinds from low interest
rates and elevated paydowns given capital market conditions. Our NII growth was driven by average loan
growth of 1% and $11 million of incremental prepayment penalty benefits from our bullet and locked-out
cash flow strategy in our investment portfolio, which that position remains at 58% at quarter end.

Our loan balances benefited from the additional $1 billion of Ginnie Mae forbearance loan buyout
purchases in early April, bringing the total third-party purchases to $3.7 billion. The other NII benefits
were from a higher day count and not replacing long-term debt maturities partially offset by the impact
of declining average commercial loan balances and lower loan yields. PPP-related interest income was $53
million this quarter, unchanged relative to the prior quarter.

On the liability side, we reduced our interest-bearing core deposit cost by another basis point this quarter
to 5 basis points and also had maturities of approximately $2.3 billion of long-term debt. With most
deposit products at or near their assumed floors, the remaining liability management benefits going
forward will likely be limited to CDs and reductions in long-term debt balances due to maturities.

Reported NIM increased 1 basis point compared to the prior quarter as the aforementioned investment
portfolio, long-term debt and Ginnie Mae loan buyout impacts were partially offset by the decline in
commercial loan balances and lower loan yields. Underlying NIM, excluding PPP and excess cash,
increased 2 basis points to 312 basis points. With a highly asset-sensitive balance sheet and over $30
billion in excess liquidity, we continue to be well positioned to benefit when interest rates rise while also
remaining well hedged if rates remain low given our securities portfolio and derivatives.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2021

Total reported noninterest income decreased just 1% sequentially. Adjusted noninterest income
increased 1% driven by record commercial banking revenue, with strength in loan syndications and
financial risk management products, solid card and processing revenue from higher credit and debit
interchange revenue, reflecting the robust economic rebound, and an increase in both commercial and
consumer deposit fees. These increases were partially offset by sequential declines in mortgage and lease
syndications.

Top line mortgage banking revenue decreased $8 million sequentially, reflecting incremental margin
pressure. Production was strong during the quarter in both the retail and correspondent channels, with
second quarter originations of $5 billion, up 7% sequentially.

Compared to the year ago quarter, adjusted noninterest income increased 15%, with strength in deposit
service charges, commercial banking revenue, wealth and asset management and card and processing
revenue, reflecting both the underlying strength in our lines of business and the robust economic rebound
over the past year. The performance and resilience of our fee income levels over the past several quarters
highlight the benefit of the revenue diversification that we have achieved.

Noninterest expense decreased 5% compared to the first quarter, reflecting declines in compensation
and benefits expenses, lower card and processing expense due to contract renegotiations and disciplined
expense management throughout the bank. This was partially offset by expenses linked to strong business
performance as well as servicing expenses associated with loan purchases and a $12 million mark-to-
market impact from our nonqualified deferred compensation plans, which had a corresponding offset in
security gains. For the full year, we expect to incur around $50 million in third-party servicing expense for
purchased loans.

Our compensation-related expense growth this year continues to be proportionate to the success we are
seeing in our fee-based businesses. On a year-over-year basis, total adjusted fees have increased 15%
compared to 4% expense growth. Additionally, compared to the prepandemic levels of the second quarter
of 2019, total adjusted fees have increased 14% compared to expense growth of just 3%.

Moving to the balance sheet. Total average loans and leases were up 1% sequentially as consumer loan
growth was partially offset by a decline in commercial loans. Additionally, period-end loans were up 1%,
excluding PPP.

Average total consumer loans increased 4% as ongoing strength in the auto portfolio and the impact of
Ginnie Mae loans purchased were partially offset by declines in home equity and credit card balances,
reflecting the continued impacts of government stimulus. Average commercial loans declined 1%
compared to the prior quarter, largely driven by PPP forgiveness and elevated payoffs, which were partially
offset by strong production across most of our verticals and throughout our middle market footprint.

Production was up 10% compared to the prior quarter and up over 20% compared to the prepandemic
levels of the second quarter of 2019. Excluding the impact of PPP, our end-of-period C&I loans were up
slightly sequentially, as client sentiment and business activities in several industries are showing signs of
stabilization.

Revolver utilization of 31% was flat compared to the prior quarter, reflecting the market liquidity and
capital markets conditions. We are encouraged by the fact that we have successfully retained virtually
all clients throughout the pandemic, which will enable us to further deepen and grow these relationships
going forward.

Average CRE loans were flat sequentially, with end-of-period balances declining 3%. Our securities
portfolio increased 1% this quarter. We continue to reinvest portfolio cash flows, but we'll remain patient
on deploying the excess cash. We will continue to be opportunistic as the economic environment evolves.
Assuming no meaningful changes to our economic outlook, we would expect to increase our cash
deployment when investment yields move north of the 200 basis point level. We remain optimistic that
strong economic growth in the second half of 2021 and an eventual Fed tapering of bond purchases will
present more attractive risk return opportunities in the future.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2021

Average short-term investments, which includes interest-bearing cash, remain elevated due to continued
strength in core deposit balances, which have grown 10% year-over-year. We have seen strength in both
consumer and commercial deposits. Compared to the prior quarter, average core deposits increased 3%.
About 2/3 of the balance growth on a sequential and year-over-year basis has come from consumer,
reflecting continued fiscal and monetary stimulus and strong household growth.

Moving to credit. Our strong credit performance once again this quarter reflects our disciplined client
selection, conservative underwriting and prudent balance sheet management while also benefiting from
continued fiscal and monetary stimulus and improvement in the broader economy. The second quarter net
charge-off ratio of 16 basis points was historically low and improved 11 basis points sequentially.

Nonperforming assets declined 16% or $126 million. The NPA ratio declined 11 basis points sequentially to
61 basis points, which is comparable to the fourth quarter of 2019.

Also, our criticized assets declined 16%, with significant improvements in retail nonessential, leisure
and health care as well as in our energy and leveraged loan portfolios. However, we continue to focus on
nonowner-occupied commercial real estate, particularly central business district hotels.

Moving to the ACL. Our base case macroeconomic scenario assumes the labor market continues to
improve and job growth continues to strengthen, with unemployment reaching 4% by the first quarter of
2022 and ending our 3-year reasonable and supportable period at around 3.5%.

We did not change our scenario weights of 60% to the base and 20% to the upside and downside
scenarios. Applying a 100% probability weighting to the base scenario would result in a $169 million
reserve release. Conversely, applying 100% to the downside scenario would result in a $763 million bill.

Inclusive of the impact of approximately $108 million in remaining discount associated with the MB loan
portfolio, our ACL ratio was 2.15%. Additionally, excluding the $3.7 billion in PPP loans with virtually no
associated credit reserve, the ACL ratio would be approximately 2.22%.

While the favorable economic backdrop and our base case expectations point to further improvement in
the economy, there are several key risks factored into our downside scenario, which could play out given
the uncertain environment. We continue to monitor the COVID situation, which could still impact many
businesses, particularly those we have identified as being in highly impacted industries or reverse the
rising consumer confidence trends. Our June 30 allowance incorporates our best estimate of the economic
environment, with lower unemployment and continued improving credit quality.

Moving to capital. Our capital levels remained strong in the second quarter. Our CET1 ratio ended the
quarter at 10.4%, which is $1.3 billion above our stated target of 9.5%. Our tangible book value per
share, excluding AOCI, increased 3% during the quarter.

As a Category IV institution, Fifth Third was not subject to the latest Federal Reserve stress test, and we
did not opt in. At the end of June, the Fed notified us that our SCB would be 2.5% effective July 1, which
is the floor under the regulatory capital rules. Without the floor, our buffer would have been approximately
2.1%.

During the quarter, we completed $347 million in share repurchases, which reduced our share count by
approximately 9 million shares compared to the first quarter. As Greg mentioned, we expect to repurchase
approximately $850 million of shares in the second half of 2021, while also increasing our common
dividend in September.

We also announced our acquisition of Provide this quarter. We will utilize approximately 20 basis points of
CET1 upon closing. This financially compelling acquisition of an asset-generation engine dovetails perfectly
with our existing strategic focus on digital enablement and generating profitable growth on our balance
sheet.

We believe in Provide's strong growth prospects. From an origination standpoint, they've produced $300
million in the first half of 2021, of which Fifth Third purchased approximately 80%. We expect second half
originations to be around $400 million, and given the expected early August closing, virtually all of that

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2021

will go on our balance sheet. We expect over $1 billion in originations in 2022 and could grow to over $2
billion annually within a few years.

Moving to our current outlook. For the full year, we expect average total loan balances to be stable
compared to last year, reflecting continued pressure from PPP forgiveness and paydowns in commercial,
combined with low double-digit growth in consumer. We continue to expect CRE balances to remain stable
in this environment.

We continue to expect our underlying NIM to be in the 305 basis point area for the full year. Combined
with our loan outlook, we expect NII to be down 1% this year, assuming stable security balances and
incorporating all PPP impacts.

On a sequential basis, we expect NII to decline around 2% given the impact of the securities portfolio
prepayment income we experienced in the second quarter that we do not assume will repeat in our
outlook as well as an assumed decline in PPP income. Within our NII guidance, we expect approximately
$165 million in PPP-related interest income for 2021, of which $106 million was realized in the first half of
the year, compared to $100 million in 2020 and approximately $50 million expected in 2022. For the third
quarter of 2021, we expect approximately $40 million in PPP income. Therefore, excluding PPP impacts,
we would expect third quarter NII to decline around 1% compared to the second quarter or up over 2%
from the third quarter of 2020.

Given the continued strength throughout our businesses, we expect full year fees to increase 7% to
8% compared to 2020 or 8% to 9% excluding the impact of the TRA. Our outlook assumes a continued
healthy economy as well as our ongoing success taking market share as a result of our investments in
talent and capabilities, resulting in stronger processing revenue, capital markets fees and wealth and asset
management revenue, which will be partially offset by mortgage declines.

Additionally, as we discussed in January, we expect to generate private equity gains from several of our
direct investments in venture capital funds throughout 2021, potentially exceeding the 2020 level of $75
million. We have recognized around $30 million in gains through the first half of 2021, which we expect to
double in the second half of 2021.

We expect third quarter total fees to be relatively stable from the second quarter and would be up
mid- to high-single digits year-over-year. In the mortgage business, we expect revenue throughout
the second half of the year to benefit from lower asset decay and higher servicing fees. The top line
revenue is expected to decline high single digits year-over-year due to continued headwinds from margin
compression.

Our fee outlook does not incorporate a pretax gain of approximately $60 million associated with the sale
of our HSA business that is expected to close in the third quarter. We do plan to redeploy half of that gain
in the third quarter, split evenly between a $15 million donation to the Fifth Third Foundation that will
complete our previously announced philanthropy commitment to accelerating racial equality and inclusion
in our communities and a $15 million additional marketing program supporting Momentum given the
upside potential we see in that product.

We expect full year expenses to be up 2% to 3% given our strong revenue outlook and the continued
servicing costs from the loan portfolio purchases as well as the incremental expenses associated with
the Provide acquisition. On a sequential basis, we expect expenses to be down 1%, excluding the
redeployment of half of the HSA gain.

As we recently discussed, we expect to consolidate 42 branches, primarily in our legacy Midwest footprint,
which we expect to complete in early 2022. Additionally, we've opened 5 branches so far this year and
plan to add approximately 25 more Southeast in-market de novo branches in the second half of 2021. All
run rate branch impacts are included in our outlook.

We generated year-over-year positive operating leverage this quarter, and we expect to continue to
generate positive operating leverage for the second half of 2021, reflecting our expense actions, our
continued success growing our fee-based businesses and our proactive balance sheet management.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2021

We expect total net charge-offs in 2021 to be 20 to 25 basis points given the strong first half performance
and assuming our base case scenario continues to play out. Third quarter losses are likely to be in the 15
to 20 basis point range.

In summary, our second quarter results were strong and continue to demonstrate the progress we have
made over the past few years toward achieving our goal of outperformance through the cycle. We will
continue to rely on the same principles of disciplined client selection, conservative underwriting and a
focus on a long-term performance horizon, which has served us well during this environment. With that,
let me turn it over to Chris to open the call up for Q&A.

Christopher Doll
Director of Investor Relations
Thanks, Jamie. [Operator Instructions] We will do our best to answer as many questions as possible in the
time we have this morning. Operator, please open the call up for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley.

Kenneth Allen Zerbe
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Now you guys are doing a lot to make Fifth Third more consumer friendly, like Early Pay and Extra Time. If
we expect that trend to continue, what's the total amount of fees or revenue that might be at risk as the
broader industry really continues to wean itself off of consumer fees?

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Ken, it's Jamie. Thanks for the question. The one thing we are proud of at Fifth Third is how much
we've reduced our exposure on the consumer side from a punitive fee standpoint and how we are, I
would say, a very consumer-focused and consumer-friendly bank. I think 3% or so of our revenue is in
consumer overdrafts, and our peers are significantly higher than those levels. We expect to continue to
improve upon that with the Momentum bank offering and some of the features that Greg talked about in
his prepared remarks.

So I think you can continue to expect that from us and that if we were to have any future changes on
overdraft policies or fees, it would only be to the positive and that we would more than make up for it with
the incremental volume from Momentum. I don't know, Tim, if there's anything else you want to add.

Timothy N. Spence
President

Yes. No, I just want to emphasize that. I mean whenever you launch a new product, the trade-off you
have to evaluate is what you think you can produce as it relates to total franchise growth relative to any
sort of cannibalization, right? So the fact that we have been deliberate about driving revenue growth
through value-added services as opposed to maintenance and punitive fees means that, for us, we're
going to get the benefit of the franchise growth and more households from Momentum, with comparatively
substantially less impact than any of our large competitors would have to the extent that they were intent
to follow us here.

Kenneth Allen Zerbe
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Got it. Okay. And then just maybe a second question. In terms of the Ginnie Mae buyouts, I think some of
the other banks this quarter mentioned they just didn't see the opportunity or they didn't have -- or they
couldn't find the opportunity, whatever, to do a lot -- the Ginnie Mae buyouts. But it feels like you guys got
a fairly decent benefit from that this quarter. Was that -- are you seeing the same trends? Or do you still
see opportunity to continue that going forward?

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

Very good question actually because what we've seen is that given we were a first mover in this product
and as far back as the third quarter of 2020 when we bought our own pools and then helped structure
these additional purchases that we've done totaling $3.7 billion thus far to date, I would say that the
economics were certainly more attractive if you were in the first mover stage, and the economics have
really waned to the point that we would not be pursuing additional purchases at these levels.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2021

Robert Scott Siefers
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

I just wanted to ask a sort of a top level on sort of the eventuality of a commercial recovery. What's your
best guess as to what that will look like for larger regionals like yourself? It's sort of unclear to the degree
to which capital markets competition will abate as there are questions regarding the sustainability of the
sort of the sugar high that consumers are on right now, meaning demand can decrease the further we go,
and then you've got all this excess liquidity that's getting worked through. So just curious to hear your
top-level thoughts on what that recovery will ultimately look like in your eyes.

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman & CEO

Let me start, then I'll [indiscernible] Tim for additional thoughts. First off, it's -- right now, there's just
a lot of uncertainty out there right now, as we're dealing with the labor shortages and the supply chain
disruptions, which are extremely real, and you see that across the board and all conversations with our
customers. But with that said, our -- we're back to pretty much prepandemic level production numbers.
But payoffs continues to be stout. And obviously, you've got some of the headwind with PPP.

So when you think about the environment in front of us, I think loan growth is going to continue to be a
challenge as we go through the rest of the year. I think we will offset that by our strength from our fee
businesses, as we talked about in the prepared remarks, to compensate for some of those challenges.

But I do think this changes over time. When you think about line utilization at 31% [indiscernible] every
1% is $750 million. So there's a lot of upside opportunity there. At some point, labor shortage and supply
chain constraints start to abate, and we'd pick up the benefit of that.

We also added about $2.4 million in new commitments since the beginning of the year and continue to
acquire new households and commercial relationships. So we're very, very positive as to what the future
might hold. But we got some economic and some environmental challenges in front of us that we have to
continue to deal with.

Timothy N. Spence
President

Yes. No, I think when we announced North Star, we talked about pivoting the return profile of the
bank to be good through the cycle. A portion of focus there was on business mix, right? It was about
constructing a business portfolio that had ballast. So in an environment where utilization is down like now
and where rates are low, we have fee businesses that are firing, they're providing nice support and some
countercyclical businesses, in particular on the consumer side, like autos and mortgages, which are doing
very, very well, right?

I think as some of the tailwind from those businesses abate, what you would expect to see is a benefit
both, as Greg mentioned, as it relates to line utilization and ultimately some benefit from rates, which
provides a lot of support for the through-the-cycle focus.

Richard L. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Credit Officer

Perfect. Okay. Good. And then maybe just a thought on overall reserving levels. You guys still maintain
a very high and conservative overall reserve. How are you sort of thinking about the steady state? Is it
back to where we were CECL day 1? Or just given the backdrop and what we've already gone through, can
we kind of blow through that a little bit on -- meaning go lower than that? How do you think about those
dynamics?

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2021

It's Jamie. I'll take that one. When you look at the quarter, with the ACL release of $159 million, we had
that split fairly evenly between the consumer portfolio and the commercial portfolio. And the decline was
essentially driven by improvements in the macroeconomic outlook prior -- versus the prior quarter.

When you look ahead, we continue to overweight non-baseline scenarios at 20%. So the upside is 20%.
The base is 60% and the downside is 20%, and that's really driven by the uncertainty in the environment,
including the vaccine efficacy. And frankly, this week's concerns highlight that risk.

So when you look at the asymmetrical nature of the upside and downside scenarios, that weighting versus
the 80-10-10 on CECL day 1 generates about a $90 million higher reserve. So I guess the first part to
your fairly complicated question is that the scenario weightings do matter, and we expect to maintain the
60-20-20 while this period of uncertainty continues to exist.

And then relative to day 1, it really is a tale of 2 portfolios. So when you look at the commercial side, to
get back to those day 1 adoption reserve rates, you really do need to see a sustained strengthening in the
credit characteristics of the borrowers that are most at risk to the longer-term negative impacts from the
pandemic. And so that would have to occur in conjunction with improving economic forecast above our
current expectations.

But then when you look at the consumer side, we're actually already below the CECL day 1 level.
We're at 1 99 at the end of the second quarter versus the 2 46 on CECL day 1, and that's driven by the
combination of the loan mix as well as improvements in real estate and auto collateral values experienced
since the adoption of CECL as well as the economic forecast at the end of the second quarter. And then
we've had improvement in credit quality in auto and card as well as in the delinquency rate. So consumer
is already there. But commercial, again, we'd have to have things play out differently than what we --
better than what we currently expect.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America Securities.

Ebrahim Huseini Poonawala
BofA Securities, Research Division

I just wanted to go back, Greg, on your announcement, partnering with FIS on the modern core and on
the wealth management side. If you could give us some visibility on 3 things: one, what that means for
near-term expense impact; what it means for longer-term efficiency as you kind of do -- go through that
process; if you could tell us what the time line would be.

And then finally, we are hearing from other banks talking about moving to a modern core and that being
a competitive advantage. Do you see that as a competitive advantage for Fifth Third when you get to that
point? Or is it table stakes given where the industry is moving?

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman & CEO

Okay. That's a lot there. So let me try and dissect a little bit for you. First off, the FIS announcement we
just made is a continuation of a relationship that's been in place for quite some time, this replacement
of our WIM to our core deposit platforms. But we've been on this journey to reengineer our technical
infrastructure, focusing on the actual resiliency and the scale of our businesses, replace our HR platform
with Workday. We completed our enterprise data strategy. We've completely replatformed our mortgage
LOS environment. So the FIS is the natural extension of the continuation of the modernization of those
activities.

We also reengineered and restructured the pricing agreement of our legacy relationship with FIS. That's
going to make help that -- the cost associated with that implementation of the new FIS components a lot
more reasonable, digestible for us, and we'll manage our costs going forward. So we're pretty pleased with
the way that came out.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2021

As far as the competitive advantage, listen, I think at the end of the day, this is a long game. We have
to continue to refresh our platforms. We got to continue to modernize our platforms to the cloud. I think
every bank is trying to get this right.

So whether it becomes a competitive advantage or not, I think it's a requirement, and it's basically table
stakes to be in the business -- to be a digital bank. Our customers expect to bank anywhere, anytime. We
have to have platforms that are always on. So that's just a retransformation of our business.

We have to repurpose our expense dollars from the legacy brick-and-mortar infrastructure, and we've got
to continue to reinvest in technology. So we're going to continue to do that. And I think the banks who
don't do that are going to be at a competitive disadvantage. But many banks, as you've already heard, are
continuing to focus on core modernization. We're going to be doing the same thing.

We think we have a great strategy for that modernization and for bringing in new technologies. We had a
buy-partner-build strategy that we've worked on very hard. And if the technology is already out there, we
buy. If we can't buy it, we partner. And if we can't partner, we build it, and Momentum is an example of
that.

We have partnerships like GreenSky and [indiscernible] data systems, CommonBond, get down the list,
and our recent acquisition of Provide. So we -- I think we've got a good strategy for moving quickly, but
it is going to take time to get all the legacy stuff replatformed. But net-net, once again, I think it's -- may
not be a competitive advantage at the end of the day, but definitely a requirement to be in this business in
the future.

Ebrahim Huseini Poonawala
BofA Securities, Research Division

That's good color. Appreciate it. And just as a follow-up on -- to that, when you think about acquisition of
Provide, health care is obviously a very hot sector. Do you see more opportunities like that across different
verticals where you might be -- we should expect similar kind of deals, which become tools for client
acquisitions?

Timothy N. Spence
President

Yes. Sure. This is Tim. I'm happy to take that one. So health care was the right starting point for us. It's
the first industry vertical that we launched here over a decade ago, and we have a vertically integrated
strategy on that front across our corporate banking group, our middle market banking group out in the
regions and now also business banking.

I think Provide was an important next step for us in the strategy because it gave us the opportunity to
provide a differentiated value proposition to independent medical practices, like Greg mentioned, with
a big focus on dentists, vets and otherwise. And Provide is a little bit unique in that it had, as a fintech
company, actually already grown into one of the largest lenders into that market, driven primarily by their
technology and their expertise. And just as a point of example there, the digital experience that they offer
enables them to get loans approved and closed about 70% faster than a typical lending process within
that market.

And in addition, because of the sector focus, they have a growing digital marketplace that actually allows
existing practice owners who would like to transition into retirement to post their practices for sale and
to get connected with folks who are interested in buying an established practice. So functions, I guess, a
little bit like the Craigslist or the eBay of dental practices today.

Are there opportunities in other verticals? Yes, we do think there are, and we have been pretty active,
as Greg mentioned, in partnering with many of those firms. Whether those relationships evolve from a
partnership into an outright acquisition, I think it depends a lot on the circumstances of the business at a
given point in time.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2021

But in the case of Provide, their next leg of the growth journey was going to be about the delivery of the
broad, the full set of products and services. And it absolutely makes sense for them to be part of the bank
as opposed to a stand-alone entity on that journey.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Jamie, this question is for you. On the securities portfolio, can you share with us -- I saw the yield, as you
presented in your deck, increased sequentially, and I was wondering how you achieved that in this rate
environment. Was it due to the derivatives and hedges you have on the books?

And then second, I think you said that, obviously, you're going to keep your -- keep the liquidity in the
portfolio until rates start to rise. I think you may have mentioned the 2% rate. Would you lean into it as
rates were to go to 2% if they do? Or would you wait until we actually got to 2% before you really move?

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think if you look back at our actions in the first quarter -- to answer the second part of your
question, if you look back at our first quarter actions, we did lag into a little bit of additional investment
portfolio buildup at that point in time. We preinvested $1 billion of our second quarter cash flows and
then, given the entry points and the rally in the bond market, decided to maintain that additional leverage
throughout the quarter.

So we did grow the book a little bit in the second quarter. Our guide assumes we hold it fairly stable as the
year progresses because we don't expect to get to those 2% or better entry points. But should the market
get there, we would lag into the trade and not do everything all at once.

But when you look at our additional $30 billion of excess liquidity that we're sitting on, we've earmarked
about 1/3 of that to go into the investment portfolio. So to get $10 billion of purchases done would
certainly take some time, and we've ramped that up over time.

And our goal here, as we sit through peer results and actions versus ours, and we certainly are an outlier
in terms of being, I think, more prudent and more cautious at deploying at these low rates. Our goal is
let's maximize our NII over the next 5 years, not over the next 12 months. And we think, ultimately, that
this is the better outcome.

And the Fed will eventually taper. Not sure when that will be. But when the largest bond buyer in the world
is price indiscriminate in their purchases every month, that certainly distorts the market. So eventually,
that distortion is going to end, and we think we'll get better entry points than what we see today.

And then in terms of the first part of your question, the growth in the yield this quarter in the investment
portfolio is really the benefit of what we did 5 years ago, with structuring the portfolio to be more
weighted to bullet and locked-out cash flows. So that to the extent there are prepayments in the portfolio,
the make-whole provisions provide a nice pickup in investment yield.

And as we -- we never include those in our outlook so that the guide on NII might look soft on the
surface. But if things continue to be the same, then obviously, NII will outperform the guide should those
prepayment penalties continue to occur. We're sitting on almost $2 billion in gains in the investment
portfolio.

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Very good. And then, Greg, I've asked this question in the past, but I'll ask it again, which is when you
sit down with your senior management team and you guys look out over the risks that you foresee on
the horizon, and if we take the Delta variant and the COVID risk off the table since that's an obvious one,
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2021

what are some of the risks that you guys wrestle with as you look out over the next 12 months that we
just have to keep our eye on looking around the corner so that we're not surprised a year from now?

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman & CEO

Yes. That's a good question. Obviously, I would respond immediately with the variant of COVID and with
that, community is slowing down the economy and not getting the robust recovery we're all hoping for
and creating risk. I think right now, as I mentioned earlier, Gerard, if you think about every customer I sit
down with, Tim sits down with, and we have a conversation -- and you're seeing it in various ways, labor
shortage, supply chain constraints, significant issues out there right now. You're seeing that in backlogs,
order delays, restaurants not being able to be open, small businesses not open full time, can't get labor.
So it's a big challenge right now. And when does that start to abate? When does that start to correct
itself? And I'm not sure when that is. I believe it will happen, obviously.

But to -- when is that? Later this year? Is it next year? So I think that's going to pull a lot of pressure.
Inventory levels are extremely low compared to what the demand that is out there. We're not seeing that
tick up right now. Line utilization is kind of flattened right now, but we're not seeing that tick up that we
were hoping to see.

So those are all kind of concerns that I have right now. Obviously, inflation is another concern out there
as we watch that, how the Fed manages through that complexity. And more to come on that. But net-net,
I think overall, the economy is fairly healthy. We just got some challenges still in front of us that haven't
been understood yet.

Timothy N. Spence
President

No. I just was going to say, if you just add little bit of color. Greg and I together were out -- we spent a
full day in 12 of our 13 regions this quarter, which made for a busy travel schedule, but a lot of good input
in terms of what we're actually hearing from clients on the ground. And I mean, some of the stories that
you hear about how people are dealing with the labor shortages or inventory supply issues are while -- I
mean, we have a client, a fuels marketer, who had to open their own driving school so that they can get
people -- enough folks with qualified commercial driver's licenses to do fuel deliveries. You have hospitals
who are operating at 50% capacity on the elective portions of their business, which are really important
driver, right, when you think about the revenue...

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman & CEO

[indiscernible]

Timothy N. Spence
President

Yes, yes. Who can't get enough skilled nursing staff on hand to be able to operate at levels above that.
And we had folks who had been sending employees out to a local CVS or a Walgreens and buying out all
of the Gorilla Glue because the adhesives that are used to seal together their cardboard packaging are
backlogged, owing to the hard freeze in Texas this last winter.

I mean really, these -- they're not theoretical concepts when you get out and you talk to our middle-
market clients. They are really hard realities that they are grappling with. And I think, as Greg said, we
all hope that, especially as the enhanced unemployment benefits wane and as we work through some of
these supply chain challenges, that our clients are able to invest in their business. But if you can't get the
people, you can't get the materials, you can't invest to grow.

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2021

Is there any risk, just to follow up quickly, that there's a permanent change in the way these companies
will manage themselves, which would lead to a lesser need for borrowing from banks like yours because of
what they're going through? Have you heard that at all from your customers?

Timothy N. Spence
President

No. No, not yet. I think we hear them exploring opportunities to be less reliant on manual labor and to
drive automation. But that drives CapEx, right, so that helps us. We hear them exploring opportunities to
secure more captive supply and otherwise through M&A, but that also drives borrowing in terms of the
way that we operate.

And ironically, actually, we hear many of them say, "Hey, we have been pushing for decades now to run
more asset-light, which meant less liquidity on hand, and maybe we don't want to do that going forward.
And we're willing to absorb slightly higher debt service costs in favor of being a little bit more liquid." And
that would be helpful to us in terms of the way it drives borrowing.

So I don't think so, Gerard. It's just we got to see our way through to the other side of this because if you
can't get labor, you can't get inventory. It's hard to grow.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

Can you relate to the income strength that you saw this quarter to the growth you're seeing in
the Southeast region? Are you leading in the Southeast with your fee-based products like treasury
management rather than credit as you grow into that region? And if you could discuss the longer-term
growth outlook across your other fee-based products in the Southeast.

Timothy N. Spence
President

Yes. Sure. Bill, it's Tim. I'll take that. I think the growth, if you look at new client relationships and
otherwise, is very strong in the commercial business in the Southeast. So they are contributing
disproportionately to the incremental fee income.

But I wouldn't tell you that it is focused exclusively on the Southeast. If you look at our new commercial
relationships, about 30% of them this year are lead with treasury management. And then there's another
percentage, which I don't have off the top of my head, but which has come to us primarily through the
capital markets business. So we are having good success using those products as wedge opportunities to
drive new relationships.

If you look forward, I think we're trying to build what is a really nicely diversified capital markets business
with low activities, like rates and commodities hedging and otherwise, to complement the M&A advisory
business and what we do in equities with what we do on the bond market. I mean what we continue to
anticipate is at some point here, the capital markets will be a little bit less accommodative. We'll get the
benefit of that in loan balances, but you'll see some lightening on bond fees.

But the other side of it is we're sitting on an M&A pipeline now, which is almost double what it was in
January 1 of this year. So we do have a nice M&A advisory pipeline that should come behind it.

On the treasury management side, we've pretty consistently grown at the rate of the industry, plus 2 to 3
percentage points. I am of the belief that we can do better than that, but it's definitely better to be taking
share there over time than it is to have the alternative situation. So we feel good about both of those fee
lines over the near to medium term.

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2021

That's very helpful. And Greg, you mentioned GreenSky when talking about your partnerships earlier. Can
you give us an update on how you're thinking about indirect lending partnerships more broadly and the
opportunity to leverage these partnerships to continue to grow nationally beyond your footprint? Critics of
that model argue that you really need to own the relationship and are at a disadvantage when all you're
doing is putting up your balance sheet, and somebody else has the relationship with the customer. But
would love to hear your thoughts.

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman & CEO

First off, there's not a lot of these opportunities out there. We had the economics of the GreenSky
relationship. And as we want it as an investor, it made a lot of sense for us. This is not how we grow our
business over time. We're much more of a relationship business. That's why the Provide acquisition was
extremely important.

When you think about Provide, that was a partnership originally. We have about $400 million in assets.
But 70% of those relationships, we had additional relationship outside the credit facility [indiscernible] or
deposit relationship.

So that was important. It's a relationship type of opportunity for us, and that's what we're looking for to
continue to enhance our business and grow our businesses.

GreenSky created another channel for us, but yes, that's a non-relationship business for us. And those
opportunities that make sense to us are very few out there. But the GreenSky one does for the economics
of the transaction put in place.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ken Usdin with Jefferies.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

A couple of quick ones. First of all, the third quarter Momentum marketing program that you mentioned
where you use part of that benefit, is that just to kind of kick start it? And then would you have ongoing
expenses related to marketing built into your forward outlook past 3Q?

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. It's Jamie. The -- yes, the $15 million incremental spend over the second quarter marketing spend
level of $20 million, so we expect to spend $35 million on marketing in the third quarter. That should
abate going forward.

However, if it is successful, then we'll continue the program at that elevated level until we've really
captured as much of the first mover advantage with the product as we can.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Okay. Got it. Understood. And then do you have any plans to -- or thoughts on resecuritizing those Ginnie
Mae loans? You got the $3.7 billion that you mentioned. I know some of them are newer. So they might
not have quite gotten to that seasoning point yet. But is that all in your outlook in terms of whether they
stay in loans or move to mortgage banking over time?

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

So for the $3.7 billion of loans that we've purchased from other third-party servicers, we have a -- there's
a nominal amount of fees assumed in the outlook related to that, as they get resold to the servicer. The

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2021

bigger economic opportunity is on the $750 million of forbearance loans that we bought directly back from
Ginnie Mae on our own production as well as within our resi mortgage portfolio.

To the extent that there are any nonaccrual or delinquents that cure, we do have -- we have had sales this
year that generate several million dollars in fees, and we expect to do that over the next 6, 7 quarters as
well. So I think it's more of a run rate normal course of business than it is any onetime pop.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

That makes sense. Last one, just -- you redeemed a bunch of debt mostly at the bank, some at the
parent. Is there any more room to do that as that's obviously still the highest cost of funding? But again,
you have all the excess deposits. What's the balancing act in terms of where you want that long-term debt
footprint to settle over time?

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Given the excess liquidity that we have, there's clearly not a need to maintain the higher unsecured
debt levels that we have. We have an additional maturity in the third quarter we'll most likely not replace.
That's about $850 million, almost a 3% rate.

So there's a little bit left to go in terms of improvement, along with running down the wholesale CD book,
but those benefits are all baked into our outlook. So I would not expect it to get better than what we've
guided to from the right-hand side of the sheet. I think the opportunity for us from an [ ag ] improvement
standpoint will be on the left-hand side of the sheet.

Operator

Our next question comes from John Pancari with Evercore ISI.

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

On the loan growth side, on the utilization, I know you expect it to improve by about 1% through the
year-end. Can you just help out with -- what is your prepandemic utilization level and maybe expected
timing where you think you can get back to that level on that front?

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman & CEO

Yes. It's a great question. I wish I knew the answer to that. I do know [indiscernible] We would typically
run at 36%, 37%. As I mentioned, every 1% is about $750 million in assets. So we're running at 31%,
kind of flat line right there.

I can't really -- we're hopeful, but I can tell my team, hope is not a strategy. We're hopeful we start to
see that tick up a little bit based on the production levels that we're seeing out there right now. Hopefully,
again, some of these challenges in front of us on the supply chain and labor front maybe abating later this
year.

But once again, it's a tough thing to say when do we get back to a normalized run rate. It's going to be a
lot. I mean it's going to be in quarters, not -- and maybe a year plus before we get there, I believe.

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

That's helpful. And on that same topic, on the loan growth guide, I know you indicated that double-
digit consumer growth, stable CRE. You've got PPP impacting commercial. What would be your growth
expectation for commercial with PPP and ex PPP on that full year guide?

James C. Leonard

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2021

Executive VP & CFO

Relatively stable on commercial. Yes, I would say -- John, I would say full year commercial average loans
would be down mid-single-digits and ex PPP, a little bit more than that, but ending the year with a little bit
of -- a little closer to stable.

And then PPP is -- we've been running steadily down as the year has progressed, where, on an end-of-
period basis, we finished the first quarter at $5.4 billion. We finished the second quarter at $3.7 billion.
That will continue to drift down to $2.1 billion at the end of the third, and then $1.7 billion at year-end is
our current projection on PPP.

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Got it. Okay. And then lastly, on the M&A front, as you look at incremental opportunities there. Greg, I just
wanted to get your thoughts on potential incremental bank and nonbank. And more importantly, curious
what you think of President Biden's executive order and the implied added scrutiny around bank deals. Do
you believe that could impact the bank of your size looking at a potential whole bank deal?

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I guess, first off, I would respond by saying our focus is on nonbank transactions that enhance our
product and service capabilities, like Provide would be a great example of that.

So we'll stay focused there for the most part. If the right opportunity presents itself in a market that's
attractive to us that kind of solves what MB Financial solved for us in Chicago, obviously, we'll always
consider those type of opportunities. But there are far and few between and not the focus of the
organization.

As far as Biden's executive order, listen, there's still a lot of work to be done. The agencies, the OCC,
Fed and FDIC and the DOJ are trying to figure out what that means. So more to come on that, but you
can believe, as I do, that transactions -- the economics of transactions could be more challenging going
forward based on executive order, and the time line to get those transactions approved may take a little
bit longer. But good transactions will get done.

Operator

Our next question comes from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.

Matthew Derek O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Just talk a bit more about the path to the 9.5% CET1 target. Obviously, you talked about the dividend
increase, the buybacks back half of this year, the 20 basis point drag. But if you put all that together,
you're still going to be -- it seems like kind of cutting water on the capital just given the good earnings
generation and probably not a lot of balance sheet growth in the next few quarters.

So do you think you'll get that target? Or are you going to hold back for kind of the loan growth? And
maybe just touch on that a little bit as we think about the first half next year.

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Our goal is certainly to get to the 9.5% by June of 2022. And yes, it is certainly a large amount of
repurchases. I think the 2 factors to bake into it would be there's 20 basis points of CET1 erosion from
the Provide acquisition in the third quarter and then 9 basis points of CECL transition in the first quarter
of 2022 so that a little bit of capital gets spent there. But yes, to your point, we have a lot of capital
deployment opportunity ahead of us to get to the 9.5%. And certainly, if loan growth doesn't materialize,
then we'll look to continue to hit the 9.5%.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2021

And then we do feel that should loan growth accelerate, we certainly have a buffer from where we think
we need to run the company from a capital perspective. Clearly, from the credit outcomes you're seeing,
we could run the balance sheet at 9% or so if loan growth were to accelerate. But for now, our focus is
just getting to the 9.5% by midyear next year.

Operator

Our next question comes from Peter Winter with Wedbush.

Peter J. Winter
Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division

I wanted to ask just on the middle market and small business. Are you seeing any willingness of them
maybe to tap their lines of credit while maintaining higher levels of cash on hand? Or is it just an issue of
the supply and labor shortages that's holding it all back?

Timothy N. Spence
President

Peter, it's Tim. I would tell you it's primarily issues with supply chain and labor, like Greg said, and not
liquidity. If you're looking for green shoots, I think that borrowers who are either smaller or who rely on
structures that look more like asset-based lending structures are starting to tap their lines. So we are
seeing modest improvements in utilization in that sector.

Now in aggregate, that's not a large segment of our balance sheet, which is the reason that you see
utilization overall at Fifth Third being stable. But generally, as these things happen, they happen at the
lower end of the book first, and they migrate upward into the larger borrowers. So I at least, when I feel
like finding a positive signal, that's where I'm going these days.

Peter J. Winter
Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division

Okay. And then, Jamie, can I just ask about the outlook for the margin in the second half of the year,
some of the puts and takes?

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. The second quarter was obviously very strong from a margin perspective, and we're pleased with
how the balance sheet has been performing. But given the high levels of PPP as well as the investment
securities prepayment penalties that we don't expect to recur or at least don't forecast to recur, we would
expect to see the NIM decline a bit to a more normalized level, which is that 305 basis point area, as what
we've talked about, but I think pretty much all year in terms of what we think this balance sheet should
stabilize at certainly for the foreseeable future.

So NIM should come down, call it, 5 bps or so in the third quarter. I would say the big drivers there,
certainly, the PPP, the prepayment penalties, a little bit of day count and otherwise still maintain that floor
of 305 or better.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of David Konrad with KBW.

David Joseph Konrad
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

A quick follow-up on the securities portfolio. Maybe, Jamie, can you remind us what the remaining
duration is for the bullet structured product?

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2021

So the total portfolio is a four nines duration. And so the bullet -- when we quote the 58% number, we're
saying that's bullet or locked out for at least the next 2 years, but the duration of that portfolio is not that
different from the portfolio in total.

David Joseph Konrad
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Okay. So the lockout is 2 additional years.

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

Correct. But there's not a step-down. For a while, we had quoted a 12 month and then we got the
question so we expanded it to 24. But there's not a cliff here. It's just slow erosion over time.

Operator

Our next question is from Christopher Marinac with JP -- with Janney Montgomery Scott.

Christopher William Marinac
Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division

Just wanted to go back to the regulatory question before, Greg. Is the environment any different than it
would have been 6 or 9 months ago, whether it's the CFPB or any of the agencies?

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman & CEO

Well, this is -- obviously, with the deck chairs changing right now, and they're still in the process on the
CFPB front from a nomination perspective. So did it change? Listen, it's been -- it's -- I don't believe it's
changed, to be honest with you. I think at the end of the day, these agencies have a job to do and a role
to play.

And I think the focus of the CFPB and the OCC and the FDIC are going to be making sure that there's
the safety and soundness. But also, the way that banks handle themselves and operate are going to be
extremely important.

So I haven't sensed a big shift in -- with the new administration on requirements and demands of the
bank in the totality, so to speak, from the top as to what they expect from us. So I'm -- it's not something
that keeps me up at night, let's put it that way.

Operator

Those are all the questions we have at this time. Are there any closing remarks?

Christopher Doll
Director of Investor Relations

Yes. Thank you, Christy, and thank you all for your interest in Fifth Third. If you have any follow-up
questions, please contact the Investor Relations department, and we will be happy to assist you. Thank
you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

