Fifth Third Bancorp NasdaqGS:FITB
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, April 20, 2021 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.70

0.95

Revenue  (mm)

1906.82

1928.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-20-2021 1:21 PM GMT

35.71

1.11

0.80

3.28

3.17

1925.60

7711.40

7744.99

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.23

0.59

0.68

0.70

0.30

0.85

0.88

0.95

30.43 %

44.07 %

29.41 %

35.71 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Christopher Doll
Director of Investor Relations

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman & CEO

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

Timothy N. Spence
President

ANALYSTS

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

Erika Najarian
BofA Securities, Research Division

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Kenneth Allen Zerbe
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Matthew Derek O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Robert Scott Siefers
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Q1 2021 Fifth Third Bancorp Earning Conference
Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Chris
Doll, Director of Investor Relations.

Christopher Doll
Director of Investor Relations

Thank you. Good morning, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. Today, we'll be discussing Fifth Third's
financial results for the first quarter of 2021. Please review the cautionary statements in our materials,
which can be found in our earnings release and presentation.

These materials contain reconciliations to non-GAAP measures, along with information pertaining to the
use of non-GAAP measures, as well as forward-looking statements about Fifth Third's performance. We
undertake no obligation to, and would not expect to, update any such forward-looking statements after
the date of this call.

This morning, I'm joined by our CEO, Greg Carmichael; CFO, Jamie Leonard; President, Tim Spence; and
Chief Credit Officer, Richard Stein. Following prepared remarks by Greg and Jamie, we'll open the call for
questions.

Let me turn the call over to Greg now for his comments.

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Chris, and thank all of you for joining us this morning. Hope you're all well and staying healthy.
Earlier today, we reported first quarter net income of $694 million or $0.93 per share. We continued our
positive momentum from the past several quarters and once again delivered strong financial results in
the first quarter. These strong results reflect record commercial banking fee revenue, continued success
generating consumer household growth and a strong underlying net interest margin.

Our performance reflects focused execution on our key strategic priorities. We continue to benefit from the
diversification and resilience of our fee-based businesses in retail, mortgage, commercial and wealth and
asset management, which are generating strong results and helping to cushion the impact of lower short-
term rates. We have maintained our disciplined client selection and conservative underwriting, which are
evident in our credit metrics.

During the quarter, we recorded a benefit in our provision for credit losses, reflecting a stronger economic
outlook as well as historically low net charge-offs, which included improvements in both our commercial
and consumer loan portfolios. In addition to muted credit losses, our criticized assets and NPLs also
improved sequentially. Nonperforming loans decreased 11% from the prior quarter, with NPL inflows at the
lowest level since the third quarter of 2019.

Our balance sheet and earnings power remain very strong. As a result, our robust CET1 ratio further
improved to 10.5% this quarter. Our CET1 target remains at 9.5%.

As we have stated many times before, we are focused on deploying capital for organic growth
opportunities, evaluating nonbank opportunities where it fits our strategy and share repurchases. Based
on our current dividend, trailing 4 quarters of net income, we have the capacity to repurchase shares up
to $347 million in the second quarter. After that, we have more flexibility in terms of how and when we
return capital to shareholders under the SCB framework. Jamie will provide more details on our capital
plan.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

The improved macroeconomic data and outlook are aligned with our strongest overall commercial loan
production since before the pandemic. Furthermore, we have seen our pipeline strengthen considerably
over the past 90 days, with significant strength in manufacturing, renewables, health care and technology,
partially offset by new demand in leisure and hospitality and CRE.

Production was offset by elevated payoffs and paydowns, combined with another 1% decline in line
utilization. We have retained the customer and their core banking relationship as virtually none of our
commercial payoffs during the quarter were the result of client attrition. Additionally, paydowns in our
corporate bank largely reflected clients tapping the capital markets, where we benefited significantly from
additional capital market fees.

Given the strong production trends, firming pipeline and retention of the client relationship, we remain
well positioned to take advantage of a more favorable economic backdrop so clients execute their growth
plans in the second half of 2021. We will continue to assess the implications of client supply chain
constraints as we progress through the year. Consumer employment, savings and spending trends also
remain favorable, given the fiscal stimulus-pumped demand and a gradual reopening of the economy
throughout our footprint.

Despite the overall economic recovery over the past several quarters, I recognize that not everyone in our
society has benefited equally. This is why I'm very proud that, in addition to producing strong financial
results, we have also continued to take deliberate actions to improve the lives of our customers and
the well-being of our communities. I am particularly pleased that we exceeded our 5-year $32 billion
commitment to invest in low and moderate-income communities by more than $9 billion. We also recently
announced a $2.8 billion commitment in support of racial equality, focused on lending, investing and
financial accessibility.

We also announced a new banking product this quarter called Momentum Banking, which competes
with the fintechs and is now our flagship mass market banking offering. Momentum Banking provides
customers with liquidity solutions in our newly enhanced mobile app to help them avoid unnecessary fees,
including immediate access to funds from digital deposits; short-term, on-demand borrowing options;
simple goal-based savings targets; free customer access to their paycheck to 2 days earlier, with a
qualifying direct deposit starting in June; and no monthly service fees.

In addition, we were honored to once again be named one of the World's Most Ethical Companies by
Ethisphere, also reflecting our strong corporate culture, compliance program and ESG actions. We are
one of just 5 banks globally to receive this accolade this year. We believe our balance sheet strength,
diversified revenues and continued focus on disciplined expense management will serve us well in 2021
and beyond.

We remain committed to generating sustainable long-term value for shareholders and anticipate that we
will continue improving our relative performance as a top regional bank. I would like to once again thank
all our employees. I am very proud of the way you have continually risen to the occasion to support our
customers and each other over the past year. You have enabled Fifth Third to continue to be a source of
strength for our customers and our communities.

With that, I'll turn it over to Jamie to discuss our first quarter results and our current outlook.

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Greg, and thank all of you for joining us today. We generated strong returns this quarter,
reflecting our solid operating performance and continued improvement in credit quality. We produced an
adjusted ROA of 1.4% and an ROTCE, excluding AOCI, of 19.8%. PPNR results were also strong, driven by
strength in both NII and fees.

Consequently, expenses were elevated relative to our previous guidance due to performance and market-
linked compensation expenses. We recorded a $244 million release to our credit reserves this quarter,
which lowered our ACL ratio from 2.41% to 2.19%. Our historically low charge-offs, which came in better

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

than expected, combined with an improving economic outlook versus previous expectations, resulted in a
$173 million net benefit to the provision for credit losses.

Continuing with the income statement performance. Net interest income declined just 1% sequentially
due to the lower day count and a reduction in prepayment penalties received in the securities portfolio
compared to the fourth quarter. This was partially offset by the impact of $2.1 billion in government-
guaranteed residential mortgage forbearance loans purchased from a third-party servicer in December and
another $600 million in March.

We have continued to take action to prudently deploy excess liquidity in order to improve our NII
trajectory for 2021, and these loans provided a more attractive risk-adjusted return relative to other
alternatives. Our first quarter NII results also included approximately $12 million in incremental PPP fees,
reflecting loan forgiveness compared to the fourth quarter.

Additionally, as we discussed previously, our prior quarter NII results included prepayment penalty
income for our investment portfolio, which declined $10 million sequentially. From a liability management
perspective, we reduced our interest-bearing core deposit costs another 2 basis points this quarter,
resulting in a cost of only 6 basis points.

Reported NIM increased 4 basis points sequentially, reflecting a decline in excess cash, incremental PPP
forgiveness fees and day count, partially offset by the aforementioned securities prepayment penalty
income decline. Underlying NIM, excluding PPP and excess cash, decreased just 4 basis points to 310 basis
points.

With a top-quartile margin relative to peers, an asset-sensitive balance sheet and over $30 billion in
excess liquidity, we believe that we remain well positioned for a higher rate environment, while also
benefiting from structural protection against lower rates, given our securities and hedge portfolios.
Additionally, we have updated our interest rate risk disclosures to reflect a 38% deposit beta to better
align with our future expectations based on the last rate hike cycle experience.

In a plus-100-basis-point scenario, where we invest about 1/3 of our excess liquidity over a 12-month
period, we would expect annual NII to be about 15% higher compared to a static rate environment. Total
reported noninterest income decreased 5%. Adjusted noninterest income, excluding the TRA impact,
increased 3% compared to the prior quarter. Our fee performance reflected strength throughout our
lines of business, including record commercial banking fees, led by robust debt capital markets revenue;
mortgage banking revenue, driven by strong production; and strong leasing business revenue.

Top line mortgage banking revenue increased $42 million sequentially, reflecting improved execution
and strong production in both retail and correspondent, which was partially offset by incremental margin
pressure. Also, as we discussed in January, our fourth quarter results included a $12 million headwind
from our decision to retain a portion of our retail production.

Mortgage servicing fees of $59 million and MSR net valuation gains of $18 million were more than offset
by asset decay of $81 million. If primary mortgage rates were to move higher, we would expect to see
some servicing revenue improvement, which would likely be more than offset by production and margin
pressures in that environment. As a result, we currently expect full year mortgage revenue to decline low
to mid-single digits, given our rate outlook.

Reported noninterest expenses decreased 2% relative to the fourth quarter. Adjusted expenses were up
3%, driven by seasonal items in the first quarter in addition to elevated compensation-related expenses
linked to strong fee performance, as well as the mark-to-market impact on nonqualified deferred comp
plans.

Current quarter expenses included $10 million in servicing expenses from our purchased loan portfolios.
For the full year, we expect to incur $50 million to $55 million in servicing expenses for purchased loans,
including the impact of an additional $1 billion in forbearance pool purchases in April.

Moving to the balance sheet. Total average loans and leases were flat sequentially. C&I results continue
to reflect stronger production levels, offset by paydowns. Additionally, revolver utilization rates decreased

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

another 1% this quarter to a record-low 31% due to the extraordinary levels of market liquidity and robust
capital markets. The sequential decline in utilization came primarily from COVID high-impact industries
and our energy vertical.

Also, our leveraged loan outstandings declined more than 10% sequentially. As Greg mentioned, we are
encouraged by the fact that we are retaining customer relationships throughout this environment and
are benefiting from the fee opportunities. Average CRE loans were flat sequentially, with end-of-period
balances up 2%, reflecting drawdowns on prior commitments, which were paused during the pandemic.

Average total consumer loans were flat sequentially as continued strength in the auto portfolio was offset
by declines in home equity, credit card and residential mortgage balances. Auto production in the quarter
was strong at $2.2 billion, with an average FICO score around 780, with lower advance rates, higher
internal credit scores and better spreads compared to last year.

Our securities portfolio increased approximately 1% this quarter as we opportunistically preinvested
expected second quarter cash flows of approximately $1 billion during March. With respect to broader
securities portfolio positioning, we remain patient, but we will continue to be opportunistic as the
environment evolves. Assuming no meaningful changes to our economic outlook, we would expect to
increase our cash deployment when investment yields move north of the 200 basis point range.

We are optimistic that strong economic growth in the second half of 2021 will present more attractive
risk return opportunities. We continue to feel very good about our investment portfolio positioning, with
57% of the investment portfolio invested in bullet and locked-out cash flows at quarter end. Our securities
portfolio had $2 million of net discount accretion in the first quarter, and our unrealized securities and cash
flow hedge gains at the end of the quarter remain strong at $2.4 billion pretax.

Average other short-term investments, which includes interest-bearing cash, decreased $2 billion
sequentially and increased $30 billion compared to the year-ago quarter. The unprecedented excess cash
levels are the result of record deposit growth over the past year.

Core deposits were flat compared to the fourth quarter as growth in consumer transaction deposits
impacted by the fiscal stimulus was offset by seasonal declines in commercial transaction deposits and a
reduction in consumer CD balances. We are experiencing strong deposit growth so far in April and expect
low single-digit growth in the second quarter from both consumer and commercial customers.

Moving to credit. Our overall credit quality continues to reflect our disciplined approach to client selection
and underwriting, prudent management of our balance sheet exposures and the continued improvement
of the macroeconomic environment. The first quarter net charge-off ratio of 27 basis points improved 16
basis points sequentially.

Nonperforming assets declined $81 million or 9%, with the resulting NPA ratio of 72 basis points declining
7 basis points sequentially. Also, our criticized assets declined 8%, with considerable improvements in
casinos, restaurants and leisure travel as well as in our energy and leveraged loan portfolios, partially
offset by continued pressure in commercial real estate, particularly central business district hotels.

Our base case macroeconomic scenario assumes the labor market continues to improve, with
unemployment reaching 5% by the middle of next year and ending our 3-year R&S period in this low 4%
range. As a result, this scenario assumes most of the labor market disruption created by the pandemic and
resulting government programs is resolved by 2024, but still leaves a persistent employment gap of a few
million jobs compared to pre-COVID expectation.

Additionally, our base estimate incorporates favorable impacts from the administration's recent fiscal
stimulus and assumes an infrastructure package over $1 trillion this past -- this year. We did not change
our scenario weights of 60% to the base and 20% to the upside and downside scenarios. Applying a 100%
probability weighting to the base scenario would result in a $169 million release to our reserve.

Conversely, applying 100% to the downside scenario would result in a $788 million bill. Inclusive of the
impact of approximately $109 million in remaining discount associated with the MB loan portfolio, our

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

ACL ratio was 2.29%. Additionally, excluding the $5 billion in PPP loans with virtually no associated credit
reserve, the ACL ratio would be approximately 2.4%.

With the recent economic recovery, and our base case expectations point to further improvement, there
are several key risks factored into our downside scenario, which could play out, given the uncertain
environment. Like all of you, we continue to closely watch COVID case and vaccination trends, which could
impact the timing of reopening of local economies and reverse the strengthening consumer confidence
trends. Our March 31 allowance incorporates our best estimate of the impact of improving economic
growth, lower unemployment and improving credit quality, including the expected benefits of government
programs.

Moving to capital. Our capital remained strong during the quarter. Our CET1 ratio grew during the quarter,
ending at 10.5%, above our stated target of 9.5%, which amounts to approximately $1.4 billion of excess
capital. Our tangible book value per share, excluding AOCI, is up 8% since the year-ago quarter.

During the quarter, we completed $180 million in buybacks, which reduced our share count by
approximately 5 million shares compared to the fourth quarter. As Greg mentioned, we have the capacity
to repurchase up to $347 million in the second quarter based on our current dividend and the Federal
Reserve's average trailing 4 quarters of net income framework.

As a Category IV bank, we expect to have additional flexibility with respect to capital distribution starting
in the third quarter. As prudent stewards of capital, we expect to get closer to our CET1 target by
mid-2022. While we did not participate in CCAR 2021, we are required to submit our Board-approved
capital plan to the Fed. Those plans support the potential to raise our dividend in the third quarter and
repurchase over $800 million in the second half of 2021.

Moving to our current outlook. For the full year, we expect average total loan balances to be stable to up a
bit compared to last year, reflecting relative stability in commercial, combined with low single-digit growth
in consumer, which includes the additional $1 billion in Ginnie Mae forbearance loan purchases in April. We
continue to expect CRE to remain stable in this environment.

Our loan outlook assumes commercial revolver utilization rates migrate closer to 33% by year-end. It also
includes the impact of $2 billion in loan balances we expect to add from the latest round of PPP, including
the $1.7 billion we have generated to date, which will continue to be offset by forgiveness throughout the
year. We expect our underlying NIM to be in the 3.05% area for the full year.

Combined with our loan outlook, we expect NII to decline just 1% this year, assuming stable securities
balances. On a sequential basis, we expect NII to be stable to up 1%. Within our NII guidance, we assume
we generate approximately $150 million in PPP-related interest income in 2021, of which $53 million was
realized in the first quarter compared to $100 million in the full year of 2020.

We expect full year fees to increase 4% to 5% compared to 2020 or 5% to 6%, excluding the impact of
the TRA. Improvement from our previous guide reflects a more robust economic rebound as well as our
continued success taking market share as a result of our investments in talent and capabilities, resulting
in stronger processing revenue, capital markets fees and wealth and asset management revenue, which
will be partially offset by mortgage. We expect second quarter fees to decline 3% to 5%, reflecting lower
mortgage and leasing revenues, partially offset by low single-digit growth in card and processing and
treasury management revenue.

We expect relatively stable commercial banking revenues sequentially. Given both our stronger fee and NII
outlook, combined with the servicing costs from the loan portfolio purchases, we expect full year expenses
to be up 1%, driven by volume-based compensation and other expenses. On a sequential basis, we expect
expenses to decline 5% to 7%.

We expect to generate positive operating leverage in the second half of 2021, reflecting our expense
actions, our continued success growing our fee-based businesses and our proactive balance sheet
management. We expect total net charge-offs in 2021 to be in the 30 to 40 basis point range, given the
strong first quarter performance and assuming our base case scenario continues to play out. Second
quarter losses are likely to be in the 25 to 35 basis point range.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

In summary, our first quarter results were strong and continue to demonstrate the progress we have
made over the past few years toward achieving our goal of outperformance through the cycle. We will
continue to rely on the same principles of disciplined client selection, conservative underwriting and a
focus on a long-term performance horizon, which has served us very well during this environment.

With that, let me turn it over to Chris to open the call up for Q&A.

Christopher Doll
Director of Investor Relations

Before we start Q&A, as a courtesy to others, we ask that you limit yourself to 1 question and a follow-
up and then return to the queue if you have additional questions. We will do our best to answer as many
questions as possible in the time we have this morning.
Operator, please open the call for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first response is from Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

I wanted to ask about your investments, specifically in the Southeast. You're obviously managing
expenses from the revenue environment. But can you talk about the priorities with the investment dollars
that you're allocating in the Southeast?

Where are those investments being made? And have we started to see the returns from those investments
come through already in the low-growth NII and fee trends that we saw this quarter? Just a little bit more
color on the return time line would be helpful.

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman & CEO

Fantastic. This is Greg. First off, thanks for the question. Listen, we continue to be bullish on our
investments and our strength in our Southeast markets. To remind you, these are markets we're already
in, so we have a presence. It's really about being a better provider of products and services in those
markets and really taking advantage of the opportunity these markets create for us.

We couldn't be more pleased to date with the progress we've seen in that market, especially if you look
at household growth, new customer acquisition, strength of our commercial businesses in those -- in
the Southeast markets. So the progress we've made to date, we're going to continue to invest in those
markets as it makes sense.

From an other investment perspective, obviously, we balance our investments for the greatest return for
our shareholders. But right now, we think the Southeast is still a good place for us to continue to invest
until we get to the scale and take advantage of the opportunities that are out there. And now, Tim, you
may want to add a few things on the progress?

Timothy N. Spence
President

Yes. Bill, so good question. Just to add to what Greg said, when we announced the build-out of the de
novo strategy in the markets in the Southeast, we announced that we were going to build about 120
branches. Only about 30 of those have come online, but those 30 branches, collectively, are contributing
almost 10% of our new household production this year. So we're seeing some benefit there, but a lot still
to come as we add another 30-plus branches in the Southeast this year and another 35 next year.

On the commercial banking and wealth management side of the equation, I think we've talked in the past
about the additions we have made in the Southeast on the fee income side of the business. Both Coker
Capital and H2C are headquartered down there and have strong Southeast presences. But we also talked
about adding 30 additional middle market bankers to the Southeast. And only about 7 of those positions
were filled in the first quarter, with another 10 offers outstanding.

So very clearly, those benefits are not yet in the run rate, but we've been very pleased with the quality
of talent that we are able to attract. And we expect that to continue to further accelerate the shift in the
business mix between the Midwest and the Southeast markets.

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

That's very helpful. As a follow-up, can you speak to your asset sensitivity and any plans to alter it from
here? And then maybe just discuss how you're thinking about the potential for layering in any swaps from
where we are currently?

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, it's Jamie. Thanks for the question. We did, as I said in our prepared remarks, update our asset
sensitivity disclosures to, I think, be a little more transparent and give you our views of how we see the
next rate hike cycle playing out. So we did change our deposit betas from 70% down to 38%.

So with that in mind, obviously, that reflects a very asset-sensitive balance sheet, as you can see in the
disclosures. How we look at it right now is that, given our view on the economy, we believe there's still
momentum and a bias for higher rates as 2021 plays out and even 2022. So for us, we can afford to be
patient.

And fortunately, our investment portfolio is running off at a pretty slow pace, and the hedges aren't
running off at all. We still have 2.5 more years before we have that headwind. So we're really not forced
into trades today that would sacrifice future NII levels just to make income now.

So I think we'll continue to be patient. We'll be opportunistic, but we would certainly like to see entry
points a little bit better. And our focus would be more on just extension of protection as opposed to laying
on net new notional amounts to where we are today.

Operator

Your next response is from Gerard Cassidy of RBC.

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Jamie, can you share with us, and maybe, Greg, too, we all have seen in the banking industry, and you
guys certainly are showing it as well, this incredible deposit growth year-over-year. And clearly, the
quantitative easing from the Fed is a major contributor to the industry's deposit growth as well as the
deficit spending by the U.S. government. Obviously, you're not a wholesale bank like some of our money
center banks that might be gathering some of these deposits from this quantitative easing.

Can you share with us where is the -- or kind of give us a time line or a trail of where is this deposit
growth coming from in terms of your customer base? And what's going to eventually bring it down so that
your short-term investments will eventually be utilized by your customers basically drawing down those
deposits?

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Gerard. Great question and a difficult answer, but I'll start with the easy parts. In terms of where
our deposit growth has come from, we're up 27% year-over-year, $30-plus billion. 70% of that has come
from our commercial customer base and 30% has come out of the consumer book.

In terms of the consumer book, the growth has really driven, as we've talked about, the 3% household
growth, but also just the consumers deleveraging. And when you slice the consumer deposit book, just
March over March, average DDA and IBTs per account are up about 30%. Savings are up 15%. So we're
seeing that consumer behavior being a little more conservative, plus the additional stimulus and all the
other liquidity programs available are just adding significant balances to these consumer accounts.

I think that will come down as consumer spending picks up, and we should expect that excess liquidity
of about $2,000 per account start to wane in the back half of this year. But for the second quarter, we
do expect consumer deposit growth to continue. We've seen that with these stimulus payments, with tax
refunds. And so we see a portion of that excess liquidity being applied to paying down unsecured loans,
but for the most part, sticking.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

From a commercial perspective, I think clients are just being more conservative. And I expect the
commercial deposit balances perhaps tick down a little bit slower in over a period of years as folks -- while
we see strong pipelines and encouragement for loan growth. I think corporations will hold a little bit extra
liquidity, given what we've just been through.

And so I think you might see the ability to grow loans without really seeing a lot of runoff in the
commercial deposits. But I think consumer spending will drive a decline in the consumer book, perhaps
sooner than commercial.

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Very good. I know you gave us some good color, Jamie, on the loan loss reserves relative to loans. And
credit quality for you and your peers has been extraordinarily good through a cycle that was pretty
dramatic, as we all know.

What do you think -- and I know it's a moving target with CECL, but what do you think about getting the
reserves down to that Day 1 CECL level in January of 2020? What would it take and how long will it take
for -- do you think for you guys to bring it down to that level?

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

So our Day 1 reserve was 182 basis points. And on an apples-to-apples basis today, if you exclude PPP,
let's call it a [ 2.30% ] level. So when you look at our process at the end of each quarter, we have a robust
process that estimates the allowance based on the credit risk in the portfolio. And that's driven by the
economic forecasts over the 3-year reasonable and supportable horizon that we use.

So while we feel very positive about our credit performance to date through the pandemic, there are
still segments of the economy and our loan book that have not returned to those pre-pandemic levels
of health. So we do think full normalization will take time and will not occur over a period of just a few
quarters.

And I guess to answer the heart of your question, to get back to those adoption-level reserve rates, we
would need to see a sustained strengthening and the credit characteristics of those borrowers that are
most at risk for the longer-term negative impacts from the pandemic, in concert with improving economic
forecasts. And most importantly, those forecasts need to improve above our current expectations. So I
think it will take some time.

Operator

Your next response is from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities.

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Can you size the level of your investments? You expect positive operating leverage in the second half of
the year. This must be taking some sort of a toll.

And I guess we've heard a lot of investments you have. The Southeast expansion, where you're opening
70 branches, that's 1 category. Second category would be other expansion markets like Texas and
California. And the third category would be the loan process automation.

So when you add it all up, what sort of impact does this have? When do these investments peak? If you
think of a J-curve as investing and hurting your profits then improving later, when do you get to that
inflection point?

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

Yes. Mike, it's Jamie. Thanks for the question. Really, when you look at our expense outlook for the year,
yes, as you mentioned, we do expect the cost of operating leverage in the second half of the year. The
second quarter of 2021 is probably going to be the highest year-over-year growth rate on expenses. And
the IT investments will be, year-over-year, up double digits.

We expect marketing to accelerate in the second quarter. And then we have the investments from the loan
servicing costs for some of the loan pool purchases. So really, when we look out at the expense guide,
each quarter should be better and better in terms of expenses. Whereas NII grows, we're at the trough
now, NII should grow every quarter.

And then as we talked about before, fees from the second quarter trough should then build throughout the
rest of the year. So that's how we see the year playing out. Obviously, we've got some flexibility to change
that expense progression, should it not play out and deliver that extra revenue. But that's really how we
see the year playing out.

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

And just a separate question. For the Southeast expansion strategy, what is the end game in terms of
where do you want to be in terms of market share where you are today, or other metrics that you're
monitoring?

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman & CEO

Mike, this is Greg. I mean, listen, as we've said many times before, we like the Southeast markets for all
the reasons you would expect. It's also one of our strongest performing -- the strongest performing sector
of our business, both on the retail side and on the commercial side and on the wealth side. So it's really
been a strong performance for us.

So the end game, we want to be, just call it, top 5 banks in the market from a deposit perspective will be
the objective of ours. That's pretty much what we search for. We think that makes us relevant. It allows us
to serve the community the best. So top 5 retail deposit is how we're thinking about it.

And then from a banker perspective, on the commercial side, just making sure we have the talent in the
market to take advantage of the opportunities down there that are presented to us. So that's kind of what
we're focused on. Tim, anything you want to add to that?

Timothy N. Spence
President

No, I think that's right. We're a little bit unique if you look at the Southeast footprint. And most of the
growth in the Southeast is happening on the Atlantic Coast side and the Mid-Atlantic and then on both
sides in Florida. And we really have a metro market strategy down there.

So -- and the focus is on places like Charlotte, Raleigh-Durham, Chapel Hill, Nashville, Naples, Tampa, the
high-growth mid-sized markets. And as Greg said, top 5 in those markets would get you to, call it, 8%
to 10% market share. In those stated metro areas, as opposed to -- including the micropolitan markets
elsewhere in the state.

Operator

The next response is from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Just a follow-up on the Ginnie Mae and the mortgage banking businesses. Do you still see room to find
and repurchase more of those Ginnie Mae buyouts?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

And you mentioned on the mortgage side that you're retaining a little bit more of your production. Can
you give us an understanding of how much of that production you're now planning to retain? And then
how much that's changed over time?

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Ken. In terms of the Ginnie Mae pools, they're becoming more and more difficult to locate.
I think, as everybody has been executing on that play for their own portfolio and as we talked about, we
bought back our $750 million in the third quarter of 2020. So that, combined with the fact that we're over
$3 billion of product now, I think that's a healthy and appropriate allocation for our balance sheet. So I'm
not looking to add more there.

In terms of the mortgage retention, we did retain, in the fourth quarter, a $0.25 billion or so of our retail
production. This quarter, we did not elect to retain anything that was salable. So we're currently selling
everything that is salable and then retaining jumbo, nonconforming and other items. So I think that's --
and that, for now, would be our intention for the rest of this year.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Okay. And Jamie, one follow-up on mortgage. You guys have been taking a long -- a little bit longer to get
kind of the pipeline through, and we saw the originations up. Can you just give us an update there on just
your outlook for origination volumes? And have you kind of gotten to the right spot in terms of being able
to get the production through in terms of that opportunity set?

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. As far as disappointing as the fourth quarter was in mortgage, the first quarter was just as exciting.
So we feel very good about how the team performed. The first quarter was very strong, and we've got the
trains running on time and everything is in a good spot, as you can tell from the first quarter results.

So in terms of the outlook for the year, we expect the mortgage originations to be up a bit, call it,
mid-single digits; second quarter volumes, mid-single digits. But the headwind is going to be margin
compression. So while we transition to more of a purchase environment here over the summer months,
volumes should be strong, margins will compress.

And then as those prepayments, refis slow down, we expect to see a little bit of a lift in the servicing
portfolio. So it's less of a headwind and, perhaps, even a positive in the back half of the year. But net-net,
I think, on a year-over-year basis, we're looking at a slight decline in both the top line and bottom line
mortgage fees.

Operator

Your next response is from Ken Zerbe of Morgan Stanley.

Kenneth Allen Zerbe
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I apologize. I was on mute. In terms of getting to the 9.5% CET1 target, how much of that comes from
being at the very high end of your allowable stock buybacks, like the $800 million in the back half of the
year, versus balance sheet growth later in the year?

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

The balance sheet growth is fairly stable in terms, I guess, of the year-over-year. We do have, I guess, the
dynamic of C&I growth, but PPP paydowns. But I don't see the balance sheet, at least in 2021, being that
big of a driver. I guess there's the 9 basis points of erosion with the CECL transition that kicks in, in the
first quarter of 2022.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

But overall, our income levels are more than sufficient to cover the balance sheet growth. So the real
benefit for us is just buying back the $347 million in the second quarter and then $800 million more in the
back half of the year to try to bring that down to 9.5% by midyear 2022. That's our goal, and then also
have a dividend increase here in the third quarter.

Kenneth Allen Zerbe
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Got it. Okay. Perfect. And then just as a follow-up, in terms of your net charge-off guidance, I think you're
at 27 basis points this quarter. Your guidance for next quarter is sort of, call it, maybe 30 basis points at
the midpoint. But your full year guidance is the 30 to 40 basis points. Are you implying that second half
should see noticeably higher charge-offs? Or is that just being more conservative?

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think it's an element of conservatism, given the uncertainty in the environment. We certainly could
experience charge-offs at the very low end of that range. But at this point in time, I feel like it's prudent to
guide to a 30 to 40 basis point range.

Operator

Your next response is from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.

Matthew Derek O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

So just to ask a liquidity question a little bit different. You actually had a more modest increase in both
deposits and the cash this quarter than what we're seeing for the overall industry. And just wondering how
you'd reconcile that difference.

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. It's really driven by our commercial clients and, in particular, our focus on retailers, where you
typically have seasonal runoff in the first quarter of every year from elevated fourth quarter balances. I
think, on a year-over-year basis, our growth is certainly at the high end.

And I think we've done a very nice job of capturing more than our fair share of the excess liquidity in the
commercial book. And then, obviously, the household growth on the consumer side has contributed. So I
feel good about how we're positioned from a deposit-gathering perspective. It's just more about when is
the right time to start putting the money to work.

Matthew Derek O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. And then, just separately, the incremental costs related to the mortgage servicing for the loans that
you purchased. There's obviously a lot more revenue that you're getting than the $50 million of additional
cost. But I guess I was a little surprised that there's that much incremental costs that are just not more
scalable. Or is it a bit of a kind of more intensive product to service, given the nature of the Ginnie Maes?

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, a very good question. The answer is actually far simpler, which is we don't service the loans and,
therefore, we pay a servicing fee. And that servicing fee is certainly on the high side, given the yield on
the securities. And so it ends up being almost a 2% servicing fee paid to the servicer. But the flip side is
you get more than that benefit, but it does show up in NII.

So when you look at our expense guide, as diligent as we are and as focused as we are on expenses, at
the end of the day, we did raise the expense guide to 2 points. Half of that is from the volume-related

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

compensation expense and fee growth, and then half is from these additional loan servicing costs that are
more than offset by the improvement in NII.

Matthew Derek O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

And what's the related pickup in revenue that you get for those loans? Or the yield, if you're up 1%?

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, high 3% yield. And then there's additional fee income that comes as the loans are resold. So all in,
it's ROA of roughly 2%, which is very attractive in this environment and certainly better than just buying
MBS in the portfolio.

Operator

Your next response is from Scott Siefers of Piper Sandler.

Robert Scott Siefers
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Just, I guess, when we talk about the line utilization improving potentially from 31% up to 33% by the
end of the year, maybe just a reminder of what you would consider sort of a typical number for you guys.
And then just as the follow-up. I'm not sure anyone has a great answer for it, but maybe just best guesses
or thoughts on why utilization isn't already improving kind of broadly for the industry, given that we all
have what seems like pretty good visibility into the likely trajectory of the economy, vaccination rates, et
cetera. Just would be curious to hear your thoughts there.

Gregory D. Carmichael
Chairman & CEO

Yes, Scott, good question. This is Greg. I'll start and maybe throw it back over to Tim for some more color.
First off, normalized line utilization for us going into the pandemic would have been 36%, 37% on an
average. So obviously, with the pandemic, you saw a spike up to 40-plus-percent.

But think about a normalized range, 36%, 37% we're running about 31% right now. So hopefully, the
second half of the year is a little stronger as we anticipate to look at a bottoms-up forecast. We can pick
up another 2% lift. That's a stretch out there, but we think that's doable, given what we're seeing in our
pipelines just back up to 33%, which is still not the normalized level.

If you think about each 1%, it's about $750 million of outstandings for us. So the impact of a 2% uplift
by year-end is less than 1% on total loan growth for 2021, given the ramp-up throughout the year. So
it's possible. But once again, I think there's a lot of variables out there that we're watching, but we are
encouraged by the pipeline strength that we're seeing right now.

Our production levels in commercial in the first quarter, we're at pre-pandemic level, so we're encouraged
by that. If you look at the pipelines going forward, the forecast right now will be about 30% up in
production over 2020, but slightly below pre-pandemic levels. And we're seeing good strength in
manufacturing, in health care, TMT and renewables right now.

And if you look at our markets, where we're seeing some good progress, Indiana, Michigan, California and
the Carolinas would jump out as a source of strength from an asset perspective. So production is strong.
Pipelines look good. We're hopeful we'll see the second -- back half of this year an improvement in line
utilization. And once again, there's a lot of liquidity out there. So it's something we're watching.

Timothy N. Spence
President

I think just to add to what Greg said, I mean, Scott, we're asking the same question to ourselves, right,
in terms of what the visibility we have into the economy and some of the signals we're seeing about a

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

pickup in inflation and input costs. I had the chance since the beginning of the year to be out in 12 of our
15 different regions and to spend time with clients there. So we've been asking that question.

And what we're hearing from them, primarily, are either supply chain disruptions. Some of that, obviously,
is that some of the global dynamics that we have talked about, whether it was that stuff stuck in the canal
or shortage of semiconductors, but it also is just access to materials. And then on the other side of the
equation, labor shortages, in particular, as it relates to the skilled trades. And the by-product of that is
we're not seeing the inventory building that you might otherwise expect to see yet.

So we're watching inventory levels closely. We're watching the ISM index closely as leading indicators
to when we may see a pickup in utilization. I think one positive note, which is reflected in the results in
the first quarter, is we are seeing increased demand on the equipment side of the business. And that is
encouraging because that obviously would be the other free condition to an expansion.

Operator

And your last question is from Erika Najarian of Bank of America.

Erika Najarian
BofA Securities, Research Division

First question is for Jamie. Jamie, thank you so much for Slide 5. I love it. Yes, most investors have
started to talk about normalized ROTCEs as they think about valuing banks with a 2- to 3-year forward
look. And even though you deployed some excess liquidity, what's stunning is how significant it still is
relative to 4Q '19. And as investors contemplate what normalized returns are for Fifth Third, where do
these short-term investments normalize to?

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

So your question, are you -- from a total return perspective ROTCE? Or are you just asking on what are
we -- how much excess cash do we end up holding?

Erika Najarian
BofA Securities, Research Division

Yes. So do you ever go back to $3 billion? Or how do you define what excess liquid is for your guys?

James C. Leonard
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Because we've -- obviously, we debate daily when is the right time to put the money to work and how
do we see the environment playing out. Right now, I think the easiest way to consider the excess liquidity
would be 1/3 of it runs off, 1/3 of it we'd love to invest in organic loan growth and 1/3 of it ultimately gets
invested in the investment portfolio.

And so in terms of what that return profile looks like with regard to the investment portfolio, we want
to wait for the right time to put the money to work. But when we do put it to work, we're at 18% right
now, securities as a percent of total assets, we're comfortable running that number at 23% or so. So that
means about $10 billion or so of that additional liquidity we would deploy into the investment portfolio
over a period of time.

Erika Najarian
BofA Securities, Research Division

Got it. And just one last question on Momentum Banking. How should we think about how Momentum
Banking can potentially impact long-term consumer deposit growth versus whether or not that
renormalizes service charges on deposits lower?

Timothy N. Spence
President

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

Sure, Erika, it's Tim. Good question. So I think we are very focused. Our strategy, as I think we've
discussed quite frequently as a primary relationship strategy, it's a focus on primary banking. It's a
focus on being in a place where you get paid, on where you pay your bills and how you build up liquidity.
And the by-product of that, obviously, as Jamie mentioned earlier, is we did see really positive trends
in the consumer side of the business because the liquidity that consumers have built up really is in the
transaction accounts as opposed to somewhere else.

So our deposit growth on the consumer side has been underpinned by, call it, 2% to 3% household growth
over a period of several years now. We would like to continue to bump that number up. And we think that
the Momentum Banking products, coupled with the expansion in the Southeast, gives us a path to doing
that in terms of the overall household growth rates that we experienced, which will support noninterest-
bearing deposit growth.

I think on the other side of the equation, yes, when somebody elects to use a short-term liquidity product,
take our early access product, the deposit advanced product that we've had in the market for several
years now, that is a lower cost way to cover a cash flow shortfall than an overdraft fee, but it's also a very
sustainable way. And owing to the fact that we have had those products and our product set for several
years now, our overdraft charges as a percentage of total consumer deposits are lower than all but one of
the large U.S. banks already.

So I think, from our perspective, we're giving the consumer the widest possible range of options to avoid
fees. We're getting the benefit of that in the form of household growth and of primacy, which is the entry
point for us to the broadest range of products and services that we offer. And because of our position on
the overdraft side of the equation and the low reliance on that fee line, we have less to give up there and
are going to be able to outgrow any sort of an impact on the fees per household measure.

Operator

Thank you. There are no further responses at this time. I'll turn the call back over to Chris Doll.

Christopher Doll
Director of Investor Relations

Thank you all for your interest in Fifth Third. If you have any follow-up questions, please contact the IR
department, and we will be happy to assist you.

Operator
This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

