Fox Corporation NasdaqGS:FOXA
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, May 05, 2021 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

Revenue  (mm)

(0.04)

4003.26

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-05-2021 3:45 PM GMT

0.58

3146.14

2.55

2.63

12658.89

13061.89

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.70

0.58

0.74

(0.04)

0.93

0.62

1.18

0.16

32.86 %

6.90 %

59.46 %

NM

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
FOX CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Joseph Dorrego
Chief Investor Relations Officer
& Executive VP of Corporate
Initiatives

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

Steven Silvester Tomsic
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Alexia Skouras Quadrani
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Benjamin Daniel Swinburne
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Douglas David Mitchelson
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Jessica Jean Reif Ehrlich
BofA Securities, Research Division

Kannan Venkateshwar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Robert S. Fishman
MoffettNathanson LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

FOX CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Fox Corporation Third Quarter 2021
Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

I'd now like to turn the conference over to Chief Investor Relations Officer Mr. Joe Dorrego. Please go
ahead, Sir.

Joseph Dorrego
Chief Investor Relations Officer & Executive VP of Corporate Initiatives

Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to our fiscal 2021 Third Quarter earnings call. Joining
me on the call today are Lachlan Murdoch, Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; John Nallen,
Chief Operating Officer; and Steve Tomsic, our Chief Financial Officer.

First, Lachlan and Steve will give some prepared remarks on the most recent quarter, and then we'll
take questions from the investment community. Please note that this call may include forward-looking
statements regarding Fox Corporation's financial performance and operating results. These statements
are based on management's current expectations, and actual results could differ from what is stated as a
result of certain factors identified on today's call and in the company's SEC filings.

Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted EBITDA, or
EBITDA, as we refer to it on this call. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures are included in our
earnings release and our SEC filings, which are available in the Investor Relations section of our website.

And with that, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Lachlan.

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Joe. Good afternoon, and thank you all for joining us to discuss our third quarter results.

Once again, we have delivered a quarter of exceptional financial results, underscoring our ability to
execute on our operating plan, while making great progress on our longer-term growth initiatives.
Financially, we generated approximately $900 million of EBITDA, nearly as much as we did in the prior
year quarter when we had the benefit of a record-breaking Super Bowl on Fox.

This past quarter, our total company affiliate revenues increased by double digits, once again highlighting
that our set of essential brands, coupled with a focused strategy yields consistent industry-leading results.
Our advertising performance was equally notable. Despite the tough Super Bowl comparisons in the prior
year, as we continue to see robust advertiser demand for not only our national and local linear assets, but
for Tubi and our broader digital portfolio as well. Steve will give further details on these and other financial
highlights. In a moment.

Over recent quarters, market commentary has indicated a focus on ratings trends at FOX News and on the
outcome of renewal negotiations with the NFL. Our achievements in these areas are entirely consistent
with the positive expectations that we have long been communicating to you. Our clear leadership in
news, coupled with the long-term renewal of the NFL, provides a strong foundation to grow our company
for years to come. Let me address each one of them individually.

We have for the last several quarters, been exceptionally forthcoming and utterly transparent about our
expected outlook for FOX News ratings throughout the election cycle. Last November, immediately prior
to the presidential election, we shared our belief that post election, the appetite for news would moderate
and that a proportion of the record audiences that we were seeing would migrate back to the comfort of
sports and entertainment content. At that time, what we did not anticipate was the short, but heightened
new cycle that immediately followed the election and that clearly benefited our competition.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

FOX CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Last quarter, we experienced a post-election audience pullback that we anticipated. We also shared
our confidence that the overall news audience would normalize back to pre-election levels. Through
maintaining our dedication to providing America's best news, analysis and opinion, we had no doubt
that the FOX News channel would regain its cable news ratings lead. I'm pleased to report that what we
have shared with you over the last 2 earnings calls is precisely what has transpired. Since the second
impeachment filed, FOX News regained its leadership position and maintained that leading spot ever since,
averaging a 40% share of total day and primetime cable news audiences.

Over this time, FOX News audience levels have held relatively firm when compared to our competition.
That have seen their audiences drop significantly. With MSNBC losing approximately 1/3 of its audience
and CNN losing over half, over half of its audience. In fact, the FOX News channel finished this last quarter
as the most watched Cable Network in primetime and finished March as the most watched cable news
network overall.

Calendar year-to-date, the FOX News channel is, again, the top-rated cable news network, an
achievement that reflects a return to the leadership position that we expect not just to maintain but to
grow.

Fortifying this success are the long thought out programming changes that we started implementing
following the election and that have continued over the past several months. In April, the Fox News
channel debuted the late-night program Gutfeld! The exclamation mark is a propose as since its launch,
the show has averaged over 1.5 million viewers per night, representing a 25% increase in the 11:00 p.m.
to midnight time period versus the month prior. To put this into context, Gutfeld! is drawing an audience
that is roughly the same size as Jimmy Kimmel Live! and larger than The Tonight Show. Despite Fox News
reaching fewer households than the broadcast networks.

Our success at Fox News Media over the past quarter is not limited to our cable networks. Fox Nation,
the direct-to-consumer offering from Fox News Media also had an impressive quarter with the highest
number of customer acquisitions since launch. And this momentum, which is carried over into the current
quarter. Since mid-February, Fox Nation has seen a 40% increase in subscriber growth. The key drivers of
this growth are the streaming of live events and the premier of exclusive flagship content, including the
streaming of CPAC in February and the launch of Tucker Carlson content, including a new video podcast
series entitled Tucker Carlson Today and long-form documentaries entitled Tucker Carlson Originals.

Given the success that we have seen with this content, you should anticipate us to continue to invest
in new programming for Fox Nation in the quarters ahead to further increase engagement with our
current subscribers and to attract new customers. Turning to the other important business development I
mentioned. We are immensely pleased with our renewal agreement with the NFL. Fox will continue as the
home of the Sunday NFC package, the most valuable rights package in the NFL portfolio for the next 13
seasons.

I just wan to reference point of its value to Fox. The Sunday NFC package has been the most watched
NFL package for the past 15 years. Our NFC coverage is an important foundation for the Fox Network and
strategic aligns with our local stations, where we own and operate the Fox affiliate in 14 of the 16 NFC
markets. Maintaining the Sunday NFC package is a significant programming milestone for our own stations
and their local business partners and for a national affiliate base as well.

In addition to our NFC package, we also added new and exclusive holiday games and secured rights to
broadcast 4 of the next 12 Super Bowls. Fiscally, we are very comfortable with the scale of the new rights
package, coupled with our decision not to renew the Thursday night package. While we could not discuss
this while we were in negotiations, our intent was always to release Thursday night and focus our future
NFL investment solely on Sunday afternoon. Not only will we exit Thursday night, but we also took the
opportunity to do so 1 year in advance of the expiration of our existing deal with Amazon, assuming
their rights to the '22 and '23 season -- or 22/23 season. Importantly, our NFL renewal also broadens
and enhances our package of digital rights, providing us with the necessary flexibility and optionality
to maximize all linear and digital opportunities in the future. Regardless of the way our businesses may
change, our rights package provides us the ability to continue to evolve our business model.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

FOX CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

For example, we'll be increasing our digital programming right away by using our expanded digital rights
to launch an NFL branded VOD channel on Tubi this coming season. Another important element of the new
NFL deal relates to Fox Bet. Fox extended its rights to continue supporting America's leading free-to-play
wagering game, Fox Bet Super 6. Additionally, FOX Bet has been designated and authorized Sportsbook
operator by the NFL. And we hope to share more details on the launch of NFL related integrations in the
quarters ahead. The opportunity presented by uniting a leading media brand with prominent betting assets
and influencers is tremendous. We continue to see substantial growth and revenue upside in this market
and are investing to further expand and enhance our presence.

Today, I'm pleased to announce an agreement to acquire Clay Travis' leading sports news and opinion
platform OutKick. OutKick is a natural complement to several of our brands and will deepen our
investment in the sports wagering ecosystem. As a leader in sports opinion and pop culture content,
OutKick provides clear overlap with our businesses and areas of expertise. Importantly, OutKick also
creates content about sports wagering and currently has an exclusive marketing arrangement with
FanDuel that has proven remarkably successful. I want to welcome Clay and the OutKick team to Fox.

Speaking of successful sports wagering businesses, we highly value our various partnerships with the
Flutter group. Currently, we are both looking to clarify our ongoing arrangements through our pending
arbitration. While the arbitration process is ongoing, we do not expect to make any further comment about
it.

Turning to a couple of other areas. The harmonious mix of leading sports and entertainment on the Fox
Network continues to prove a winning combination. Season to date, Fox is the #1 broadcast network
for all primetime programming. Fox Entertainment programming, such as top unscripted shows like
The Masked Singer and I Can See Your Voice and leading dramas like 9-1-1 and 9-1-1: Lone Star are
delivering big audiences. We are deep in our program development process and are enthusiastic about the
new shows coming to the network this Fall.

As we anticipate a return to a normalized Fall schedule, we are actively involved in our early upfront
process, and we are engaged with the leading agencies and brands about our respective plans. Brands
are eagerly anticipating the pent-up consumer demand following COVID, and Fox offers the best place to
invest in multi-platform, multi-genre advertising commitments. Because of this, the very healthy current
scatter market and the overall improving economic outlook, I am optimistic that there will be substantial
demand across all of our platforms during the upfront, as we look to deliver solutions for advertisers.

To that end, we are deeply integrating Tubi into this year's upfront discussions. The unmatched reach of
broadcast network television and the substantial digital audience of Tubi presents a unique opportunity for
our advertising partners. Our decision to acquire Tubi was present and we are focused on its growth plan
over the near term. In the short period, we have owned it, it is already exceeding all of our expectations.
And we continue to find innovative ways to expand its product offering and propel its growth.

In terms of operating performance, in the month of March, Tubi's reach increased over 30% as measured
by viewers, and now reaches 40 million monthly active users. But as we have shared before, we are
intently focused on engagement, as measured by total view time or TVT, because that is what we
monetize. To that end, Tubi generated over 275-million hours of total view time streamed in March, a
monthly record for the platform. Tubi also set a record for total view time in the third quarter with nearly
800-million hours streamed, up more than 50% year-over-year.

And this is on top of the exponential growth the platform experienced in 2020, where Tubi streamed
more than 2.5 billion hours of content. We also shared additional demographic info for Tubi as part of its
impressive new front presentation earlier this week. The median age of the platform's viewers is 37 years.
That's 20 years younger than linear TV. Nearly 40% of Tubi's audience identifies as multicultural, and over
2/3 of its audience does not watch other ad-supported streaming services. Tubi truly broadens the reach
of network television and allows our advertising partners to access -- to asset -- to access a substantial
incremental digital audience.

And an audience that is not readily consuming other AVOD services as well. The increase in viewers,
total view time and the unmatched advertising opportunity has translated into significant year-over-year

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

FOX CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

revenue gains. Tubi's quarterly revenue increased over 150% compared to the same period last year. The
power of Fox's promotional sales and content synergies are accelerating Tubi's business. Putting it on a
path to be $1 billion revenue business in the coming years. On the content side, Tubi has now expanded
its library to over 30,000 titles, comprising of movies and series from all major Hollywood studios.

Additionally, we are continuing to make more FOX programs available on the platform. Tubi features key
Fox titles, including The Mass Singer, I Can See Your Voice and LEGO Masters, among others. And while
Tubi continues to expand this library, it will also soon be home through its own original content. This Fall,
Tubi will introduce approximately 150 hours of original content, including movies and documentaries
produced by Fox or alternative entertainment and animated films produced by Bento Box. Contrary to the
strategy of the major SVOD services, Tubi's goal is to turbocharge certain genres of content that already
make Tubi successful. And thereby allow us to super serve certain segments of Tubi's audience.

Again, all to continue to drive engagement and therefore, monetization to new heights. And the good
news is, given Tubi's best-in-class tech stack, we will be able to measure the ROI on the original content
investment as we go. Another important differentiator of Tubi's content is live local news. Tubi recently
closed deals with Scripps and Cox to bring an additional 20 local new stations to the platform later this
year. These added stations extend news on Tubi's reach to 24 of the top 25 markets. Underpinning the
news on Tubi, offering our live local news feeds from 18 owned and operated Fox Television Stations.

In total, News on Tubi will carry nearly 100 local station feeds in 2021, covering 58 DMAs and offering
the most robust local news offering of any free streaming service. Another digital achievement across the
company is the growth we are seeing at Fox Television Stations. Digital ad sales at our core stations were
up nearly 40% compared to the third quarter last year. Our multiyear strategic investment to further build
our digital capabilities and enhance our digital product and advertising teams at the stations are yielding
great results.

Across the entire company, we surpassed $1 billion in digital revenues for the third quarter year-to-
date. Our owned and operated stations are also benefiting from the ongoing lifting of COVID restrictions.
The financial services category and the entertainment category, which includes gaming, are performing
particularly well. We are optimistic that this trajectory will continue as restaurants, retail and other
businesses continue to reopen in the large metro areas where our stations are located.

Even despite COVID related disruptions, our fiscal year-to-date has been characterized by an operating
and financial performance that has exceeded even our own high standards and our initial expectations.
Our core businesses provide a stable foundation for the opportunities that will propel our future growth.
We are optimistic about the current fourth quarter and look forward to milestones in fiscal 2022 that
include the return of our full sports and entertainment lineups, the beginning of the midterm election
season, investments in the growth of Tubi and Fox Nation, the launch of Fox Weather and the integration
of OutKick. We continue to capitalize on the ongoing momentum of our core brands as well as capturing
the added growth from the initiatives I've discussed today.

And now with that, Steve will take us through the details of this impressive quarter.

Steven Silvester Tomsic
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Lachlan, and good afternoon. Having delivered another strong quarter, we are encouraged by
the robust underlying trends that underpin our distribution and advertising revenues, and our strategic
investments are exceeding expectations, highlighted by the trajectory of Tubi. Before reviewing our
financial performance for the quarter, it is worth noting at the outset that our third quarter results are
comparing against our broadcast of Super Bowl LIV in the prior corresponding quarter. Which accounted
for approximately $500 million of net advertising revenue and approximately $100 million of EBITDA
across the company last year. Where appropriate, I will share both our reported results and the underlying
performance when excluding the impact of Super Bowl LIV.

Now turning to our results for the current quarter. Our leadership brands and focused portfolio of assets
delivered double-digit growth in total company affiliate revenues and mid-single digit growth in underlying

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

FOX CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

total company advertising revenues. Excluding the benefit of the Super Bowl in the prior year quarter and
the consolidation of Tubi in the current year quarter. Total company affiliate revenues increased 10%, with
18% growth at the Television segment and healthy 6% growth at the cable segment. Meanwhile, the rate
of subscriber declines continued to moderate in the quarter, with trailing 12-month industry sub losses
running at approximately 4.5%. Our reported advertising revenues declined 24% in the quarter due to the
absence of the prior year broadcast of Super Bowl LIV and a slower news cycle. Despite the headwinds
from comparability, our brands continue to deliver robust CPM growth across the portfolio, led by the Fox
Network and Fox News. Encouragingly, our core local television stations ex Super Bowl, political and the
impact of the Nexstar transaction returned to growth across the base market in the quarter. Meanwhile,
advertising revenue growth at Tubi continues to exceed expectations.

Today, we anticipate reaching revenue of $350 million for the current fiscal year, which is up from the
$300 million forecast we shared with you on our last earnings call. Putting it all together, reported total
company revenues of $3.22 billion were down 7% over the comparative period in fiscal '20. Excluding the
impact of Super Bowl and the acquisition of Tubi, underlying total company revenues increased mid-single
digits.

Quarterly adjusted EBITDA was $899 million, down 2% over the comparative period in fiscal '20. Excluding
last year's Super Bowl contribution, quarterly adjusted EBITDA grew low double digits, led by continued
growth at the cable network segment. Net income attributable to stockholders of $567 million or $0.96
per share was notably higher than the 8 -- $78 million or $0.13 per share in the prior year quarter. This
was primarily the result of movements recognized in other net, including the mark-to-market adjustments
associated with the company's investments. Excluding this impact and other noncore items, adjusted EPS
of $0.88 was up slightly from last year's $0.93, primarily reflecting the comparative items that I've just
mentioned.

Turning to the performance of our operating segments for the quarter. Our cable network reported a 7%
increase in EBITDA on essentially stable revenues. Cable affiliate revenues increased 6%, once again, led
by double-digit pricing gains at FOX News and continued moderation in the rate of industry subscriber
erosion. Cable advertising revenues decreased 7%, as continued strength in linear pricing and digital
commercialization at Fox News Media was more than offset by the elevated linear audience levels of the
prior year. Cable other revenues fell 24%, and primarily due to this lower sports sublicensing revenues and
the absence of paper view boxing events in the current year, both due to COVID as well as the disposition
of our sports marketing businesses.

EBITDA at our cable segment increased by $58 million over the prior year and benefited from lower costs
at Fox Sports, including the absence of the prior year's Super Bowl Week studio shows and production
cost efficiencies. Our Television segment reported a 12% decline in revenues and an $89 million decline in
EBITDA, both of which principally reflects the absence of the prior year contribution from the broadcast of
Super Bowl LIV.

Television affiliate revenues increased 18% in the quarter. This robust growth reflects double-
digit increases for both our programming fees from non-owned station affiliates, and for our direct
retransmission revenues at our owned and operated stations. And reaffirms we are on track to achieve
the Television affiliate revenue growth we outlined at our Investor Day. Television advertising revenues
declined by 28%, primarily due to the absence of the prior year Super Bowl, partially offset by the benefit
this quarter from the timing of our NFL week 17 doubleheader and the rotating NFL divisional playoff
game.

Meanwhile, on the back of the increase in total view time Lachlan mentioned earlier, Tubi set another
advertising record this time for the March quarter, which seasonally is its slowest quarter. Other revenues
at Television increased 21%, led by higher co-production revenues at Fox Entertainment and higher
content revenues at Bento Box.

Turning now to cash flow. In the quarter, we generated strong free cash flow of $1.54 billion, reflecting
our normal seasonal cycle of collecting advertising revenues from our fall programming and the result of
our sports rights payments being concentrated in the first half of our fiscal year. Year-to-date, we have
deployed $825 million of capital to repurchase approximately 19 million Class A shares and nearly 8

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

FOX CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

million Class-B shares. And are on track to complete the $1 billion of share repurchases this fiscal year
that we announced on our last call.

Against our buyback authorization of $2 billion we have now cumulative fleet repurchased over $1.42
billion, representing approximately 7% of our total shares outstanding since the launch of the buyback
program in November 2019. From a balance sheet perspective, we ended the quarter with $5.77 billion
in cash and $7.95 billion in debt. As we look to the final quarter of our fiscal year, we expect continued
progress in affiliate revenue growth and for our advertising revenues to strongly outpace prior year, driven
in large part by the strong rebound in local advertising sales as well as the acquisition of Tubi.

While this top line growth in the quarter will be more than offset by our investments in the Tubi and Fox
News Media digital platforms as well as higher programming costs due to the return of normal sports and
entertainment schedules. We expect to deliver full year revenues and EBITDA comfortably ahead of fiscal
2020 despite the challenges of COVID and the comparison to a super bowl year.

And with that, I'll now hand the call back to Joe.

Joseph Dorrego
Chief Investor Relations Officer & Executive VP of Corporate Initiatives
Thank you, Steve. And now we'd be happy to take questions from the investment community.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

FOX CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

We have a question from the line of Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.

Alexia Skouras Quadrani
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just really circling back to the decision to get out of Thursday Night Football a year earlier. I'm curious
what kind of programming you plan to replace it with? And then more generally speaking, what other
sports rights would make sense for you guys in terms of potentially adding to that portfolio?

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Alexia. I hope you're doing well. So we -- Thursday Night Football when we entered into that
agreement some years ago. We were focused on building that brand for the NFL. And really sort of
increasing its ratings and it's our production quality, bring it back to one home, if you remember, it was
split amongst a couple of different networks. And I think we achieved all of those goals. But having said
that, it was expensive. And Sunday afternoon football is really the home of football, frankly, for America
and for Fox.

So having the -- securing the NFC package, at an appropriate price for us was our absolute focus. By
releasing Thursday Night Football early, a year early than we have to, we're going to achieve roughly a
$350 million to $400 million EBITDA positive impact in that fiscal year. Which we think is important and
then invest in the NFL rights going forward. So financially, it was absolutely the right decision, and we're
proud of how we've being custodians of Thursday Night Football over the last few years.

Alexia Skouras Quadrani
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And in terms of other sports rights, you might make sense for you guys to look at? Or are you very happy
with the NFL and few -- and the other sports you already have and there's really nothing else.

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

No. Look, we're always keeping an open eye on sports rights and sports rights that come available. I think
we look at everything. But we're very sort of financially disciplined with what we believe they're worth on
our -- certainly on our platforms. And paying appropriate prices that are going to drive either our growth,
whether it's from a subscription or retransmission point of view or an advertising point of view. But we
continue to look at any significant sports rights that come available.

Joseph Dorrego
Chief Investor Relations Officer & Executive VP of Corporate Initiatives

Operator, can we go to the next question please?

Operator

We have a question from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.

Benjamin Daniel Swinburne
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I wanted to ask a couple of questions on Tubi sort of the longer-term strategy, I know you guys have
owned it, I think, for about a year or maybe a little less. On the programming side, Lachlan, how are

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

FOX CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

you thinking about programming Tubi as it relates to content that Fox owns and produces sort of the
way you've run the broadcast network over the years. Versus just trying to build a big audience that you
can monetize through advertising and using third-party content. If you have a view on that yet to be
interested. And then as you go-to-market in the upfront and think about even the $350 million guidance
you've given, how do we think about how incremental that is? In other words, I guess there's an argument
that maybe some of that money is just coming out of Fox Broadcast with out of one pocket and into the
other. Can you just talk a little bit about your conviction in driving incremental revenue into the company
from Tubi over the course of the next year or so?

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

Sure. So thanks, Ben. Thanks for the question. So first of all, on Tubi, the programming strategy at
Tubi, is entirely as we've discussed. And this is a critical difference between Tubi and some of the other
subscription video on-demand services and the hybrid advertising into subscription video on-demand
services that we see our competitors operating. And the Tubi is entirely focused on total viewing time. And
the reason we're entirely focused on total viewing time is because that translates directly into revenue.

So the more we can grow total viewing time, and this is as opposed to purely users or in SVOD service
subscribers, the more we can grow total viewing time, we can translate that very directly into increased
advertising revenues. And so when we look at our program strategy, we're not interested in spending
billions of dollars as the others are on sort of driving subscriber bases with very expensive programming.
What we're interested in doing is very efficiently scaling our programming to drive our total viewing time.

And we can do this because of the technology, we can really target specific genres and specific cohorts of
our viewers to drive their total view on time and hence drive revenue. So it's -- it directly correlates. So
we've had a record total viewing time in the last months. And a total -- completely correlates with having
-- driving record revenue. So that's a business model, and that fits into the sort of the efficiency of our
programming strategy. To the second question in terms of were we moving money from one pocket to
the other? Absolutely not. I don't know -- while I'm sure you did have the opportunity to watch the Tubi
presentation at the new front just a few days ago.

The -- what Tubi allows for us and frankly, for any advertiser that's also advertising in broadcast, it allows
them to increase their reach dramatically. The advertisers are trying to reach new viewers and viewers
that don't traditionally watch broadcast, they're younger, they're more diverse. They really need to go
to Tubi to reach those audiences if they can't reach them anywhere else. So what that allows us to do is
really expand both the amount of the partnership, the scale of partnership with our current advertisers,
but also find new advertisers that we haven't enjoyed our relationship with before.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Ehrlich with BofA Securities.

Jessica Jean Reif Ehrlich
BofA Securities, Research Division

I have a question on sports betting, but just 2 small follow-ups on the previous questions. If you could say
on Tubi, like what the incremental investment will be in the coming year. And on Thursday Night football,
will that affect your retrans, do you think, over the next couple of years? And then for my question, it's on
sports betting. Can you talk about the impact now on, I guess, the owners are benefiting from advertising,
are you seeing any impact on ratings in markets where it's legal? And what are the expectations down
the road? There's a direct investment, but what are the ripple effects of sports betting, and if you can
include your new acquisition of OutKick, you haven't said what you're paying or how big it is and how
you'll integrate it?

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

FOX CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Thanks, Jessica. I lost track of how many questions that was. So I'll -- you could -- if I forget any, please
remind me, it's good to hear your voice. So first, on Tubi, and I think it was the further investment in Tubi,
we're really focused on being very efficient, being very disciplined around an investment in Tubi, while at
the same time, not losing sight of the immense opportunity that the Tubi is. I think we've designed our
programming strategy and our marketing strategy around that. So a lot of the investment you will see
will be a combination of continuing to assign the revenue and what would have been sort of profitability of
Tubi back into growing the business.

And adding some modest for capital in addition to that. So it's not a tremendous sized investment when
it comes to sort of the scale of Fox. But we think it's appropriate given the opportunity that Tubi presents
us. On Thursday Night football, I think you asked what the effect on retransmission would be. The logic
behind being able to release Thursday Night Football, not to follow it in the new deal and indeed to release
it a year early, is that we don't think it gives us incremental retransmission revenue above what we
already get for the premium NFL package in the country, which is Sunday afternoon NFC package.

So due to that, we can really save the cost of the Thursday Night Football package and invest further in
Sunday, retaining all of our potential retransmission revenue through Sunday football. On sports betting,
there's a couple of questions, but I think the impact of sports betting and -- on the ecosystem. Sports
betting in every market where there is licensed operators. They are spending heavily, which is a terrific
benefit to our station, our station groups. We think this will continue. It's a very competitive market. And
this won't ameliorate anytime soon.

All the more reason why we consider further investment in it. OutKick is a great example, as sort of a
leading operator in both sports news and critically in sports opinion. You haven't seen OutKick or listen
to any of its podcasts or radio shows or being to its website, you should. It's really a unique and special
voice. And I think the 1 that aligns with the Fox audience incredibly well. So we're very excited to bring
that team to be part of ours.

Operator

The next question is from Robert Fishman with MoffettNathanson.

Robert S. Fishman
MoffettNathanson LLC

I also have an NFL related follow-up question. So with Sunday NFL rights locked up, do you expect your
relative negotiating position to actually improve in your next set of deals with both the distributors and
your TV station affiliates. Especially if some of your peers make their live NFL games available on their
streaming platforms.

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

Yes. So look, we are very mindful of the exclusive value of live NFL on broadcast television. And we're very
mindful of the value that, that attributes to both our O&Os and also to all of our highly valued affiliates. So
we don't have a on streaming service behind a paywall where we would currently put a similar cast of our
NFL games, and we have no plans currently to do so.

Operator

We have a question from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Crédit Suisse.

Douglas David Mitchelson
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

So I just wanted to continue on the NFL vein, Lachlan. There's been a lot of discussion about the digital
flexibility, the NFL broadcast rights holders have earned under these new NFL contracts. And Comcast
already indicated it will simulcast it Sunday night football games on Peacock. Do you have any concerns
regarding the impact more NFL streaming by your competitors, if not by you, might have on pay-TV
subscriber levels as a result of more NFL games being streamed.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

FOX CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

And you noted the ability to be flexible in your business model given the rights that you have. So what's
the failsafe, if you start to see more erosion than you might have liked in the pay-TV subscriber base.
What does Fox do to monetize those rights and earn a return on that contract, that would be helpful.

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Doug. Yes. Look, a huge part for us, and I can't speak for anyone else, but of our negotiations
with the NFL and, particularly because this is such a long term deal, was making sure we had the flexibility
going forward to monetize these rights in different ways. And it's hard enough to think or to predict 5
years or 6 years out rather than sort of 12 years or 13 years out. And so we made sure we had every
ounce of flexibility within our rights package to be able to evolve our business model and monetize these
rights going forward. Having said that, today, clearly, the best monetization, the best opportunity to
monetize the rights are through broadcast television, both with our O&Os and our affiliates, and that's
really where our focus is.

Joseph Dorrego
Chief Investor Relations Officer & Executive VP of Corporate Initiatives

Operator, we have time for one more question.

Operator

We have a question from the line of Kannan Venkat with Barclays.

Kannan Venkateshwar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Thank you. So Lachlan, I guess, if you just step back and look at some of the strategic decisions you guys
have made recently, which is walking away from Thursday Night Football and investing in Tubi and sports
betting. Broadly, it almost seems like a pivot in the business model where you guys were the loss leaders
in football in the mid-90s and one slice of football and investing in other areas.

Is that how we should think about the investment priorities going forward, which is potentially in new
areas become bigger priorities for investment and legacy television broadly becomes a cash source to
pivot your business model.

And then broadly, when you think about the broadcast business, football is, of course, important. But
what role does it have in the broader ecosystem? I mean it is structurally in decline with respect to pay-TV
subscribers. And the kind of role it used to play in the past with respect to reach is very different versus
what it plays today. So if you could just expand on the portfolio on the legacy television side and what the
strategic priorities are across your portfolio?

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

Thank you very much. Look, I think our so-called legacy television businesses are all very healthy. And we
expect it to grow them significantly. But when you look at them from a point of view in terms of how we
grow and how we -- I think you use the word pivot our business model going forward. You have to look at
what they can offer with broader opportunities to monetize their existing content, right? And their existing
genre of content.

So if you look in the sports business, the sports business is really what's driving our wagering business,
right, on our bedding business. You're going to see us be really want to be the major players, certainly
from a media point of view in the sports waging business in America going forward. We're going to
continue to exploit that marketplace and to grow in that marketplace. And that's really driven off the --
our engagement with our audiences through our sports broadcasting business. We wouldn't have nearly
the opportunity, I believe, in wagering stand-alone without coupling it with the FOX Sports and overall Fox
brand and Fox audience.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

FOX CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

And this can be seen here very clearly through our success with Fox Bet Super 6. Fox Bet Super 6, in the
last year, we grew very aggressively through marketing it across all of our platforms, Fox Sports, Fox
Entertainment, FOX News, and we drove to over 5 million users. There's no other free-to-play game like
that at that scale in the United States. And what that allows us to do with Fox Bet Super 6 obviously is in
the markets where we're licensed, drive that traffic or drive that sort of the widest part of that funnel into
sports wagering and also the poker and casino businesses where they're licensed.

So there's a tremendous opportunity there, but it's really because of our strength in our traditional sports
broadcasting business. The same thing, by the way, is true at Fox News. We branded the Fox News
business as Fox News Media, I think a couple of years ago. And that's really because you can't look at Fox
News anymore as just a linear cable channel.

The opportunities at Fox News to grow revenue beyond the impressive growth within cable is really
through its powerful website, it's podcasting, Fox Nation, new channels like Fox Weather, where we're
seeing tremendous opportunities to expand its reach and the power of its brands.

Joseph Dorrego
Chief Investor Relations Officer & Executive VP of Corporate Initiatives

At this point, we are out of time. But if you have any further questions, please give me or Dan Carey.
Thank you once again for joining today's call.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference call for today. Thank you for using AT&T
Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

FOX CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

