Fox Corporation NasdaqGS:FOXA
FQ4 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, August 04, 2021 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2021-

-FQ1 2022-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.58

0.65

12.07

1.01

2.80

2.88

2.86

2.82

2748.46

2890.00

5.15

2879.31

12777.79

12909.00

1.03

13215.44

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-03-2021 3:48 PM GMT

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

FQ4 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.74

(0.04)

0.57

0.58

1.18

0.16

0.88

0.65

SURPRISE

59.46 %

NM

54.39 %

12.07 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
FOX CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Joseph Dorrego
Chief Investor Relations Officer
& Executive VP of Corporate
Initiatives

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

Steven Silvester Tomsic
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Benjamin Daniel Swinburne
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Douglas David Mitchelson
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Jessica Jean Reif Ehrlich
BofA Securities, Research Division

John Janedis
Wolfe Research, LLC

Robert S. Fishman
MoffettNathanson LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

FOX CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Fox Corporation Fourth Quarter of 2021
Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

I'll now turn the conference over to Chief Investor Relations Officer, Mr. Joe Dorrego. Please go ahead, sir.

Joseph Dorrego
Chief Investor Relations Officer & Executive VP of Corporate Initiatives

Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, and welcome to our fiscal 2021 fourth quarter earnings call. Joining
me on the call today are Lachlan Murdoch, Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; John Nallen,
Chief Operating Officer; and Steven Tomsic, our Chief Financial Officer. First, Lachlan and Steve will give
some prepared remarks on the most recent quarter, and then we'll take questions from the investment
community.

Please note that this call may include forward-looking statements regarding Fox Corporation's financial
performance and operating results. These statements are based on management's current expectations,
and actual results could differ from what is stated as a result of certain factors identified on today's call
and in the company's SEC filings.

Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted EBITDA or
EBITDA, as we refer to it on this call. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures are included in our
earnings release and our SEC filings, both of which are available in the Investor Relations section of our
website.

And with that, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Lachlan.

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Joe. Good afternoon, and thank you all for joining us to discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal 2021
results. At the outset, I want to emphasize the exceptional financial and operational results that we have
delivered over the last year despite the challenges posed operating through the COVID-19 pandemic. The
virus brought significant impact to our productions, through our processes and to our people. However, we
stayed resolute and focused and demonstrated that even in the most unexpected and challenging of times,
our focus on a handful of powerful, highly engaging brands produces exceptional results.

Over the past fiscal year, we have reinforced the competitive advantages of our core brands, enhanced our
digital capabilities, solidified our growth potential, returned $1.25 billion of capital to shareholders through
buybacks and dividends, and otherwise, prudently allocated our capital.

We have a strongly differentiated position in the market, which continues to benefit us to no end. But our
greatest strength is our people, who have really stood up this year and performed extremely well under
such difficult circumstances. I know myself, my father, the Board and the management team appreciate all
their hard work and all their achievements this year.

In fiscal 2021, we generated revenue and profit, which exceeded even our own bullish expectations. Our
affiliate revenue increased 9% year-over-year, which is net of the distribution credits that we recognized
last fall due to COVID. Our advertising revenue was up 2%, which is tremendous when you recall that we
broadcasted Super Bowl in the prior fiscal year, during which we generated around $500 million of net
advertising revenue.

Importantly, the fiscal fourth quarter saw these trends accelerate as quarterly revenues increased 20%,
led once again by double-digit affiliate revenue growth and advertising revenue growth of 38%. This

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

FOX CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

growth was underpinned by the ability of our core businesses to consistently deliver audiences at scale
and capture the upward momentum of a rallying advertising market.

We finished the fiscal year with historically strong upfront sales and are currently also enjoying sustained
scattered demand with pricing at significant premiums. We finished the fiscal year strong, and we feel we
are in a very good place or we are in a very good place with great momentum starting the new fiscal year.

FOX News Media continued its ratings leadership and its platform -- multi-platform growth in the fourth
quarter. The FOX News channel was the most watched network in prime time across all of basic cable
for the sixth consecutive year and notched its 78 straight quarter as the leading cable news channel in
total viewers. While the year-over-year ratings comparisons are difficult due to last year's heightened
news cycle, the FOX News channel has retained more of its audience than CNN and MSNBC since the
presidential election.

In fact, since the election, FOX News has solidified its leadership position in cable news, having reasserted
its preelection market share. For total day audiences, FOX News increased its market share by 11% in
the fourth quarter compared to the prior year, while CNN and MSNBC lost 9% and 3%, respectively, over
that same period. From a prime time perspective, we once again find ourselves in a familiar position as we
routinely see our ratings exceeding those of our peers combined.

We are also pleased with the performance of FOX News Media's digital assets. FOX News remain the most
engaged news brand across social media channels, extending this run to nearly 7 consecutive years. This
is a critical pathway to reaching, engaging and growing the broadest possible audiences with the FOX
News brand.

On the last call, I told you that FOX Nation, the direct-to-consumer offering from FOX News Media, had
recorded its strongest quarter for customer acquisitions since launch. In this quarter, thanks to new
and expanded content offerings, FOX Nation once again notched its best ever quarter for customer
acquisitions. Later this year, we will expand our FOX News Media portfolio further with the launch of FOX
Weather. FOX Weather is just one example of how we plan to grow the FOX News brand across multiple
verticals. And the power of our brands and the growth potential of their digital extensions was also on
display at the FOX Network, with another round of ratings wins on broadcast and record-breaking results
at Tubi.

Fox is the home to the best entertainment programs in television, which, together with Sport, help propel
the FOX Network to its second consecutive broadcast season as the top network in prime time among the
key demo, adults 18 to 49. This fall, we have strongly performing returning hits and a slate of promising
new shows. In particular, we are looking forward to the addition of 2 new dramas to our fall lineup. These
are The Big Leap and Our Kind of People.

Fox has always thrived with shows featuring music and dance and The Big Leap, like Lee and so many
others before it, lives right in that sweet spot. The Big Leap is an optimistic dramedy about second
chances and chasing dreams. We think these themes are spot on coming out of the pandemic.

Our Kind of People is inspired by Lawrence Otis Graham's book of the same name. It is executive produced
by Empire creator Lee Daniels and stars Karen Gist. It's an absorbing story that takes place in the
aspirational world of Oak Bluffs on Martha's Vineyard.

And I'm very pleased today to announce a new partnership with Gordon Ramsay, Studio Ramsay Global,
which will acquire Gordon's current television business and will develop, produce and distribute new
culinary and lifestyle programming across all FOX platforms, including Tubi.

Now let's take a moment to talk about Tubi. At the end of the fiscal year, Tubi surpassed 3 billion hours
streamed, up more than 50% over the prior year. During the recent June quarter, total view time
surpassed 900 million hours, up more than 40% over the prior year quarter. We spoke about it together
last quarter, but I cannot emphasize enough the importance of total view time, or TVT, as the critical
metric for ad-supported streaming. It is the best measure of burgeoning engagement on Tubi and
correlates directly to the monetization of the platform. And there is no shortage of great content to keep
audiences watching.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

FOX CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Tubi leads the industry with the largest library of content with more than 35,000 movies and TV series
available, and that library continues to expand with Tubi's first original movies, targeting genres that are
informed by Tubi's machine learning capabilities and supported by tight production budgets. In just weeks,
these titles have exceeded our financial and strategic objectives.

Throughout the fall, we will modestly ramp the launch of Tubi originals, a number of which will be
produced in-house by Fox Alternative Entertainment and our animation studio, Bento Box. But let me be
crystal clear about one thing. Tubi's original programming strategy is very different from the strategies of
an SVOD streamer. We have no interest or plans to invest in high-cost programming to drive subscriber
acquisition as we are not in the subscriber business. We are focused on delivering programming that
drives total viewing time and hence monetization in very short order.

The return on our programming investment is measured in weeks, not years, and should be viewed
through a completely different lens than investments in the SVOD universe. We are in a very different
space. It's a space focused on advertisers, and advertisers are increasingly seeking out Tubi as a leading
platform to reach a younger audience that is both largely unduplicated from our traditional FOX audience
and not regularly streaming other AVOD services.

In the recent quarter, Tubi featured adds more than half of the Ad Age top 200 brands. With the reach and
brand recognition of FOX behind it, Tubi nearly doubled the number of brands buying its inventory in the
upfront and more than tripled its upfront dollar commitments over the prior year.

Despite the COVID-related headwinds, earlier in the fiscal year, FOX Television Stations recorded core
advertising revenue that was on pace with the prior year, when excluding the Super Bowl comp last
year and the record political revenue in the current year. As just one example, the adoption of legalized
gambling is driving increased advertising spend, particularly in Philadelphia and Detroit. We anticipate
additional markets, including Arizona and Wisconsin, to launch legalized sports betting in fiscal '22. The
FOX Television Stations are particularly well positioned to capitalize on this opportunity, given the strength
of our stations in these markets.

FOX Sports also had a noteworthy year, expanding its ratings dominance in live sport while also extending
and enhancing our long-term rights agreement with the NFL. We will remain not only the leader in football
ratings but also the home of the premier NFC rights package through the 2033 season, thanks to our new
multi-platform rights deal with our partners at the NFL, which includes the designation of FOX Bet as an
authorized sports book operator of the league.

We expect the company-wide momentum of fiscal '21 to carry into our current fiscal year. Macroeconomic
trends bode well for a strong advertising market and brands are increasingly turning to our linear and
digital assets to reach the largest collection of loyal and engaged viewers. The return of normal sports
and entertainment schedules, coupled with the ongoing leadership of FOX News Media, will enable us to
capitalize on the robust ad market.

In addition to delivering strong underlying operating and financial results in fiscal '22, we are focused on
expanding our digital businesses. We are reinvesting a portion of the profits and free cash flow from our
core businesses into the high growth and high opportunity digital assets that we know to be essential
elements of our future.

This past quarter also saw the completion of a wide range of transformational technology investments that
provide us with a range of modern, state-of-the-art platforms that will power the growth of our businesses
for years to come. These new capabilities include a new distribution and streaming operation in Arizona,
due to brand-new data and advertising platforms that will underpin an evolving and advanced set of
commercial offerings for clients across all of our products and services. These investments, now complete,
position us strongly to seize on the growth opportunities that lie ahead. We continue to deploy capital in a
responsible manner to support Tubi, the FOX News Media digital properties, including FOX Nation and the
launch of FOX Weather as well as our other emerging digital businesses. We believe these investments,
relatively modest compared to those being made by our peers in subscription streaming areas, will yield
long-term significant returns and position us well to continue to adapt and take advantage of the evolving
media landscape.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

FOX CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Now Steve will take us through the details of the fiscal year and the fourth quarter.

Steven Silvester Tomsic
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Lachlan, and good afternoon. Looking back at our recently completed fiscal year, FOX delivered
total revenues of $12.9 billion, up 5% versus the prior year. This is despite the impact of COVID-19
and the cyclical comparison with revenues generated from last year's broadcast of Super Bowl 54.
Notwithstanding these 2 headwinds, full year advertising revenue still increased 2%, propelled by a record
political cycle, the significant contribution of Tubi and robust mid-teens growth at the cable segment led by
FOX News Media.

Our best-in-class affiliate revenue growth was particularly noteworthy. Total company affiliate revenues
increased 9% on a reported basis and 10% on an underlying basis after adjusting for potential distribution
credits at the cable segment due to COVID. This underlying double-digit company-wide growth was led by
20% growth at the television segment. Momentum across our digital businesses continues to be strong,
with digital revenues growing over 40% to reach almost $1.4 billion for the full fiscal year. Taken together,
this impressive revenue achievement once again underlines our differentiated strategy, centered on our
leadership brands and focused portfolio of assets built around live event programming, including news and
sports.

From a bottom line perspective, the company delivered full year adjusted EBITDA of $3.1 billion, an
increase of 11% over the prior year and a record in the company's short history. Full year net income
attributable to stockholders was $2.2 billion or $3.61 per share, while adjusted EPS was $2.88 per share,
up 16% versus $2.48 last year.

Now turning to our results for the fourth quarter. Total company revenues increased 20% to $2.9 billion,
driven by our fourth consecutive quarter of underlying double-digit total company affiliate revenue growth
and strong pricing gains across the national and local ad markets. Total company affiliate revenues
increased 10%, with 16% growth at the television segment and healthy 6% growth at the cable segment.
The rate of subscriber declines was stable in the quarter, with trailing 12-month industry sub-losses now
running below 4.5%.

Total company advertising revenues increased 38%, with over 50% growth at the Television segment as
the local market continued to rebound from COVID, Tubi delivered another record quarter and the FOX
network benefited from a healthy linear and digital marketplace. Total company other revenues increased
30%, primarily due to the timing of sports sublicensing revenues as a result of COVID, higher production
volume at Bento Box and continued momentum at FOX Nation.

Quarterly adjusted EBITDA was $717 million, down 3% over the comparative period in fiscal '20, primarily
due to higher programming and production costs as we return to a more normalized programming
schedule as compared to the COVID-related delays and cancellations experienced in prior quarters.
Additionally, we also increased our investment in our high-growth digital initiatives at FOX News Media and
Tubi.

Net income attributable to stockholders of $253 million or $0.43 per share was notably higher than
the $122 million or $0.20 per share in the prior year quarter. This increase reflects the absence of
impairment and restructuring charges booked in the prior year quarter, net of the impact of mark-to-
market adjustments associated with the company's investments recognized in other net. Excluding these
impacts and other noncore items, adjusted EPS of $0.65 per share was up 5% over last year's $0.62 per
share.

Turning to the performance of our operating segments for the quarter, where cable networks reported a
10% increase in revenues. Cable affiliate revenues increased 6%, once again led by double-digit pricing
gains at FOX News. Cable advertising revenues increased 17%, driven by continued strength in digital
monetization at FOX News Media and the return of live events and studio show programming at FOX
Sports which were both impacted by COVID in the prior year. Cable other revenues increased by $25

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

FOX CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

million, primarily due to the timing of sports sublicensing revenues as a result of COVID and continued
subscription momentum at FOX Nation.

EBITDA at our cable segment was flat against the prior year as the revenue increases were offset by
higher programming and production costs at FOX Sports, following the COVID-related postponements
and cancellations in the prior year. We also increased our investment in key digital initiatives at FOX News
Media, including FOX Nation and the pending launch of FOX Weather.

Turning now to the Television segment, which reported a 30% increase in quarterly revenues. Television
affiliate revenues increased 16%, reflecting double-digit increases for both our programming fees from
non-owned station affiliates and for our direct retransmission revenues at our owned and operated
stations. This once again reaffirms that we are on track to achieve the Television-affiliate revenue growth
we outlined at our Investor Day.

Television advertising revenues increased by over 50% as we benefited from a meaningful rebound in the
base market of the local FOX television stations, achieved strong pricing gains at FOX Entertainment and
saw the return of Major League Baseball at FOX Sports this spring. Meanwhile, Tubi continues to exceed
expectations, comfortably surpassing $100 million in revenue for the quarter, typically its seasonally
slowest quarter. This brings Tubi's full year revenue to almost $400 million, up nearly 170% versus their
full prior year. Other revenues at Television increased 18% in the quarter, led by higher production volume
at Bento Box and higher coproduction revenues at Fox Entertainment.

EBITDA at our Television segment was down $21 million versus prior year as gains at our local stations
were more than offset by our investment in Tubi and higher costs at the FOX Network, primarily due to
scheduled changes caused by COVID.

Switching now to cash flow. During the year, we generated free cash flow, which we define as net cash
provided by operating activities less CapEx, of $2.2 billion. As we foreshadowed on our last earnings call,
we deployed $1 billion of capital in fiscal '21 to repurchase over 22 million Class A shares and over 9
million Class B shares. Against our initial buyback authorization of $2 billion, we have now cumulatively
repurchased over $1.6 billion, representing 8% of our total shares outstanding since the launch of the
buyback program in November 2019.

And as a reminder, our Board recently approved an additional $2 billion to our buyback authorization,
meaning that we have over $2.3 billion of our combined authorization remaining. Underlying our continued
commitment to shareholder returns, today, we announced an increase in our semiannual dividend to $0.24
per share. Over the course of the fiscal year, we returned $1.3 billion to shareholders in the form of share
repurchases and dividends, which, when including the payment of the dividend we declared today, will
take the total cumulative amount of capital returned to shareholders to approximately $2.5 billion since
the spinoff of Fox Corporation in March of 2019. From a balance sheet perspective, we ended the quarter
with $5.9 billion in cash and approximately $8 billion in debt.

Finally, let me take a few moments to provide some markers for our fiscal '22. We are anticipating robust
top line growth across our businesses over the course of next fiscal year. This is predicated on disruption-
free programming schedules and comes despite the comparison with the record net political revenues of
over $350 million we saw in fiscal '21. As Lachlan referenced, we expect the underlying company-wide
advertising momentum we saw in fiscal '21 to carry into fiscal '22. With approximately 5% of our total
company affiliate revenues due for renewal, we expect a moderation in the growth of distribution revenues
in fiscal '22, as we comp against a major renewal in the prior year and prepare for the start of our next
renewal cycle in fiscal '23.

Using the strength of our core businesses as a platform, we will use fiscal '22 to invest in the expansion
and acceleration of our digital assets. Here, we anticipate investing in the range of $200 million to $300
million of net EBITDA with a particular focus on Tubi, FOX Nation and the launch of FOX Weather. This is
an appropriately sized investment for these high-growth assets that will be a key part of our future.

Looking further out to fiscal '23, the confluence of premier sporting events, including the Super Bowl
and the World Cup, in combination with the midterm election cycle, will make for a unique opportunity

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

FOX CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

across our leadership brands and platforms. These cyclical items, coupled with the start of our next major
distribution renewal cycle, the early exit from our Thursday Night Football deal and continued growth of
our digital initiatives are poised to provide a strong financial tailwind for our business.

Coming back to today, we enter fiscal '22 from a position of operating and financial strength. This strength
is reflected in our balance sheet where we'll use existing cash balances to pay down the $750 million
debt maturity that will come due in January. Beyond this, we will continue to take a balanced approach
to allocating capital between direct investment in our businesses, strategic M&A and capital returns to
shareholders.

And with that, I'll now turn the call back to Joe.

Joseph Dorrego
Chief Investor Relations Officer & Executive VP of Corporate Initiatives
Thank you, Steve. And now we'd be happy to take some questions from the investment community.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

FOX CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We do have a question from Jessica Reif Ehrlich of BofA Securities.

Jessica Jean Reif Ehrlich
BofA Securities, Research Division

So I have a follow-up and then a question. So my follow-up is you've laid out, Steve, in particular, towards
the end, on your investment priorities for fiscal '22, including digital assets and originals, et cetera. I mean
just if you can clarify, is this the peak year of spend and whatever you can say about sports rights and
sports betting as part of this investment year would be helpful? But even with all of that, you still have an
incredibly strong balance sheet. So do you feel like you need to get bigger?

And then my question is, you've had a great really, fantastic upfront as, I guess, the whole industry
has had. Can you give us color on pricing and sell-out pretty much across all of the assets, not just the
network but the cable assets as well as Tubi?

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Jessica. So I like the characterization of a follow-up and then a question because that's 2
questions, but that's fine. So first of all, in terms of the investment in the digital assets, our digital assets
are growing very impressively. I think this year, if you look at the fiscal year, we ended up at a $1.4 billion
of digital revenue, which was up 44% year-on-year. So obviously, we like these assets and we're going to
continue to invest in them to continue to grow them. But I think we're doing so pretty prudently, sort of,
balancing the opportunity with the cost that we're putting against them.

Do we need to get bigger? We're always looking at how to grow both organically and inorganically. We
don't feel any pressing strategic need to get bigger. We don't have any kind of holes in our portfolio,
particularly when you look at our kind of strengths in live news and live sports, and now in entertainment,
the strength in Tubi, and it's really pleasing to see how quickly Tubi is growing.

So we don't see a strategic need to grow defensively. We're not -- if you look at the consolidation that's
been happening around the industry, a lot of that is around subscription video streaming, and that's
not -- and the desire to, sort of, acquire larger entertainment libraries and production capabilities and
that's not that sort of scale and then not a space that we're -- we need to be in right now. So we feel
pretty confident where we are, but we are pretty comfortable where we are, but we do continue to look at
opportunities as they come up.

In terms of the upfront pricing, and I think you asked go into some detail around it, so -- and current
scatter pricing. Look, this was an absolutely historic upfront season for us, but I'm sure for some of our
peers as well as the ad market rebounded from the depths and the lows of the COVID-affected year last
year.

So the comparisons are kind because of where we were a year ago. But having said that, all of our
categories are up very strongly with the exception of 2, which are auto and telecom. And there are specific
reasons around those categories. I know we've spoken on prior quarterly earnings calls about the auto
supply issues they are having.

But if you look at retail, this is -- I'm talking -- sorry, Jessica, this is for our local business at the moment,
so the TV stations. Our retail is up like 10%. Entertainment, which includes that really growing and
exploding are wagering category is up 300% year-on-year; media, up 43%; pharmaceutical up 25%; even
travel, which is a much smaller category for us, locally up 76%. So a lot of growth across the majority of
categories, again, with the exceptions of auto and telco. If you exclude political advertising, our sales are
pacing up about 8% locally. So we feel really good there. And obviously, the momentum is -- carrying the
momentum into the new year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

FOX CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

From a national point of view, I said the upfronts were very strong. Pricing was all up over the 20% mark
and pushing into the mid-20s. And since the upfront, our scatter pricing is again up that much again and
more. The NFL is selling very well. Major League Baseball, it's interesting as an aside, and this, I think this
bodes well for the rest of the season and post season. We have a Field of Dreams game our next week,
and that's set a record for a regular season baseball game.

So a lot of positive momentum across all of our categories, not the least of which is FOX News, which has
shown very strong sales, with expanded demographics, and obviously, the digital platform as well. So we
feel very good about the ad market, and we think it's going to continue for some time.

Operator

We have Robert Fishman of MoffettNathanson.

Robert S. Fishman
MoffettNathanson LLC

On Tubi, going to expand on your prepared remarks. How do you measure the ROI of content
investments? And can you further explain whether the shift to originals essentially moves you away from
the more standard AVOD model of revenue share? And just lastly, on a related note, how do we think
about Tubi margins as revenue grows and reaches your $1 billion guidance?

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

Sure. So -- let me start with the -- how do I we get this in the right order? But sort of how we look at the
ROI on the content and then we can get into the margins and maybe Steve can take the financial aspect
of that question. So when we look at Tubi content, maybe you can remember from an AVOD perspective,
and as I mentioned in my prepared remarks and as I mentioned last quarter, the -- it's all around total
viewing time and how much -- and the advertising impressions that we can generate through increasing
and expanding the engagement as measured through total viewing time. And it was really pleasing that I
think in the fiscal year, we did 3 billion hours of total viewing time, which was up 50% year-on-year.

So the way to grow, obviously, total viewing time is we can grow viewers and multiply that by the amount
of content and the length of the time they're spending -- they're watching that content. And we look at the
content and basically I'd say, 5 different categories. There's your third-party content, and that's where we
have a 34,000, 35,000 hours of library, which is growing. I said it's a third-party content. That's a mixture
of a revenue share and sort of -- and licensed content.

There's an increasing amount of Fox-owned content, an IP, that we're able to put on to Tubi, which is
really pleasing to see, and I think helps drive the Tubi awareness and the brand. There's a news category,
which is really starting to take shape and increase engagement. There's a sports category, which we'll be
launching sports channels soon, including the NFL channel and some other sports.

And then finally, there's Tubi Originals. And Tobi Originals has only just begun to launch, but we are
seeing the return in a very short order. These movies are very price effective, and we're able through Tubi
technology to really target them very specifically to very well-defined genres that we know if we promote
them correctly on the Tubi platform, they will drive a consistent expected amount of viewing, which we
can then monetize very efficiently. So the model from the investment into the original programming is
really derived specifically by the exact amount of revenue that we can derive out of that original program.

So it's -- unlike SVOD, where you're creating original programming to pull subscribers in, often once
they're in the platform, they don't watch that program and they watch other library programming. We're
not interested in the subscriber acquisition. We're purely interested in the time they spend on the platform
and the amount of content they are consuming.

Steve, do you want to talk to the margins?

Steven Silvester Tomsic
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

FOX CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Yes. So Robert, just in terms of margin, listen, the biggest single cost of the business is obviously
programming. And even with our steps towards original programming, the library is going to be heavily
concentrated towards revenue share titles, both movies and series on that front. And so therefore, it kind
of governs a lot of your margin because that revenue share comes straight off of revenue and then you've
got customer acquisition or viewer acquisition costs as well as technology.

Now you sort of called out the $1 billion target that we have, which is an interim target that we have for
the business. We're still in a kind of -- it's almost like a market establishment phase for this business,
and so you shouldn't expect this business to be a margin contributor to us anytime soon. We're going to
continue to invest in it, as we've called out on the call today. And that investment will go towards sort of 3
core pillars, being content, user acquisition/marketing as well as technology.

If you look at sort of the Tubi in the first 3 quarters of this fiscal year, it was virtually a push for us
financially. So we can almost dial up and dial down that margin as we see fit. But we -- certainly, our bias
at the moment is to lean into investing in that business, which will mean there will be a drag on margin for
the next year or 2 to come.

Operator

Next, we have John Janedis of Wolfe Research.

John Janedis
Wolfe Research, LLC

I've got 2. Maybe I'll call those follow-ups, if you don't mind. One would be, can you talk more about how
you're thinking about spending that incremental investment dollar? Lachlan, you talked about growth.
So when you speak to those growth areas, does that suggest investment in the linear cable and network
businesses, exports will be fairly modest going forward?

And then separately, it sounds a lot of AVOD services out there went out aggressively in the upfront and
some have a pretty big tailwind than CPMs. And so can you talk about how you think Tubi is priced relative
to other services? And to what extent there's a gap? And at a practical level, how quickly can you close it?

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

Thanks, John. So in terms of the investment going forward, the -- as I mentioned in my prepared
remarks, the big investment in terms of our -- partially in terms of our linear business, from a technology
point of view, has been this Arizona play out and data center, technology center, which is now completed.
And that brings us into, I think, the best-in-class kind of infrastructure for all of our product. Obviously,
that's built today to be multi-platform. So it's an investment both in the linear business, but also as
importantly, in the digital business as the digital business continues to grow.

The $200 million to $300 million that Steve has called out in terms of the investments of this year, further
investment in our digital assets, is really split between, as I think Steve mentioned, FOX Nation, which is a
subscription service but continues to grow engagement. It has really tremendously low churn and remains
kind of a fantastic conversion rate from trial users to paid users of well over 80%.

FoxNews.com, we'll continue to push into new verticals of content. They're planning and exploring content
around sort of real estate, around cooking, around sort of some engaging games and crosswords and
things as we drive the Fox News brand into sort of more lifestyle categories. And Tubi, I think we've
addressed. So those are the key areas of the investment this year, not the linear businesses.

In AVOD -- Tubi in terms of how we price the upfront, I think the important thing for us, and I can't talk
to our competitors, I wouldn't know. But the Tubi revenue in our upfront is entirely incremental, right?
And that's really important. We are careful to not move revenue from one pocket to another and say that,
"Look at all the revenue we we've been able to attach or push in Tubi."

The Tubi revenue is entirely incremental to what we otherwise sold on our linear assets, and that's a
really pleasing thing to see. Because the way Tubi is structured with our programmatic advertising, in

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

FOX CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

fact, we got a very high rate for our programmatic advertising on Tubi. And so we were careful actually
to constrain somewhat into what we sold into the upfront for Tubi because we feel towards -- as the
year progresses, we'll do extremely well through our programmatic advertising and the CPMs we get
through programmatic. So when we hit the triple revenue mark in the upfront for Tubi, we decided that
was enough, we would stop there, and we would leave plenty of impressions for programmatic, which I
think is the right strategy for us.

Operator

We have Ben Swinburne, Morgan Stanley.

Benjamin Daniel Swinburne
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Steve, you mentioned renewal cycle starting again in fiscal '23, and you guys were really helpful back at
your initial Investor Day and kind of helping us think about the timing of that over the course of the next
few years, which you're now wrapping up. I don't know if it was anything you could help us in thinking
about the cycle that starts in '23, if it looks like the last one in terms of the curve or anything you would
add?

And then on Tubi, I don't know if it's for Lachlan or whoever wants to take it. Maybe you could just give
us sort of the pitch to advertisers who have a number of AVOD or fast options, including buying, I think,
Tubi inventory through people like Roku and VIZIO and stuff. What is it that you offer an advertiser that's
better or differentiated from Pluto or Hulu or even buying AVOD inventory through one of the platforms
that have an ability to aggregate an even larger audience and maybe more specific data? Would just love
to hear more about how you guys go to market.

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Ben. So -- and Steve, if you want to jump in on distribution, but -- well, effectively, Steve can go
through the detail, but fiscal '23 and '24 is about 1/3 of our distribution kind of volume comes up. So this
year's relatively quiet compared to that and then 30-odd percent or 33%, 34% of our deals come up in
'23, and then again in '24. John or Steve, if you want to add anything to add?

Steven Silvester Tomsic
Chief Financial Officer

No. Exactly. You're bang on. Yes, so really light single digits this year, mid-30s the following year, then
24%, again, mid-30s and then about 1/4 the year after that. So -- and remember that the '23 renewals
will largely hit us -- will give us the benefit in terms of affiliate revenue growth in the back half of that
fiscal year.

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

And so -- and Ben, you reminded us or me of the Investor Day, the original Investor Day we had, and I
think we called out there that we were going to increase our affiliate revenue in the Television segment by
$1 billion by, I think it was calendar '22, and we're well on track to achieve that objective and the target
that we set for ourselves on back at that Investor Day. So we're very pleased with that.

For Tubi, in terms of advertisers, the Tubi is a very -- it's not about -- you don't sell these advertisers
around sort of the mass scale. And so I understand your point about some of the AVOD aggregators. But
with Tubi, we have an audience that's younger, that's more diverse, that can be very targeted. We have
very sophisticated advertising tools to ensure that advertisers, and frankly, the people they are trying to
reach are not inundated with digital advertising over frequently, right? So we have these frequency tools
that make sure that the advertising on Tubi is appropriate and that the viewer is getting a mix of a bad
served to them.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

FOX CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

So there's a dynamic technology behind Tubi, which is very unique and very valuable to our clients. We're
also not duplicated. So we have very low duplication, not only with the FOX Network but also Tubi viewers
are unlikely, a very small percentage of them, are watching any other AVOD service. They are, and to a
large part, exclusive to Tubi. So it really is a unique offering, an offering that our clients are seeing the
value.

And really, the proof is in the pudding. If you look at tripling the revenue in the upfront, and I think it was
sort of doubling the number of top brands on the platform, I think the proof is in the pudding that this --
the Tubi story and the Tubi sales story is really resonating with the top advertising brands and clients in
the United States.

Joseph Dorrego
Chief Investor Relations Officer & Executive VP of Corporate Initiatives

Operator, we have time for one more question.

Operator

Our last question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson of Crédit Suisse.

Douglas David Mitchelson
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I think if I have the rules right, I can ask a follow-up, a clarification and a question. So I think that's my
approach.

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

As many follow-ups as you want.

Douglas David Mitchelson
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

For Steve, my follow-up, I just wanted to be clear on the Tubi investment. It sounds like from Lachlan's
commentary that any incremental investment you make in originals, you expect a fairly quick payoff.
So is it right to think that within your $200 million to $300 million of EBITDA investment in growth, the
Tubi portion of that on a net basis is really just the content and user acquisition -- or excuse me, the user
acquisition and marketing and technology and not the content front since the content return should be so
quick in?

Lachlan, the clarification is on NFL advertising presales. How does that compare to the entertainment
upfront? Are you seeing similar pricing? Or is there any difference there?

And the question, Lachlan, CNN launching a streaming service next year, not necessarily unexpected. But
is that interesting from a competitive standpoint? Does that influence your strategy at all with the digital
offerings you're pursuing on the FOX News side?

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

Thank you very much, Doug. I think the first question or clarification or follow-up, first, it might have
been for Steve, but the answer is yes, that the Tubi investment subscriber acquisition marketing,
which obviously feeds in the subscriber acquisition and technology spend. So that's the majority of the
investment in Tubi. Am I wrong, Steve? I hope I'm not.

Steven Silvester Tomsic
Chief Financial Officer

No, no. You're right. And there's -- I think you got to look at content in 2 kind of buckets. There's the
originals, where I think that's going to be modest from both a cash and P&L perspective because you

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

FOX CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

physically just can't ramp that up that quickly. And then the second piece with the content investment
is just building that bigger library with licensed content. And so that's going to come in the form of both
revenue share deals and license deals and the license deals will obviously have a P&L impact in the whole
year.

Lachlan Keith Murdoch
Executive Chairman & CEO

I'm glad I was right. And then on -- look, on NFL, our presales NFL is selling very well. CPMs are strong
positive, and we couldn't be more pleased with the sales there. We think for a lot of our issues in the
marketplace, we think scatter pricing as well is going to remain a robust pricing through the end of the
year just because of the availability of spots across the kind of television universe. So we're confident in a
very strong NFL year.

By the way, I didn't mention this, and it's not NFL, but on the sports side, the All-Star game from Major
League Baseball had a -- was a terrific revenue result for us nationally. But interestingly, locally in Atlanta,
we generated a really extraordinary amount of political revenue on that local station for the All-Star game,
which was obviously driven by the controversy around Major League Baseball, moving the game from
Atlanta to Denver. And that political advertising was all focused on the midterm elections next year. And
so when we look at that, the lessons I think we're taking from that is that the next political season, the
midterm season, is going to be another record political season next year, it's not this year, next year. But
we're going to see staggering amounts of political dollars flowing into these local stations. And we can see
that from simply just the one example of the Atlanta station in the -- for the All-Star game.

CNN+, I think it's called. Look, we think it's a -- someone copies you, it's the best form of flattery. We
think FOX Nation continues to grow. We think we're doing all the right things with FOX Nation. I talked
about it before, but a tremendous growth in the quarter, driven of a clever acquisition and clever high-
quality programming. So we don't see CNN launching into that space as anything other than affirming of
our strategy and what we're doing, really driving the engagement and the tremendously high engagement
from FOX News into a paid for subscription service.

When we look at our competitors, we are heartened by the ratings trends. As I mentioned in my prepared
comments, we are now regularly beating both the combined ratings in prime time of, and many times in
an all day of CNN and MSNBC combined. If you take just last night, as one example, ratings just dropped
0.5 hour-or-so ago while we were on the call.

In prime time, FOX News did 2.4 million people in P2+, CNN under 750,000 and MSNBC under 1.2
million. So you've got 2.4 million versus 1.9 million -- 2 million. So we're regular we beat them combined
plus with a margin of 20% or so. So very strong ratings trends, very strong engagement with our
audience. And that really goes to our whole digital strategy, how do we take that audience and take that
engagement and expand it across multiple platforms. Thank you for the question.

Joseph Dorrego
Chief Investor Relations Officer & Executive VP of Corporate Initiatives

At this point, we're out of time. But if you have any further questions, please give me or Dan Carey a call.
Thank you once again for joining today's call.

Operator
And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. Thank you for using AT&T
Executive Teleconference, and you may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

FOX CORPORATION FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

