TechnipFMC plc NYSE:FTI
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, July 30, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.05

0.09

Revenue  (mm)

3042.33

3158.50

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-30-2020 9:22 AM GMT

80.00

3.82

0.12

0.32

0.64

3194.99

12804.92

12945.43

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.51

0.43

0.21

0.05

0.12

0.03

(0.11)

0.09

(76.47 %)

(93.02 %)

NM

80.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Catherine MacGregor
President of the Technip Energies

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Maryann T. Mannen
Executive VP & CFO

Matt Seinsheimer
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Amy Wong
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Kurt Kevin Hallead
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Marc Gregory Bianchi
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Michael James Alsford
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Sean Christopher Meakim
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Waqar Mustafa Syed
ATB Capital Markets Inc., Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the TechnipFMC Second Quarter 2020
Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Matt Seinsheimer. Thank you. Please
go ahead, sir.

Matt Seinsheimer
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Lisa. Good morning, and good afternoon, and welcome to TechnipFMC's Second Quarter 2020
Earnings Conference Call.

Our news release and financial statements issued yesterday can be found on our website.

I'd like to call you with respect to any forward-looking statements made during this call. Although these
forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations, beliefs and assumptions regarding
future developments and business conditions, they are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could
cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by these statements. Known
material factors that could cause our actual results to differ from our projected results are described in
our most recent 10-K, most recent 10-Q and other periodic filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission, the French AMF and the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority. We wish to caution you not to
place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. We
undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any of our forward-looking statements after the date
they are made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

I will now turn the call over to Doug Pferdehirt, TechnipFMC's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Matt. Good morning, and good afternoon. Thank you for participating in our second quarter
earnings call.

On the call today are Maryann Mannen, Chief Financial Officer; and Catherine MacGregor, President of
Technip Energies.

Before commenting on our operational and financial results, I would like to begin by recognizing the
resilience of our global workforce. While the health and well-being of our employees, partners and
customers is our top priority, these dedicated teams worked tirelessly to maintain business continuity in
a safe and responsible manner. And throughout this very challenging period, they continue to advance
projects and meet customer requirements, which was evident in our second quarter results. We also
made solid progress in 3 core areas: strengthening our balance sheet, progressing our backlog scheduling
and accelerating our business transformation, all to ensure the success of TechnipFMC, both through the
current cycle and over the longer term.

With regard to the balance sheet, we took a series of proactive steps in the quarter. We increased our
liquidity by $1.2 billion, bringing total cash and liquidity to nearly $7 billion. And we secured a permanent
modification to our primary debt covenant, which favorably impacts the company's total capitalization
ratio. Together, these actions were taken to ensure that we have more than sufficient liquidity and can
maintain full access to this liquidity in these challenging times.

Turning to backlog. We experienced no cancellations, highlighting the resilience of the nearly $21 billion of
backlog we have today. This significant backlog provides us with good visibility that extends over the next
several years.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Since the start of the COVID-19 outbreak, we have had constructive conversations with our customers.
The dialogue has been very different than what we experienced in prior cycles. This has resulted in a more
collaborative approach, creating new opportunities for us, enabled by our proven innovative solutions and
demonstrated excellence in execution, and supported by the financial strength we possess to weather the
market cycle. These unique attributes also allow us to more deeply engage in the way we partner and
work with our customers.

Looking at the second half of the year, we continue to add new projects to our backlog. TechnipFMC has
been selected for the Mero 2 SURF EPCI project located in the Santos Basin. We will soon announce a
new iEPCI project in Asia Pacific, that will be using our latest 2.0 technology, and we have secured several
projects that will be inbound upon final sanctioning, including Subsea installation contracts recently
announced by Equinor and the EPC contract for the Assiut Hydrocracking Complex, we announced earlier
this month.

Our strong balance sheet and liquidity position and our extensive backlog have also provided us with the
flexibility to accelerate our business transformation, with global actions underway to generate annualized
cost savings in excess of $350 million by year-end. We first highlighted the business transformation during
our fourth quarter earnings call. These initiatives are driven by changes in opportunity created from the
successful introduction of new business models, innovative technologies and digital solutions across our
business.

First, going forward, we will need fewer assets to deliver more comprehensive solutions. We will have
fewer operating bases, service facilities and manufacturing sites. We are optimizing our operations across
geographies. And if economic returns don't make sense, we will look to exit.

We will have a smaller fleet. We continue to right size our assets to better align with our differentiated
offering and the advantages of new technologies, such as Subsea 2.0 and integrated project delivery.
And we continue to partner with others, providing us access to unique assets in a more capital-efficient
manner.

Second, we are taking targeted actions across the portfolio, particularly in Surface Technologies. In North
America, we continue to transform our operations by working with our customers to further drive well-site
operational efficiencies and lower greenhouse gas emissions. And we are leveraging the strength of our
international franchise to capitalize on the longer-term growth anticipated in the Middle East, Asia Pacific
and the North Sea.

And finally, we continue to leverage digital technologies across our organization. Looking at one of
our most recent innovations, we are accelerating the development and implementation of our Subsea
Studio digital platform. Subsea Studio allows us to significantly reduce the time required for front-end
engineering by as much as 50%, utilizing machine learning and AI to rapidly evaluate field development
scenarios, leveraging the industry's largest database of prior projects and best practices. All of these
actions are fully aligned with our strategy of market leadership and business transformation. These actions
will drive the most value when we align with those clients and partners that demonstrate a willingness to
embrace new commercial models and new technologies. We are further streamlining all of our businesses
towards simplification, standardization and reduce cycle times.

In 2019, the vast success of our Subsea integrated model was driven by the strength of our partner
relationships and resulted in the company's highest annual growth rate in order inbound in over a decade.
And we expect to enter into another exclusive iEPCI alliance that will be announced in conjunction with the
client's first integrated project award. As I've said before, those that adopt innovative solutions are more
likely to succeed in the new energy landscape. And we are even more convinced of this today, given the
dramatic change in the external environment and its impact on our customers.

And lastly, the third pillar of our business transformation is focused on the strategic initiatives across
our portfolio that will deliver new, sustainable solutions to our clients. These initiatives will allow us to
leverage our core competencies in engineering, manufacturing and project management, skills that
are transferable and can be applied beyond traditional market segments. In Subsea, we have created
fundamental change in the way we design, manage and execute projects, incorporating our Subsea 2.0

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

platform and greatly simplified the Subsea infrastructure, while reducing greenhouse gas emissions by
nearly 50%. And when combined with iEPCI, it also simplifies vessel installation campaigns, providing an
even greater environmental and economic benefits.

Our vision for Subsea includes an all-electric Subsea system, powered by renewable energy. This will
further simplify the Subsea infrastructure and reduce, if not eliminate, environmental emissions.

In Technip Energies, we have significant expertise and prospects in the area of sustainable chemistry.
Notably in biofuels, as Neste's partner of choice for renewable diesel projects. And we have further
expanded our footprint in the circular economy through our collaboration with Carbios to demonstrate
their recycling technologies.

We have recently extended our Genesis offering to provide a portfolio of advisory services across all of
our markets with a particular focus on energy transition. And we see a very exciting future for hydrogen,
where we already have proven technology and references for blue hydrogen and are well positioned for
the emerging market for green hydrogen.

In Surface Technologies, we offer high-efficiency solutions that enable our clients to reach hydrocarbons
faster with fully optimized and environmentally compact systems. Today, we have a project utilizing our
integrated production system, high production, allowing the client to capture over 50% of the greenhouse
gases that are typically released into the atmosphere during the production phase of an unconventional
development. In summary, we have the expertise across all segments of the business to deliver the
innovative, sustainable solutions that will enable our clients to meet their carbon reduction ambitions.

Let me turn to the Subsea outlook. On our first quarter call, we noted that up to 50% of the estimated
$15 billion in project value captured on our Subsea opportunity list could be extended beyond the 24-
month window. The updated list now reflects real evidence of this trend. Based on public disclosures
made by operators, we have identified 8 specific projects that have been extended beyond mid-2022.
Importantly, none of these projects have been canceled, and they remain longer-term opportunities for
future awards. There have also been new projects added across 4 different basins that we believe will
be awarded within the next 2 years, suggesting that previously identified reduction in value for these
opportunities, once thought to be as high as 50%, is actually closer to 30%. Remember, the Subsea
opportunity list is not a complete list of opportunities available to TechnipFMC. Beyond this large project
activity, our orders have been driven by subsea services, direct iEPCI awards and small project activity,
much of which is exclusive to our company.

This opportunity set has generated over $3 billion of inbound in each of the last 3 years and is enabled by
our market-leading installed base, growing list of alliance partners and unique integrated feed capabilities.
Our front-end engineering teams remain very active, and more than 60% of all integrated feed work is
leveraging the benefits of Subsea Studio. We believe this will generate additional proprietary opportunities,
some of which will come from our exclusive alliance partners over the next 12 to 18 months.

For 2020, we continue to believe inbound orders will approximate $4 billion. In the first half of the year,
we had $1.7 billion of subsea inbound. And with 5 months remaining in the year, we already see a similar
level of inbound for the second half of the year coming from subsea services, small project activity and
large project awards pending public announcement. In the interim, we will continue to work closely with
our customers as they adjust to the current environment. And we are excited to serve the new entrants
that will likely step in to operate potentially stranded opportunities.

That said, long-term success in Subsea is driven by economics, innovation and relationships, all key
attributes of TechnipFMC. This makes us uniquely qualified to remain the Subsea partner of choice now
more than ever.

Turning to LNG. We are currently in the delivery phase of 2 major projects, Coral floating LNG and Arctic
LNG 2, and we continue to advance through the warranty phase of Yamal LNG. Yamal been the industry's
most successful project ever, and the strength in our execution certainly played a role in NovaTek made
consortium's decision to direct award Arctic LNG 2 to TechnipFMC.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Despite the challenges of COVID-19, we are making good progress on all of these projects. On Arctic
LNG 2, we continue to expect the activity to ramp as scheduled over the remainder of 2020. And on the
Coral FLNG, we continue to achieve key milestones relating to module integration and instrumentation.
Successful execution of these technically and logistically complex projects create strong references,
leaving us well positioned to be a key player in the development of the industry's most strategic LNG
projects.

Market dynamics have shifted in recent months. And this will alter the broader LNG landscape in the near
term. The number of economically viable projects is likely to decline, but the same can be said of the list
of qualified EPC contractors, which will be challenged in this period of subdued project sanctioning. This is
not the case for Technip Energies. We have demonstrated remarkable resilience through past cycles, and
we don't see this as the start of an extended downturn for us. We have already been awarded 2 additional
projects, the first being Rovuma in Mozambique; and the second, Energia Costa Azul in Mexico. Both
remain subject to final investment decision, and either of these projects are included in our backlog. While
Rovuma has been delayed until 2021, the operator for Costa Azul continues to indicate that FID will take
place this year.

In addition, we are actively tendering a major project in the Middle East and performing front-end
engineering work on other LNG prospects. Some of which are likely to move forward due, in part, to their
strategic importance to their host country. This potential portfolio of LNG projects will provide us with
well-timed project overlap and operational continuity. And the portfolio beyond LNG remains diverse. We
have built a solid track record of successful execution, delivering strategic references in areas such as
downstream and petrochemicals that leave us well positioned for future project awards.

We entered this period with a solid foundation built upon the strength of our balance sheet, backlog
and execution. While client conversations remain ongoing, the increased visibility we have today gives
us confidence in our full year guidance for all business segments. This is further supported by the
acceleration of our business transformation initiatives to maintain, if not expand, our market leadership.

I will now turn the call over to Maryann to discuss our financial results in more detail.

Maryann T. Mannen
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Doug. Looking at our headline numbers for the quarter, revenue totaled $3.2 billion driven
by solid performance in both, Subsea and Technip Energies, while Surface Technologies revenue was
impacted by a severe decline in activity in North America. Year-over-year revenue decreased as a result of
reduced activity, operational headwinds from COVID-19 and foreign exchange impacts.

Adjusted EBITDA in the quarter was $241 million. We accelerated our cost reduction program and are on
track to deliver cost savings of more than $350 million by year-end. And we expect a greater benefit from
these savings in the second half of the year with the full impact realized in 2021. We estimate total cash
cost to achieve our planned cost savings target to be approximately $75 million.

Underlying corporate expense have improved over the last 3 consecutive quarters, giving us confidence to
lower our full year guidance, which I'll come back to in a moment.

Beginning with the second quarter, foreign exchange impacts are now reported separately from corporate
expense to provide greater clarity in our financial statements. Adjusted earnings per share for the
quarter were $0.09 when excluding after-tax charges and credits. Included in our adjusted earnings, our
expenses, resulting from increased liability payable to joint venture partners, included in interest expense
and foreign exchange losses. Together, these 2 items impacted EPS by $0.12 per share in the period. And
if excluded, our adjusted earnings per share would have been $0.22 per diluted share.

The company ended the period with cash of $4.8 billion. Net cash was $303 million. We have increased
visibility on our cash uses and inflows for the remainder of the year and have provided guidance around
our free cash flow outlook.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Turning to the segment highlights. Direct COVID-19 expenses for the company totaled $57 million in the
second quarter. Year-on-year Subsea revenue declined by 9%, but would have been unchanged when
excluding the negative impact of foreign exchange translation of $129 million due to the strengthening
U.S. dollar. While year-over-year comparisons are usually more relevant for this segment, the 10%
sequential improvement in Subsea revenue demonstrated our ability to mitigate COVID-19-related
disruptions in the quarter.

Subsea adjusted EBITDA margin was down 510 basis points versus the prior year quarter, primarily due to
the negative operational impacts related to COVID-19 and more competitively priced backlog, mitigated,
in part, by cost reduction initiatives. Sequentially, the margin only declined 120 basis points, as strong
execution partially offset an entire quarter of COVID-19-related disruptions.

Looking at Technip Energies, execution remains solid across the portfolio. Revenue increased versus the
prior year quarter, driven by higher activity across LNG, downstream and our process technology business.
The continued ramp-up on Arctic LNG 2 more than offset the decline in revenue from Yamal LNG. Adjusted
EBITDA margin of 10.6% remains strong even as we return to more normalized levels, given a reduced
year-on-year contribution from Yamal and lower margin realization on early stage projects. Although no
project awards were announced during the quarter -- second quarter, inbound orders of $836 million
demonstrated good activity in services, process technology and loading systems as well as expanded
scopes on existing contracts.

And in Surface Technologies, revenue was significantly affected by the dramatic decline in operator activity
in North America. Revenue outside North America proved to be resilient with only a modest sequential
decline, supported by solid activity in the Middle East. Sequentially, adjusted EBITDA margin declined 400
basis points to 3.4%. The decrease was driven by the significant decline in rig count and completions-
related activity in North America. We are aggressively addressing our cost base.

In North America, where the majority of our restructuring for the segment has occurred, we have
significantly lowered the breakeven point, which supports our expectation for positive adjusted EBITDA in
North America for the full year.

As Doug mentioned in his remarks, we have taken actions to reduce the impact of the current economic
environment on our financial and liquidity position. We added 2 additional liquidity sources in the quarter,
a EUR 500 million revolving credit facility. This facility is undrawn. And a GBP 600 million Bank of England
COVID-19 commercial paper facility. This facility carries lower interest rates than most of our other
sources. We took the opportunity to secure this for the incremental liquidity, if needed, but it has the
benefit of lowering interest expense in these challenged credit markets.

Given the assets to lower cost funding, we repaid the $500 million outstanding balance on our existing
revolving credit facility. When considering all actions taken in the quarter and including cash of $5.6
billion, net liquidity stood at $6.8 billion at the end of the quarter, up $1.2 billion when compared to the
end of March. In the quarter, we also secured a permanent amendment to the debt-to-capitalization
covenant of our revolver, allowing for the add-back of $3.2 billion of previously impaired goodwill. This
significantly increases the equity value used in the calculation, providing us with strong support liquidity
available to us today. The ratio for the second quarter is 38%.

In the quarter, we all took steps to extend our debt maturity profiles. First, with the private placement that
came due this month, we are currently working to address the short-term maturities coming due in 2021.

Turning to guidance. We are now providing 2020 guidance for all 3 operating segments as well as free
cash flow. In Subsea, we are guiding full year revenue to be in the range of $5.3 billion to $5.6 billion,
supported by the backlog scheduled in the second half. In addition to backlog, we continue to expect full
year revenue for subsea services to be approximately $1 billion. We expect adjusted EBITDA margin of at
least 8.5%, implying a second half recovery.

For Technip Energies, guidance is unchanged from the first quarter, with revenue in a range of $6.3 billion
to $6.8 billion and an adjusted EBITDA margin of at least 10%. The implied step-up in second half revenue
is in line with the continued ramp in major projects as supported by our backlog scheduling.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

And in Surface Technologies, we expect revenue in the range of $950 million to $1.15 billion, with revenue
outside of North America, representing around 60% of the total segment revenue for the year. We expect
adjusted EBITDA margin of at least 5.5%, broadly in line with the first half, but demonstrating recovery
from the second quarter low.

Turning to other guidance items. When excluding charges and credits, we now expect corporate expense
of $130 million to $150 million. This is an improvement of more than 30% at the midpoint of the
range versus prior year. The expense reduction reflects earlier-than-expected achievement of the cost
reductions that we discussed last quarter and lower spending in the first half of the year due to COVID-19
constraints. This guidance also assumes a more normalized operating environment in the second half of
the year. We expect our reported tax provision for the full year to be between $80 million and $90 million,
excluding discrete items. While adjusted net income is forecast to be higher in the back half of the year,
the tax provision should be slightly lower due to a change in jurisdictional mix. Free cash flow, which we
define as cash flow from operations, less capital expenditures, is expected to be between cash flow neutral
and $150 million. All other guidance remains unchanged from the first quarter.

Beyond free cash flow, we expect to make an additional cash dividend payment to the Yamal joint venture
partners of approximately $100 million in the second half of the year.

In summary, in an extremely turbulent time for the sector, our execution has remained strong, and we are
well on track to exceed our targeted cost savings. We continue to take steps to improve free cash flow and
remain focused on our cost structure. Our strength in cash and liquidity and robust backlog have enabled
us to accelerate our business transformation. And with the support of our cost reduction initiatives, our
demonstrated ability to execute against a multitude of external headwinds and our improved visibility into
the backlog, we have provided guidance across all segments, given the greater confidence we have in our
full year outlook.
Operator, you may now open the call for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Michael Alsford from Citi.

Michael James Alsford
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

One on Subsea, if I could, please. I'm just really -- could you talk a little bit about the margins for
Subsea? I think within the guidance, you've obviously split out direct related to COVID costs out of Subsea
margin, but it's still quite low quarter-on-quarter like you guided -- or rather you talked about. So could
you perhaps talk a little bit about what's the driver of that weaker margin, please?

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Michael, very much for the question. We -- not only did we deliver on the Q2 results, we
also provided you guidance now for the outlook for the remainder of the year which actually has an
increased delivery in the second half of the year relative to the first half of the year and an expectation
of margins for at least 8.5%. Clearly, in the second quarter, we were challenged operationally by direct
COVID expenses that were called out. But also indirectly, obviously, the overall business and the flow of
the business was impacted. Happy to report that through the quarter, and certainly, since we spoke in this
forum, most recently back at the end of the first quarter, conditions have certainly improved. At that point,
we had a significant number of our total operations that were either temporarily suspended for extended
period of time. We're now back to having all of our facilities operating.

That being said, we're not back to 100% operating efficiency. Although, again, the resiliency of the
workforce and their dedication has really delivered some phenomenal results. So we expect that to
continue to improve. Obviously, with the caveat that we don't know exactly what will be the future impacts
of -- if there were to be future impacts related to the pandemic. But very proud of the work that the team
has done, the progress that they've made, the ability to now have the confidence to give you the full year
outlook for 2020, with margins continuing to improve in the second half.

Michael James Alsford
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Doug, I appreciate the extra visibility from the guidance given today. Just a quick follow-up, if I could, on
Qatar. You seem very well placed there given the work that you're doing on the feed. I was just wondering
whether you get any sense as to when that might come to be awarded. Is it still likely to be pushed into
next year? Or do you feel that there might actually be a 2020 sanction?

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Certainly a very exciting opportunity, and I'm going to ask Catherine to provide more color.

Catherine MacGregor
President of the Technip Energies

Yes. Thank you very much. Thank you for the question. Certainly, an extremely exciting opportunity. As
you rightly said, we've been engaged in that project for a long time with a partner of choice. We've also
been involved in previous projects in the past. So this is a country, an environment, customer that we
know very well as well as the technology. So we're absolutely delighted to be involved in the feed and
preparing for this tender.

As far as the timing of the sanction and the FID of the project, obviously, all the indications tend to
confirm that this project is, indeed, a strategic importance for QP. The signs and the communication
that we are receiving from our customers make us look forward to this project to be sanctioned in the
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

near future. Now whether it will be this year or next year, frankly, it's very difficult for us to say. I could
not answer precisely to this question. But the key for us is that this project is indeed very important,
interesting and indeed likely to be sanctioned in the near term. Thank you.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Marc Bianchi from Cowen.

Marc Gregory Bianchi
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

I guess, first question, just looking at -- you mentioned some of the COVID disruptions, and you called out
the expense in the first quarter and the second quarter. As you look to the back half, can you give us any
sense of what sort of an adjustment we should be expecting?

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Sure. As I mentioned on the earlier question, we're certainly -- have made significant progress and really,
again, putting the health, safety and well-being of our employees first, set some industry standards and
best practices that we've now shared, not only with our clients, but with our peers and competitors on
ways to really try to minimize the spread of the virus, particularly in tight quarters, as an example, on
vessels in the manufacturing plants, et cetera. And really, really pleased with the progress that we've
made. Obviously, the challenge remains will there be additional implications that we are not aware of yet
today that could occur in the second half. And I'll ask Maryann to provide a bit more color.

Maryann T. Mannen
Executive VP & CFO

Certainly. Thanks, Doug. So as we think about these COVID-19 costs that we call out directly, maybe
a bit about what they are, these are extraordinary expenses. They are unplanned. We do not expect
them to be recovered. These would be, as Doug mentioned, when we have a facility that is closed, as an
example. These are not costs of inefficiencies in our plant, as Doug mentioned, meaning lower utilization,
lower operating rates, the impact of delayed supply chains. Those stay within our margins. And as Doug
explained, we are beginning to see some return to normal. So assuming that trajectory continues, and
we all know we can't necessarily project that, we would expect to see less in the third quarter. These are
costs that we would expect to be eliminated from our operating structure, given their nature. As we stand
today, again, challenging to project what would happen with COVID, but we would expect them to be less
in the back half. And then as we continue to return to a more normal environment, we certainly wouldn't
be calling them out anymore. The rest of those costs would remain as they do in our margins.

Marc Gregory Bianchi
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Sure. Okay. On the cash flow, the back half cash flow that is implied by the full year guidance is pretty
strong, kind of $250 million to $400 million is the implied range. I'm just wondering if there's anything
unusual milestone payments or anything like that. Or if we should think about that kind of implied
conversion of EBITDA to free cash flow is what the business can really do on a recurring basis?

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

An important question, and we appreciate you asking it because we would like to provide some additional
color. And when we think about our company as a projects business, having prepayments on awarded
projects, if you will, is not unusual, right? It's part of the overall mix and part of the projections that we
need to make. And Maryann will provide some additional color.

Maryann T. Mannen
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Sure. Thanks, Doug. One thing to keep in mind is as you look at the year-to-date performance, in
particular, in the quarter, we had 2 items that happened in the quarter that I would say are certainly
not necessarily operational and not repeating. And the first is we made our second payment against
a previously settled litigation. And that outflow happened in the second quarter. Obviously, that's not
repeating in the back half of the year. And you also may have seen the discussion of a settlement of about
$130 million in the Technip Energies segment. While we were successful and good news in settling that
this quarter, we will not see the cash flow attributed to that settlement until the beginning of next year.

The second part of your question is whether or not you can consider the back half of the year as a more
normal conversion. And I would say we're beginning to get there. As you well know, as Yamal continues
to be a smaller contribution to our EBIT and, frankly, less impact on working capital, we have less working
capital impact in the back half of the year, and you can begin to see greater conversion. We are obviously
assuming a series of projects milestones. We stay -- obviously, try to stay cash flow positive across those.
You see the EBIT in the back half of the year based on our guidance, would be improving.

So you can begin to look at the back half of the year as a better representation of the conversion that you
should expect in a more normalized environment.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Amy Wong from UBS.

Amy Wong
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

A couple of questions from me. Firstly, on your Subsea order intake, you sound very confident that you'll
hit that target. Can you just talk about some of the conversations that you're having with your clients?
What are kind of the sticking points for them to make FID? How is pricing evolving? Just give us a bit more
color on those conversations, please?

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Sure, Amy. In my prepared remarks, I tried to highlight the fact that we have received several awards,
which have not yet been announced or not yet been met all the requirements for us to include in our
backlog, both in Subsea as well as in Technip Energies. So in Subsea, I talked about the project in
Brazil. I talked about a project in Asia Pacific, which, by the way, is an iEPCI project utilizing Subsea 2.0
technology. And I talked about a portfolio of projects in the North Sea recently announced by Equinor.

In addition for Technip Energies, we announced the Assiut project, which is over $1 billion in total value.
So it's been a strong period for us in terms of awards. We have not been able to inbound all of those yet.
Conditions haven't been met, but will be met. It's not a question of if the projects will be sanctioned, it's
just a slight timing issue. And unfortunately, a few of those fell outside of Q2, but they certainly will be in
Q3. That's what provides us the confidence.

So in my prepared remarks, to be very clear, I said that we have $1.7 billion in the first half of the year.
And we already have a clear line of sight on another $1.7 billion. So I think you have to look past the Q2
order rate just because a lot of things fell into early Q3 or were awarded in Q2 but will be FID-ed in Q3.
So if you add those together, we have 5 months to fill in the last 10% to approximate the $4 billion of the
guidance that we had previously provided and, therefore, I still have confidence, Amy, that we will achieve
that.

In terms of the conversations and the pricing, the clients are very much focused around ensuring they
can achieve the very best project economics. Therefore, the majority of the conversations that we have
and a very large portion of the total awards that we receive are direct award into our company, most of
which don't actually come from that Subsea opportunity list that we publish, which is the list for the public
domain that others also have access to. We have a list that -- and I indicated in my script, as much as
$3 billion a year on a reoccurring basis that is exclusive to our company. This is what makes us so unique

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

and which allows us to not only be the market leader, but extend our market leadership with our new
technology offerings and our new commercial models.

So those conversations really aren't around pricing, Amy. They are on the project economics. And we
work together with a client in a very collaborative way to achieve those most favorable project economics.
That's the difference between our company and the others in this space.

Amy Wong
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

That's very good insight. Just a quick follow-up for Maryann. For the cost savings, could you quantify how
much of the cost savings were realized in the second quarter, please?

Maryann T. Mannen
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Amy. As you know, what we've indicated is, by 2021, we will have achieved all of the $350
million plus. So that run rate going into 2021 will be at least $350 million. We're ahead of that trajectory
as we get -- as we're planning to get there. So we are more than 50% complete with all of the actions
that we need to take in order to achieve that through the half of this year.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Sean Meakim from JPMorgan.

Sean Christopher Meakim
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Doug, just to start on -- or actually to continue on the Subsea margin discussion. The guidance for fiscal
'20 implies a 9% plus type number for the back half. So directionally, that's constructive. It's early, but
investors are going to start looking for 2021. So maybe too early for guidance, but maybe not too early to
think about some of the building blocks. This year, you guided to at least $4 billion of awards. That's below
2020 revenue, so maybe growing revenue next year is a bit more challenged, that's where we end up. But
I think your award commentary sounds pretty constructive here for some potential upside, maybe that's
back half '20 or first half '21. Services opportunities could be better if COVID disruptions recede. Book and
turn, still obviously very important. How would you frame those building blocks in terms of what drives
margin progress back towards a more normalized level next year?

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Sean, thank you for the question. And I think you highlighted the building blocks very well. If you look
at the order inbound projection for 2020, as we just discussed, you can start to project that in 2021. We
already have a lot of the potential revenue covered. We have a strong backlog. We've obviously just got
done talking about additional awards and the additional awards in the second half of this year.

So as far as the revenue line, and you're right, it's early to give 2021 guidance, let's remember, we just,
today, are giving H2 2020 guidance, given the disruption that the world experienced last quarter. But it's
fair to talk about. And as you said, we're seeing a nice progression of the margins in the second half of
the year based upon the guidance that we provided. And as we look into 2021, we expect to continue to
improve in terms of getting back to more normalized operating efficiency. We have a strong backlog. We'll
be adding new orders, as we just discussed. So when you look at it, again, it gives us confidence that
we're going to continue to be able to go back to more normalized level of margins.

Now one headwind -- we have several, but the one headwind that I would point out that didn't come up
in the -- in your question, is the fact that as some of this backlog rescheduling has occurred, it's naturally
pushed out the latter stages of the iEPCI projects or any Subsea project. When we -- certainly, for us,
it's the benefit of having the iEPCI projects. It's pushed out that installation campaign, in some cases,
pushed it out of 2021 and into 2022. So that's the one headwind will be basically the fleet and the fleet
utilization and the economic -- the low utilization, the economic impact that, that would have. That would

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

have largely dissipated in 2021 based upon the strong orders we had in 2019 and, again, what we were
originally expecting for 2020.

So it's kind of a balance. But I think when you look forward, you -- there's -- the backlog's strong. The
backlog's resilient. We're getting new orders and certainly have a very large portion of the total market.
We continue to add new alliance partners. It may not have come across in the script, so I'll repeat it. We
are about to announce a new iEPCI exclusive alliance partner, a serious player in the Subsea space.

So things are moving in the right direction. We obviously have to allow the COVID impact to dissipate,
get back to a more normalized environment. We don't know what the future will bring in regards to the
pandemic. So we have to be cautious. And we also have to consider that there's a bit of a headwind.
But all that means is we're going to continue to move forward in the accretive and constructive direction
in terms of the Subsea margins. But realizing that the real benefit of the recovery of the fleet to the
installation will now be more likely in the latter part of 2021 and 2022 versus -- which would have been
more in 2020. I hope that helps you, Sean.

Sean Christopher Meakim
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

That is very helpful, Dough. I appreciate that feedback. Maybe we could just have a similar discussion
around Technip Energies, just thinking about building blocks into next year. So in this case, Yamal roll off
is likely a headwind year-on-year for margins. Some big new projects still starting up. That's likely another
headwind, at least for 2021. But maybe coverage for revenue looks more secure than Subsea. So that
probably helps to some degree. Just curious how confident you are in terms of being able to stay in that
sweet spot but perhaps lower margins than when Yamal was a bigger part of the mix, but still staying
above that underlying downstream level. So perhaps somewhere in the high single-digit type of range.

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Sure. Well Yamal is not over yet. And we do have a large portfolio of other projects that are very
important to us as well. And I'll pass it to Catherine to provide more color.

Catherine MacGregor
President of the Technip Energies

Yes. Thank you. Thank you very much because similarly to Subsea, I have to say, you also described the
building blocks very well. Thank you.

So we have, as you know, very, very strong backlog, USD 13.8 billion at the end of Q2, which is going to
generate, indeed, a lot of revenue and strong revenue next year.

In terms of mix, you've described it well. We're expecting a step down in Yamal revenue, which will
obviously affect the aggregate EBITDA of our results next year.

On the other hand, the remaining of the portfolio has been accumulated in our backlog from a very
selective approach. As you know, we're very far in the way, and we make sure we choose, and we're very
selective in the prospect in the project we are involving. So that is reducing in a very sound gross margin
side backlog ex Yamal. And that you will see that next year in our portfolio.

So very much linked with the execution that we've demonstrated that we are demonstrating. You can
expect consistent delivering EBITDA. We'll have to normalize, for sure, for Yamal. We'll have to take into
account that Artic LNG 2 is progressing well. It's going to continue to ramp up. It will continue to be in
the early phase, which obviously is associated with a prudent margin recognition. But overall, I would say,
very strong, consistent margin profile that we expect from next year with that change in mix that you're
understanding very well.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Kurt Hallead from RBC.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Kurt Kevin Hallead
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

My initial follow-up question is for Maryann on the free cash flow guidance that was provided for the full
year. Just wanted to get some clarity on that. Does that free cash flow already embed the $100 million of
expected payments that are going to go to the Yamal JV partners?

Maryann T. Mannen
Executive VP & CFO

Kurt, so that Yamal payment actually fall below free cash flow, you see that in the financing section of the
cash flow. So short answer is no. That payment is not in our free cash flow expectation because it doesn't
fall there as it unwinds. But the back half of the year does include, obviously, assumptions for project
progress and inbounds and other milestones around the projects as we outlined. Hope that addresses your
question.

Kurt Kevin Hallead
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Yes. That does help. And then, Doug, you definitely aroused my curiosity with respect to your commentary
around some of the strategic initiatives for the Subsea and Technip Energies, especially as it relates to
the all-electric-powered Subsea system as well as your commentary about blue and green hydrogen
for Technip Energies. So I know it's going to be way too early for this to have a financial impact within
the next year or 2. But I'm just wondering what kind of momentum you see building for techniques,
specifically for FDI and specifically within the course of the next, I don't know, 6 to 12 months. And what
kind of traction do you think you can get within that time period for those initiatives?

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Well Kurt, you touched on the 2 key ones. A lot of the other initiatives, I would say, are not obvious in
terms of their momentum and certainly not obvious in terms of the returns associated in those -- in some
of the renewable space. And although we are participants across the renewable space, we really want to
focus on where we can provide differentiation and we can have returns that are very attractive versus, if
you will, some of the more commoditized parts of the renewable space. So you touched on the 2 key ones.
And it's very much how we see it, which is the electrification of the offshore, which is a big opportunity. I
would say there is a tremendous amount of enthusiasm and momentum on the subject. And we are very,
very uniquely positioned here because there's a lot of attributes and technologies that are required to
be able to do this. It's not simply providing the electricity, but it's the infrastructure and the equipment
and the design and the interfaces with the Subsea completions that are really, really unique. We've been
working on this for a period of time. We're partnering well with others in this space, and we believe this
will be a very attractive opportunity for our clients as they have stated environmental ambitions that we
can become a key partner for them and help them reach those ambitions. And this is an example of how
we could do that.

We're looking beyond just the electrification, and we're actually looking at the electrification through
renewable energy. This is where our experience of being involved in the very first offshore floating wind
farm gives us a lot of credibility in this space and a lot of experience and knowledge in this space. And as
an example, not necessarily from offshore floating wind, but that could be a very unique solution and one
that we're very well positioned to be able to provide to our clients. Another potential energy source could
be hydrogen, as you point out, and we're very excited about that.

I'm going to pass the microphone to Catherine and let her talk a bit about our vast experience in the area
of hydrogen.

Catherine MacGregor
President of the Technip Energies

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Yes, sure. And thank you -- thanks, Kurt. Thank you for the question. Obviously, we are extremely excited
by the momentum around hydrogen these days. We do believe that hydrogen is going to play a pivotal
role in the future energy mix being such a clean energy carrier, many, many different applications. The
nice thing for us is that we've been in hydrogen for pretty much 60 years. We've installed 270 plants
around the world. And obviously, this was called -- this is what we call gray hydrogen. But we've also --
and people might not know that. We've actually built 50 blue hydrogen units also across the world. So
we have a very differentiated offering with a proprietary steam reformer unit. We have capabilities with
some special equipment that help reduce CO2 emissions. So we have a lot of technology references and
experience.

In addition, we have a technology partnership on carbon capture. So when you combine all that, you
understand why we are so excited about the prospects in blue hydrogen. And of course, when you look
at the projection of hydrogen demand and hydrogen projection, there will be the need. And the most
exciting proposition, if you like, comes from the green hydrogen, which is pure clean hydrogen. However,
the economics and the commercial equation does leave a lot of room for the blue hydrogen, which is the
gray hydrogen with carbon capture, which is something that we commercially can today -- can provide
today. So that's a very exciting, strong position for us today.

If you look at the green hydrogen, obviously, it's a little bit more emerging. We also are excited about the
capability and the potential of integrating green hydrogen units at industrial scale. So for large industry,
which will benefit from green hydrogen, we think that our role as an integrator, project management skill
integration will be very useful in helping making the economics of this project work. So no matter what
you look, where you look in hydrogen, we think Technip Energies, indeed, has a big role to play. So that's
very exciting, and it's starting now, by the way. So back to you, Doug.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our last question comes from the line of Waqar Syed from ATB Capital Markets.

Waqar Mustafa Syed
ATB Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

You've talked about the green hydrogen and other energy transition ideas. Would you say that within all
your different ideas -- and is the hydrogen aspect the most exciting that you're working on? Number one.
And number two, as a percentage of revenue, what is the contribution right now from these emerging or
energy transition stories?

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Sure. So thank you very much, and appreciate the question. And obviously, an exciting subject to follow
up on. I'll be brief because I know we're running out of time. Actually, the electrification offshore, I would
say, is as exciting about is hydrogen and could be very, very impactful. We're talking about going to
zero-emission production that is quite significant. When you look at hydrogen, yes, of the renewables
and of the differentiation that we have in this space, for us, it is the most exciting. And we believe or we
can create the most differentiation and get very constructive returns, again, as opposed to a lot of the
renewable space, which is the award numbers are large, but the returns are poor. And that's not the type
of projects that we want to focus on. So we're going to keep driving and doing our part. We just joined the
Hydrogen Council, and we want to be an active voice and an active advocate and really help to push the
development in those areas.

In terms of a percentage of the total contribution, we probably don't have enough time to get into all the
dynamics of it. The question is, do you look at LNG as a very critical energy transition fuel, we certainly
do. It certainly has a significant impact and the ability to be able to make it a fungible commodity through
LNG. If you include LNG, it's a large percentage. If you exclude all hydrocarbon and just look at the pure
renewables, it's a smaller portion of the company today, but we're pivoting strongly in this direction and
securing to secure our future as well.

Waqar Mustafa Syed

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

ATB Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

If I can, maybe just one last question. The digital technology or digitization of the -- in the Technip
Energies solution business. That's something that you talked about last year. Where are you in the
progression in that -- introducing those ideas into that business segment?

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Sure. So we're looking at the digitalization of our company across the board, internal processes, external
processes. We highlighted the last couple of quarters -- actually introduced last quarter and highlighted
a bit more this quarter Subsea Studio. This is really, really significant. It's going to just drive our
differentiation wedge even greater, and we're seeing evidence of that very quickly. It's going to expand
beyond the front-end engineering. It will become, if you will, the way Subsea will be develop digitally from
the initial front end all the way through the life of the field of the project. So there's a lot more to come on
the subject. We'll be continuing to communicate that to you and others as we go forward.

In the area of Surface Technologies, we're moving to a fully digitized system for well completions. That is
really, again, quite exciting and has the impact in terms of the natural benefits of things being digital, but
it also has a benefit from a greenhouse gas emissions as well. And Catherine, I'll let you conclude today's
call by talking a bit about the digital transformation within Technip Energies.

Catherine MacGregor
President of the Technip Energies

Thank you very much, Doug. And similarly, in Technip Energies, we are progressing very well in some
of the game-changing technologies around digital, particularly on digital twin, particularly on carbon
assessment tool, particularly around ultra-front end tool, which allows optimized development and you
need to be deployed and designed for our customers. So we have a series of very good and game-
changing solutions that we will be looking forward to talking much more in the future. Thank you very
much.

Operator

I would now like to turn the call over to Matt Seinsheimer for closing remarks.

Matt Seinsheimer
Vice President of Investor Relations

This concludes our second quarter conference call. A replay of the call will be available on our website
beginning at approximately 8:00 p.m. British Summer Time today. If you have any further questions,
please feel free to reach out to the Investor Relations team. Thanks for joining us. Lisa, you may end the
call.

Operator
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You
may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

