Corning Incorporated NYSE:GLW
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, July 28, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.14

0.25

Revenue  (mm)

2412.39

2588.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-24-2020 4:43 PM GMT

78.57

7.28

0.29

1.08

1.67

2681.14

10384.78

11271.64

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.40

0.44

0.19

0.14

0.44

0.46

0.20

0.25

10.00 %

4.55 %

5.26 %

78.57 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CORNING INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Ann H. S. Nicholson
Vice President of Investor
Relations

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

ANALYSTS

Asiya Merchant
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

George Charles Notter
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Steven Bryant Fox
Fox Advisors LLC

Mehdi Hosseini
Susquehanna Financial Group,
LLLP, Research Division

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Meta A. Marshall
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Peter A. Zdebski
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Roderick B. Hall
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Samik Chatterjee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Corning Incorporated Second
Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference to
your speaker today, Ann Nicholson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.

Ann H. S. Nicholson
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Joelle, and good morning. Welcome to Corning's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. With me
today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Tony Tripeny, Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Evenson, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer.

I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve risks,
uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are
detailed in the company's financial reports.

You should also note that we will be discussing our consolidated results using core performance measures,
unless we specifically indicate our comments relate to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are
non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. Reconciliation of core results to the
comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at corning.com.

You may also access core results on our website with downloadable financials in the interactive analyst
center. Supporting slides are being shown live on our webcast. We encourage you to follow along, and
they're also available on our website for downloading.

Now I'll turn the call over to Wendell.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Ann, and good morning, everyone.

This morning, we reported second quarter 2020 results.

Sales were $2.6 billion. Net income was $218 million. EPS was $0.25. And free cash flow was $285 million.
All increased sequentially.

I have 2 primary observations on the quarter: first, we're effectively adjusting to this period of uncertainty
with decisive action and operational execution. We're generating positive cash flow and maintaining a
strong balance sheet; second, even in these uncertain times, our strategy to deliver for our customers
and outperform our markets is working. We're continuing to lead in the capabilities that make Corning
distinctive. In fact, we advanced multiple growth initiatives during the quarter.

Let's consider the first observation in more detail. In the second quarter, we completed adjustments to our
operating plan and continued to execute across the board by delivering operational improvements that will
generate significant cost savings through 2021. We delivered sequential growth in sales, EPS and free cash
flow. We also completed the vast majority of our anticipated restructuring, including the reprioritization of
R&D programs. We believe we're continuing to position Corning for strong long-term growth and improved
profitability.

Turning to my second observation. Our long-term strategy is sound and our growth drivers are intact. As
I've said before, we're not just counting on everybody buying more stuff. We're putting more Corning into
the products that people already buy. This provides a mechanism for us to outperform our end markets
even in challenging environments. The relevance of our focused and cohesive portfolio remains strong and
is actually increasing. Some of the secular trends benefiting us could accelerate as consumer lifestyles

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

continue to adapt in a world with social distancing and as health care companies advance solutions to end
the pandemic.

There is a need for expanded network capacity and ubiquitous displays as people spend more time online.
Safe widespread delivery of vaccines are among society's top priorities, and reduced fine particulate
pollution appears to be helpful for reducing infection rates. All these needs fall directly within Corning's
mission of improving lives through innovation, and we are well positioned to contribute. The progress
we've made and the leadership position we leveraged across our markets in the second quarter speaks for
itself.

Let's take a closer look.

In Life Sciences, we're mobilizing our capabilities to combat the virus wherever we can. Glass packaging
is critical to the COVID-19 vaccine effort and it is currently in short supply. Our Valor Glass innovation
helps enable faster filling line speeds and increased patient safety. Valor Glass was selected by the
U.S. Department of Health & Human Services and the Department of Defense to accelerate delivery of
COVID-19 vaccines, and Corning was awarded $204 million in funding to expand Valor manufacturing
capacity. 3 leading COVID-19 vaccine producers have entered supply agreements for Valor Glass. And
we're also working with several other potential customers to capture additional opportunities. Additionally,
we announced a long-term supply agreement with Pfizer to provide Valor Glass for currently marketed
drugs in their portfolio.

Our Life Sciences segment entered several long-term agreements with major customers for COVID-19
molecular diagnostic testing and antibody detection kits in quarter 2. We're seeing strong demand for
these products currently, and we expect to accelerate shipments further in the second half.

In Mobile Consumer Electronics, our Specialty Materials segment delivered 13% year-over-year sales
growth while the smartphone market declined year-over-year. Our performance was driven by strong
demand for premium products, and we announced 2 exciting milestones. Gorilla Glass has now been used
on more than 8 billion devices worldwide. And we maintained our industry leadership with the launch of
Gorilla Glass Victus. This is the toughest Gorilla Glass yet and features significantly better drop and scratch
performance than any other Gorilla Glass or competitive glass from other manufacturers. Samsung will be
the first customer to adopt Gorilla Glass Victus in the near future.

In Automotive, our Environmental technology segment outperformed in a weak market. Strong adoption
of our gasoline particulate filters continued, driving their sales growth to more than 20% year-over-
year. Turning to optical communications. Corning grew sales 12% sequentially, driven by carrier network
projects. We announced a collaboration with EnerSys to speed 5G deployment by simplifying the delivery
of fiber and electrical power to small-cell wireless sites.

We also announced that we're working with Qualcomm Technologies to deliver indoor networks that
are 5G ready, easy to install and affordable. The Corning systems are expected to be among the first
designed to deliver 5G and our capability over millimeter wave spectrum in the indoor segment. This
includes enterprises such as offices, university campuses, hospitals, hotels, retail outlets and more. Our
collaboration will enable a small footprint and low-power consumption platform for true high-bandwidth 5G
for in-building networks. Customer deployment will begin in the fall.

In Display, Corning generated consistent sequential net income as customer demand remained steady.
And large screen TV sales continued to drive demand, supporting the opening of our Gen 10.5 facilities.
Across our markets, you can see that we're successfully advancing our long-term growth initiatives.
Additionally, near-term market conditions have improved. Auto factories are resuming operations in North
America and Europe. And auto sales in China have returned to pre-pandemic levels. Telecommunications
service providers and data center operators have resumed sending their technicians into the field, and
they're rethinking their network needs to address greater demand for their services.

Life Science labs are slowly reopening. We also expect television demand to remain resilient as in-home
entertainment is more important than ever. And the demand for computing devices will be boosted by
work and learn from home.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

So we're seeing some encouraging developments across our industries. On the other hand, disruptive
forces from the pandemic, the civil unrest, to a worldwide recession and geopolitical struggles all remain in
play, and they create uncertainty. We are united as a company to remain vigilant and adapt appropriately.
We're rising to the challenge.

I'll now turn the call over to Tony so he can give you some more detail on our quarter and our near-term
outlook.

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Wendell, and good morning.

We came into this economic downturn with a balance sheet built for times like these, and we took actions
during the quarter to ensure we have the financial resources needed for the duration.

We generated $285 million in free cash flow, exited the quarter with $2.2 billion in cash and are on track
to generate positive free cash flow for the year.

Our financial position is strong. We are becoming more efficient, and we have the capacity in place to
meet expected growth with minimal investment. We expect improved profitability and return on invested
capital as we grow sales.

As the quarter progressed, demand and visibility improved. We maintained our leadership across all of our
market access platforms. As a result, we expect to grow sales and profits in the third quarter.

As we said on our first quarter call, we've made aggressive adjustments to align our cost and operating
plan with the lower anticipated sales. These actions were essentially completed in the second quarter and
fall into 4 broad categories: reducing production levels across most of our businesses; adjusting operating
expenses, with the majority of the savings to be realized in the second half; modifying inventory plans;
and reducing capital expenditures. As a result, we expect $200 million in annualized cash savings. We
reduced inventory by $120 million in the second quarter, and we reduced our CapEx by half versus Q1 to
$288 million. We expect Q3 and Q4 CapEx to be consistent with the second quarter.

We had strong operational performance with sequential improvement in sales, net income, EPS and free
cash flow. Second quarter sales were $2.6 billion, up 2% quarter-over-quarter. Net income was $218
million, up 23% quarter-over-quarter. And EPS was $0.25, up 25% sequentially. And free cash flow was
$285 million.

Now before I get into further details of our performance and results, I want to note that the largest
difference between our GAAP and core results stemmed from restructuring charges of $254 million,
which was primarily noncash and included the reassessment and reprioritization of R&D programs. Other
differences between our GAAP and core results come from a noncash mark-to-market adjustment for our
currency hedge contracts.

With respect to mark-to-market adjustments, GAAP accounting requires earning translations, hedge
contracts and foreign debt settling in future periods to be mark-to-market and recorded at current value at
the end of each quarter even though those contracts will not be settled in the current quarter. To be clear,
this mark-to-market accounting has no impact on our cash flow.

Our currency hedges protect us economically from foreign exchange rate fluctuations and provide higher
certainty for our earnings and cash flow, our ability to invest for growth and our future shareholder
distributions. Our non-GAAP or core results provide additional transparency into operations by using a
constant currency rate aligned with the economics of our underlying transactions. So we're very pleased
with our hedging program and the economic certainty it provides. We've received $1.7 billion in cash
under our hedge contracts since their inception more than 5 years ago.

Now let's review the business segments.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

In Display Technologies, second quarter sales were $753 million and net income was $152 million,
both consistent with the first quarter. The Display glass volume grew by a low single-digit percentage
sequentially as our Gen 10.5 customers bought more glass. Sequential price declines were moderate
and as expected. As Wendell said, we expect that television demand will remain resilient as in-home
entertainment is more important than ever and that demand for IT products will be boosted by work and
steady-from-home trends.

In the second quarter, worldwide TV sell-through units in Q2 increased slightly year-over-year, better
than Q1 and better than the industry anticipated. Additionally, demand for notebook PCs was strong in
the second quarter. Preliminary retail sell-through data for June and July indicate that demand recovery
in China has held and that demand in North America and Europe remains robust, while emerging regions
remain weak.

While uncertainty exists around retail demand in the back half of the year, we remain confident that TV
screen size will continue to grow in 2020 and beyond. TV's 65-inch or larger grew almost 40% and year-
over-year in the first half. And we are well positioned to capture the majority of that growth with Gen
10.5, which is the most efficient gen size for large TV manufacturing.

We continue to expect Display pricing to decline by a mid-single-digit percentage in 2020. We believe
that 3 factors drive a favorable glass pricing environment: first, we expect glass supply to continue to
be balanced to demand. For Corning, we are aligning our capacity with demand. We are also pacing our
Gen 10.5 capital projects to align with panel makers' schedules; second, our competitors continue to face
profitability challenges at current pricing levels; and third, Display glass manufacturing requires periodic
investments in existing capacity to maintain operations. Glass prices must support acceptable returns on
those investments.

In Optical Communications, second quarter sales grew 12% sequentially to $887 million as major carriers
increased spending on cable deployments and access network projects. Net income grew by $52 million to
$81 million on the higher volume and actions taken to align cost and capacity. The year-over-year decline
in sales was consistent with the passive optical market decline.

We maintain our view that the long-term trend in optical is strongly positive. Bandwidth demand has
accelerated during the pandemic, consuming network headroom capacity. Evidence of that demand
includes: AT&T's report that WiFi calling increased 100%; Verizon's report that VPN connections are up
72% over pre-COVID levels; and Zoom surpassing 300 million users from 10 million in December.

We expect carriers to expand capacity to meet growing bandwidth in the future, but the current
environment makes timing uncertain. While network operators remain committed to their original capital
plans for 2020, deployments are constrained by pandemic-related labor and site access constraints. We
expect these factors to continue in the third quarter.

Environmental Technologies faced a challenging market. During the quarter, OEMs temporarily halted
production in both the automotive and diesel markets. To mitigate the impact, we swiftly adjusted our
operations to pace with customer demand and reduced costs. Environmental Technologies' second quarter
sales were $226 million and profitability was impacted by lower sales and production volumes.

Our auto sales were down 31% year-over-year, beating the global auto production decline of 41 -- 45%
year-over-year through continued adoption of gasoline particulate filters. The good news is that by the end
of the quarter, auto sales in China returned to pre-lockdown levels, while North America and Europe OEMs
began ramping production.

In diesel, the anticipated cyclical downturn in North America heavy-duty truck market was made worse by
shutdowns, with vehicle production dropping 73% year-over-year.

Overall, we remain confident in our content and innovation-driven strategy in Environmental and expect to
return to growth as markets improve through the second half and into next year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Specialty Materials sales were $417 million in the second quarter, up 13% year-over-year and in sharp
contrast to the smartphone market, which declined year-over-year. Net income was $90 million, up 34%
year-over-year.

Sales growth was driven by 3 factors: first, premium glass demand increased in support of second half
customer launches; second, work and study-from-home trends drove growth in our products for tablets
and laptops; and third, the demand for advanced chips drove sales for our semiconductor equipment
products.

Looking ahead, we expect our outperformance relative to the 2020 mobile consumer electronics market to
come from further adoption of our innovations.

In Life Sciences, second quarter sales declined 7% year-over-year to $243 million. Net income was $31
million, down $9 million versus last year, on the lower sales volume. The business was impacted by the
prolonged closure of nonessential laboratories, such as universes -- university research labs, particularly in
the North American market. The impact has been somewhat offset by increased demand for consumables
used in COVID-19 testing applications. Life Science lab reopenings picked up in late May and lab utilization
has been steadily increasing since then. Going forward, we are confident in the opportunities ahead for
Life Sciences and Valor, especially as we prepare for upcoming vaccine demand.

Equity earnings were positively impacted in the second quarter as our Hemlock JV settled a contract
with a solar customer. Going forward, Hemlock will largely sell products in the semiconductor industry.
Hemlock's leadership position is backed by attractive long-term take-or-pay customer contracts with
upfront payments. This creates stable revenue and profits and strong cash flow generation.

Let's move to the balance sheet and our commitment to strong financial stewardship.

We generated $285 million of free cash flow, a significant increase from the first quarter. We were at
$2.2 billion of cash, and we have a debt structure that is conservative by design and relatively unique.
Our balance sheet is built for times like these. Today, our average debt maturity is about 25 years, the
longest in the S&P 500. Over the next 18 months, we have under $70 million coming due. Less than half
of our total debt is due within the next 20 years. And during this time, there is no single year with debt
repayments over $500 million.

Investors often evaluate credit and financial health based on total debt to EBITDA. For the S&P 500, the
average company has a weighted average debt maturity of roughly 10 years, and more than 80% of debt
is due within 20 years. Consequently, when investors calculate the debt to EBITDA, they are implicitly
focusing mostly on debt due in the next 20 years. Corning's 20-year debt-to-EBITDA is 1.2x, consistent
with an A credit rating and illustrative of the conservatism of our balance sheet.

We expect to maintain a strong cash position and to maintain our dividend. As I've previously mentioned,
we expect to generate positive free cash flow for the year. And we have paused share buybacks and do not
expect to add material debt in 2020.

So in total, we have a very strong balance sheet and we have the financial resources needed for the
duration of the economic downturn.

To wrap up, we had strong operational performance in the second quarter, with sequential improvements
in sales, net income, EPS and free cash flow. As the quarter progressed, demand and visibility improved.
This improvement has continued throughout July. As a result, we expect to grow sales and profits in the
third quarter. However, we remain aware of the potential impact from the pandemic, the global recession,
civil unrest and geopolitical tensions. So how much growth will depend on end market demand and
economic activity during August and September? We will keep you updated as we move through the
quarter.

Stepping back, our underlying growth drivers are intact and we're successfully navigating the -- this crisis.
As we grow sales, we expect improved profitability. Furthermore, we have the capacity in place to be able
to meet the sales growth with minimal investment, which we expect to result in capital efficiency gains,
including ROIC improvement.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

All together, this reaffirms our confidence that Corning is positioned to emerge from this crisis stronger
than ever.

Now I'll turn the call back over to Wendell.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Tony.

During the second quarter, we made great strides in positioning Corning to emerge stronger from
the global health crisis and resume growth. Sales, net income, EPS and free cash flow all increased
sequentially. Corning advanced multiple initiatives throughout the second quarter, including the launch of
Corning Gorilla Glass Victus and continued innovation with 5G industry leaders.

On the COVID-19 front, we continue to seek ways to leverage our deep technology, manufacturing and
engineering capabilities to combat the pandemic directly. We were delighted that Valor Glass was selected
by the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services and the Department of Defense to accelerate delivery
of COVID-19 vaccines.

Overall, our decisive action and operational execution resulted in positive free cash flow and continued
leadership in the capabilities that make Corning distinctive.

We're delivering for our customers. We're outperforming our markets, and we're preserving our financial
strength.

I'll conclude with an additional important development. For nearly 170 years, our company has been
dedicated to creating innovations that have a positive impact on the world while conducting business in a
way that has positive impact on our people and our communities. Now we have an opportunity to make
additional contributions.

We're setting up an office to further build racial and social unity within the walls of Corning and in our
communities. Lewis Steverson, our Chief Legal and Administrative Officer, will lead this office.

With that, let's move to Q&A. Ann?

Ann H. S. Nicholson
Vice President of Investor Relations
Thanks, Wendell. Operator, we are ready for the first question.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.

Samik Chatterjee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Yes. If I can just start off with Display. You've talked about kind of demand being resilient on TV side, but
as we're looking at some of the data points from panel makers regarding to a substantial improvement in
panel shipments quarter-on-quarter going to 3Q or something in the magnitude of 20%. So I wanted to
get a sense of what you're seeing in terms of -- or hearing in terms of demand from your panel customers
and where does inventory stand because I think last quarter, you were a bit concerned about the inventory
level going in.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Thanks, from an -- Samik, from an overall standpoint, the TV demand has clearly been resilient. The
data points that we saw in the second quarter was the fact that these TV units were up on a year-over-
year basis. And then by -- that was certainly better than Q1 and it was also better than, well, most people
who are expecting as we went into the quarter.

In addition to that, if you look at what happened in the preliminary data in June and July, I mean that data
was also very strong. I -- in China, we didn't see a change in that data, though that demand remained
robust. And in North America and Europe, it was strong during the whole quarter and that continued.

So, yes, I -- we think TV demand is resilient. And we also think the supply chain change is perfectly
healthy. I mean we ended the year in a healthy supply chain situation. Of course, nobody knew exactly
what was going to happen in the second quarter. But given what did happen in the second quarter and the
way things are going now, we don't see any supply chain issues there.

Samik Chatterjee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And if I can just follow-up on the cash flow here. So you had a strong free cash flow quarter through
the working capital improvement that you're driving. Just help me think about how sustainable those are
as you start to kind of go through the recovery in terms of revenue.

How much of that improvement is kind of something you have to get back as you -- on working capital?
Just to trying to think about kind of how does this impact your free cash flow conversion in the long run.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Well certainly a lot of that was by reducing inventory. We reduced inventory over $100 million during the
quarter. And if you recall, over the last 18 months or so, as we thought our sales were going to be more
stronger than they actually turned out to be, they actually built up a fair amount of inventory. So we think
there's the opportunity to continue to reduce inventory.

And then just from an overall operational standpoint, one of our real focus areas in the company is on
inventory management and how to get better at that. So I think that at least that is sustainable for at
least a couple more quarter. No doubt when we grow again, we'll have to consume working capital.

The other thing that was a big improvement during the quarter, of course, was what happened on capital
spending. And as you know, in the first quarter, a lot of that was the expansion capital ramping up on
some of our biggest projects, such as Gen 10.5. And although we still have some of that that's going on,
we reduced it significantly in Q2, and we'd expect Q3 and Q4 to be at those same levels.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

I think stepping back and looking at free cash flow conversion. Fundamentally, when we're not in a build
cycle, our free cash flow conversion is excellent. And that's where we are right now. So it's less really
about the specific programs and specific things we're doing. It's more just since it takes us a couple of 3
years to build one of our major loca-cost factories. There's a cycle where we invest for the future and it is
that investment that drives down our free cash flow conversion.

We're in a period right now where we've gotten ahead of that. So we're in a spot where we're just in a
reinvestment stage. And if we work like that, we're going to have really high free cash flow conversion,
and you can expect that to continue.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steven Fox with Fox Advisors.

Steven Bryant Fox
Fox Advisors LLC

Wendell, I was wondering if you could maybe step back and give us a bigger-picture view on the new
Optical cycle. You talked about network headroom basically going away. And it sounds like site access is
still an issue, but not as big of an issue.

So if you wanted to think about maybe the next 4 to 6 quarters versus how you performed in the year or 2
before the downturn in Optical, how do we think about that under the sort of new world we're living in?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Steve, I think that's an excellent question. And to sort of balance up the known versus the unknown, and
then try to come to a conclusion. On the known side, both our cloud providers as well as our network
service providers, all are experiencing very strong growth, as you heard from Tony and you've heard from
me during this call. That strong growth, and they see an opportunity for more revenue production going
forward, and they see the fiber-based networks have -- are just lower cost.

And you're starting to see some commentary, especially from the network providers, about how they can
combine and merge all the various services on to one high-capacity fiber network and therefore open up
lots of avenues towards revenue creation, all off one capital investment. So all that is stacking up for sort
of powerful forces to put Optical Communications back in a cycle of growth.

On the unknown side, real people have to install these networks. Real people have to show up to put in
place these massive cloud-based data centers. And even though people are resuming putting technicians
in the field, it is as -- at a much less rate than what it would be -- what would be needed to support
historical build cycles.

So we still have the pandemic here, and so that makes actual prediction just quarter-to-quarter what
will happen to be difficult. But I think as you said, Steve, because that's what's behind the question, the
fundamentals look really strong. Our market position looks really strong. We should be entering a growth
cycle. Now we just got to see how the world deals with the pandemic.

Operator

Our next question comes from Asiya Merchant with Citigroup.

Asiya Merchant
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Great. Congratulations on a good quarter. A couple of questions. One just on Optical. There was
commentary that the Optical segment performed sort of in line with the passive Optical market decline.
And Wendell just talked about all the labor constraints, et cetera, that's going on.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

How should we think about Corning's always maintained their leadership across their end markets? When
do we expect -- or when should we expect Corning to, again, resume growth that outpaces the broader
market? And then I have another follow-up on capacity and margins.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

This year, if we're doing our job. And that's the way we think about it. We should be outpacing the market,
and we will get on with that post haste.

Asiya Merchant
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Okay. And then just on margins, if I think about -- obviously, you guys are making some progress here
sequentially in the third quarter, that's the commentary. And typically, 3Q is up 5% or so on the top line
and as the top line falls through the margins, et cetera. There's some investor confusion around how idling
capacity should help margins.

If somebody can walk us through the dynamics there. Typically, idling capacity would lead to perhaps a hit
on margins. And how should we think about the margin improvements in the back half?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

It -- yours -- Asiya, you're correct. I think when we idle capacity, that does hurt the margins, especially
if you're having less production than you're actually selling as you also take down inventory, which is, of
course, what we did in Q2 and Q3. On the other side though, we did a lot of cost reduction efforts, and
that ends up helping margins.

And so we ended up in Q2 with margins very similar to what we had in Q1. On a gross margin level and
then on an operating margin level, of course, we did better than that. So as we look forward, the key here
is to increase sales. And as we put more sales through our factories and more sales through our OpEx
structure, we'll see expansion in margins.

Operator

Our next question comes from George Notter with Jefferies.

George Charles Notter
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

I guess I wanted to ask about just the fundamentals in the Display business. I'm thinking more
strategically. There's a lot of moving parts there, of course. You guys are pacing some of your investment
in Gen 10.5. You've got pending exits of some of the LCD panel-making facilities in Korea. Certainly, we
hear about CBC rumor to be for sale. I mean can you just talk about what you're seeing over there? And
how that kind of plays into your dynamics strategically as you look forward?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Thanks for the question. What you've heard from us in the past really remains. Those fundamental drivers
remain in place, which is we have been preparing for a number of years for the ascendancy of the Chinese
panel-making infrastructure. And because of the particular way that economy works, that would leave
what was the strongest region in terms of production, Korea, at a cost disadvantage.

Once they made the decision not to go to Gen 10.5, that sort of was -- the die was cast. So that's why
we have been on our investment cycle in China with 3/4 of the support coming from our customers or the
Chinese government in one form or another.

So those trends look like they continue to move in our direction. It always happened a little bit faster than
we were planning because Korea ended up -- Samsung specifically ended up making decisions a little

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

faster than what was their original plan. So we don't really have all of our Gen 10.5 facilities up to support
all that demand yet, and that's what we're working through.

CBC, of course, is a strong customer of ours. We would expect our market position to continue to grow as
the trends towards China continue and the trends towards our long-term strategic partners continue. Did
that answer your question, George?

George Charles Notter
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Very well, yes. Thank you.

Operator

Our next question comes from Shannon Cross with Cross Research.

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

I was just curious, given the vaccine, and obviously, you've got some funding from the government, but
just in general, sort of this push to move manufacturing back to the U.S. then and clearly, a significant
amount of government dollars that are out there right now. If this has changed really your thought
process on time line for Valor to provide meaningful contribution to the business.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

The simple answer, Shannon, is yes.

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Any idea of the magnitude of the pull-in of time line? [indiscernible] if you think about it.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

We have an excellent idea. Yes. We have an excellent idea. We're not disclosing it yet. Here's the challenge
really in why we're not giving specific guidance here on Valor is we are putting a significant amount of our
effort behind the specific human health need of we have to protect our people and the people around the
globe with the vaccine.

So that's where we're aiming our efforts. So sort of any prediction on the specific sales as they evolve,
would have to involve like what is going to be the success and timing of the vaccine. So what you can see,
the way to think about it is we're now accelerating the building of our high-volume manufacturing facility.

And we're in the midst of pouring concrete on the floor, too, inside that shell. We're in the midst of quickly
ramping our equipment, and we're doubling the output of our Big Flats, New York facility. So we're going
very fast, but so are our customers going very fast, and it's really hard to pick winners and losers. So I
still the -- here's the way I think about it financially. I still don't think, if you're primarily focused on the
near term, you should worry much about Valor driving our numbers, right?

If you're worried about the long term, this is an excellent sign for us. All the stuff that we bet on, which is
you needed U.S.-based manufacturing, that you needed a new pharmaceutical package, that we needed
to have more fill-line capacity, and we could do that through our packaging, that we needed to make
patients safer. All those bets look like they're coming through. But that's really about the long-term, it will
be a big driver. Meanwhile, we just want to make you safe, and we want to do our part. Does that make
sense, Shannon?

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

It does. It does. Can you talk a bit about any competitive moves that you've seen from some of the others
out in the industry? Because it seems like you guys are in a really good position, but I'm wondering if
you've seen anything pop up recently.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Well, in this industry, remember, we're an attacker. So historically, we haven't had much of a position in
pharmaceutical packaging. And it was only when we saw significant issues with the packaging of today
that we developed the Valor innovation and decided we needed to do this to make patients safer.

And we needed to bring our capabilities to that fight. So we're really the attacker. We're just getting
started, but I think you're right. I think we're off to a robust-enough start to give our competitors a heck
of a wake up call.

Operator

And our next question comes from Tim Long with Barclays.

Peter A. Zdebski
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

This is Peter Zdebski on for Tim. Congratulations on the quarter. I wanted to ask about the Specialty
Materials outperformance. Can you help us parse out how significant the impact from work from home and
the strong semiconductor equipment demand was relative to smartphone premium products? And then
maybe how sustainable you see that as we go into 2H?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

I think from an overall standpoint, each of those items were roughly about 1/3 of the reason for the
outperformance. I mean, clearly, what happened in the glass that we sell, both the tablets and the parts
that we sell, the notebook computers that have Gorilla Glass on them, was very important to us, and we
think it's a good example of the innovations that that we have that caused us to perform better than the
underlying market.

And then semiconductor performance was also good. I mean the demand for advanced chipsets really had
made a difference there. And then from a glass standpoint, as we said, we've -- as people get ready to --
as our customers get ready to introduce new products in the back half of the year, they, of course, pull on
those products early, and we saw nice demand there, too.

Operator

And our next question comes from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley.

Meta A. Marshall
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great. Maybe just a question for me on the Optical segment picking up, but I just wonder if you could give
a sense of the breadth of that pickup. Is it amongst kind of 1 or 2 major customers? Or are you seeing it
kind of across the board? And any commentary on hyper-scale customers in terms of their kind of Optical
demand?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

I think from an overall standpoint, we especially saw it in the carrier market. I mean it's certainly more
than 1 or 2 customers, but it was very much driven in the carrier market. And when you see our detailed
numbers, you'll see that those were the numbers that were up on a sequential basis.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

In the enterprise market, it was a little bit more mixed. I think from a data center standpoint, that's where
a lot of the labor constraint really showed up. I mean some data centers less so than others, but I think
that's one of the reasons that those sales were down on a quarter-over-quarter basis.

But then also, a lot of our enterprise customers are small and medium businesses, and also corporate
spending. And we saw those areas were clearly impacted by what's happening in the outside world. But
there was a broad set especially in the carrier business.

Meta A. Marshall
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Got it. And then maybe just on the restructuring charge, and you noted that it was due to reprioritization
of some R&D projects. Are there any major projects we could -- should consider discontinued? Or just any
commentary there?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I mean it was very specifically a stealth project that we hadn't really talked a lot about externally.
That had originally been initiated by a customer request. And if you recall on our 3-4-5 strategy, there's
the 20% that's outside of 3-4-5 capabilities where we put our energy and efforts into. And it -- in -- it's
one of those projects in that 20% category.

And of course, in this environment, it made sense for us to go back and look at that 20%, and so that's
what we did. And we ended up restructuring impairing some of those assets.

Operator

Our next question comes from Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs.

Roderick B. Hall
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I wanted to start with the lack of guidance or the lower guidance for September and just see if I'm
interpreting this correctly. It seems like your Display commentary is positive. And then Optical has always
been certain. So that leaves us with Specialty as the source of increased uncertainty in September.

So I wanted to check and see if that's accurate or if that's the right way to interpret this. And then if that
is right, what's driving that? Is that product timing? Or is it demand uncertainty? Could you maybe double-
click on why the reduced guidance in September?

And also, maybe tell us whether you -- and you're going to continue to provide a lower level of guidance
like this or is this just a one-off. And then I have a follow-up.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

So let's start with your premise, okay? We're not providing lower guidance for September nor are we
providing lower guidance for Specialty or anything like this. Well, this is -- I think you're overthinking it.
Here's the situation. Really all lights are flashing green in our specific industries and in our performance of
our units. Our financial executives, our operational executives, our strategic executives were all for giving
more specific guidance this quarter. Okay?

I'm the problem. And it's not anything that we're seeing happening specifically in our industries. It's just
as I look at the world and I see the pandemic doing what it's doing, I see a very broad global recession.
I see civil unrest really across the globe. And I see an awful lot of global tensions in a geopolitical sense.
And it is that macro area that makes me say, "I think there's just too much uncertainty just to count on
what we're seeing with our own 2 eyes."

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

But if we just look at our data, I think we'd be comfortable giving specific guidance, and you would view
that guidance as positive. And I'm just more worried about the product uncertainty. Does that make sense
to you, Rod? I know I must disappoint you. Does it make sense to you?

Roderick B. Hall
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Yes. No, no, no. Wendell, that's very helpful color. I just -- that's very helpful. So that answers my
question. I appreciate that. And then the second thing, I wanted to drill into the working capital again,
Tony.

We -- one of the standouts for us was the debt payable. That came down quite a bit in June and
wondering, is that a sustainable level? Or do you expect that to bounce back to kind of more historical
average levels? Or -- and maybe can you tell us what drove that?

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. No. I think from an overall standpoint, I mean, Wendell's right. I mean we're in a period of time
where our free cash flow conversion is going to be strong because we're not doing the investment capital
that we've done in the last several years. And so on any given line item on the cash flow statement,
there's a variety of things that happen on a month-in and month-out standpoint.

But we're committed, and we're going to deliver free cash flow for the year. And that's what our focus
is. And we are thrilled with our performance in the second quarter. And I think it really helps investors
understand our ability to generate that free cash flow.

Operator

Our next question comes from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Yes. Wendell, you noted the strong free cash flow margins coming off a build cycle. I think, Tony, you just
referenced that, too. I was wondering how long typically these post-build cycles are, especially given the
fact that Display has been usually a large source of that?

A historical perspective on that would be helpful. And given COVID now, do you think that, that is
extended for a longer period of time? And I have a follow-up.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Wamsi, what an excellent question. In a way what you're asking is, when will we be in our next build
cycle, which usually is for revenue that's a couple of years out? I think it's really hard to answer that
question, Wamsi. If you woke me up in the middle of the night and asked me, I'd say, "I think we're going
to be in a period of really staying within more of the -- a reinvestment repurpose pieces of our wheel,
right, and event pieces of our wheel for a time period that, in your normal models, you should be able to
count on."

at the same time, what we hope for is that things like our successful help with the vaccine, that this --
the movement towards more optical networks and all those things put us in the long-term spot, those
megatrends, our conversion of more value in auto to be back in our build cycle. But I think we'll have
plenty of warning, Wamsi. Sorry, I don't have a more specific answer for you.

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

No, no. And Tony, if I could, the funding that the government is providing for the $204 million that you
alluded to, to expand Valor manufacturing capacity, how should we think of that flowing through sort of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

your statements? Is that a -- does it get reflected in CapEx right away? Is it all-in CapEx? Can you give us
any color on that?

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think the way to think about it, Wamsi, is that as we spend this money, this gets reimbursed, and
so it just gets netted out into our statements. I mean, yes, it is for capacity, so most of it is in CapEx, but
there's also some operating expenses, and it will get reimbursed there, too.

Operator

And that question comes from Mehdi Hosseini with SIG.

Mehdi Hosseini
Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division

2 follow-ups. Tony, given all the changes going within the company, an increased focus and at -- in
reducing the cost, should I expect your operating margin were to expand from here on even if revenues
were to go flat? Just for the scenario analysis. And I have a follow-up.

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I mean, clearly, what we've done in the second quarter is reduce our operating cost, and that will be
reflected as we get into Q3 and Q4. From our overall standpoint, as we've talked about before, our real
focus areas is to get back to growing our sales and growing our profitability. And when our sales grow, you
expect to see improved profitability, too.

Mehdi Hosseini
Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division

Okay. And then, Wendell, I just want to better understand the dynamics impact in the TV industry, all
right? Can you remind me of what is the mix of 65-inch TV as a percentage of the overall TV demand or
shipment?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Maybe off the top of my head, I'm drawing a blank on that. That's clearly where all the -- a lot of the
growth is going. It was up over -- almost 40% on a year-over-year basis. But when we have our follow up
call, we'll get you the answer to that.

Ann H. S. Nicholson
Vice President of Investor Relations

Great. Thanks, Mehdi, and thanks, everybody, for joining us today. Before we close out, I just want
to let you know that we will attend the Jefferies Semiconductor, IT, Hardware and Communications
Infrastructure Summit on September 2 and Citi's 2020 Global Technology Conference on September 9, and
both will be virtual conferences. So once again, thank you. And Joelle, please disconnect all lines.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

