Corning Incorporated NYSE:GLW
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, April 28, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.19

0.20

Revenue  (mm)

2473.11

2529.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-24-2020 9:22 PM GMT

5.26

2.26

0.23

1.27

1.80

2551.76

10796.32

11649.58

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.45

0.40

0.44

0.19

0.45

0.44

0.46

0.20

0.00 %

10.00 %

4.55 %

5.26 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
CORNING INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Ann H. S. Nicholson
Vice President of Investor
Relations

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

ANALYSTS

Asiya Merchant
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Joseph Lima Cardoso
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Meta A. Marshall
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Roderick B. Hall
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Steven Fox;Fox
Advisors;Founder and CEO

Timothy Patrick Long
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Quarter 1 2020 Earnings Call. It is my pleasure to turn the call over
to Ann Nicholson, Vice President of Investor Relations.

Ann H. S. Nicholson
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Tania, and good morning, everybody. Welcome to our first quarter 2020 earnings call. With me
today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Tony Tripeny, Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Evenson, Executive Vice President, and Chief Strategy Officer.

I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks,
uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are
detailed in the company's financial reports.

You should also note that we will be discussing our consolidated results using core performance measures
unless we specifically indicate our comments are related to GAAP data. Our core performance measures
are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. A reconciliation of core results to
the comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at corning.com.
You may also access core results on our website with downloadable financials in the Interactive Analyst
Center.

Supporting slides are being shown live on our webcast. We encourage you to follow along. They're also
available on our website for downloading.

And now I'll turn the call over to Wendell.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Ann, and good morning, everyone.

This morning, we reported first quarter 2020 results. Sales were $2.5 billion, net income was $177 million
and EPS was $0.20.

We accomplished much of what we set out to do in the quarter despite the evolving health crisis and its
impact on the global economy. That said, the situation is creating uncertainty in our sales. As a result, we
are adjusting our operating plan to reduce cost and capital spending. We are committed to preserving the
financial strength of the company. We have essentially no debt coming due over the next 2 years, and we
expect to maintain a strong cash balance and generate positive free cash flow for the year.

We also plan to maintain our dividend. Because of the heightened uncertainty, we will not be providing
our normal guidance at this time. We are all confronting profound challenges as a result of COVID-19. Our
thoughts are with those directly affected by the pandemic and the many people fighting it on the front
lines. Our company has been facing this human health crisis head-on since day one. The first cases of the
disease to draw attention for medical officials and the media occurred in Wuhan, where Corning is opening
a display plant.

Responding to these early cases in Wuhan in Greater China put us to the test, and we rose to the
challenge. While our core teams and our factories gave their all, they kept our people safe and delivered
on customer commitments. Our experience at the start of the outbreak informed the blueprint deployed
in all our facilities as the virus spread across the globe. All Corning sites maintain comprehensive
preparedness plans and are operating under our best practices playbook.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

From China to South Korea, Italy, India, the U.S., the challenges are unique in these locations, but
our actions have been compassionate, systematic and based on facts and experience. So what does
this response tell you about Corning? Even in periods of uncertainty, we are certain that we'll protect
and support our employees and our communities. We'll deliver for our customers and will preserve our
financial strength to sustain excellent stewardship on behalf of all of our stakeholders. Beginning with
SARS, Corning has designed procedures to keep our employees safe during pandemics.

From the start of the outbreak, we've been ahead of the curve, safeguarding our people and workplaces
according to the very highest standards, and we support our communities. We're launching unity
campaigns in partnership with local business owners, medical professionals, food banks, and other human
services organizations in all of the communities where we operate. Together, we're supplying basic needs,
aiding vulnerable populations, and easing burdens caused by the crisis. From upstate New York to India,
Corning is supporting hunger relief and helping secure essential food supplies for people undergoing
lockdowns and other disruptions.

We donated 150,000 surgical masks to regional hospitals in New York, North Carolina, New Jersey, and
Virginia. We stepped forward with pharmaceutical glass packaging to meet surge capacity, and we've
accelerated the commercialization of Valor to assist in developing vaccines and other treatments. In Italy,
we coordinated the donation of laboratory supplies to mitigate the impact on medical supply networks.

And in China, we supported production of antiviral sprays with our advanced flow reactors. We also
donated Corning Guardiant Antimicrobial Particles, for an antiviral paint, which was specially produced and
deployed for frontline hospital use in the Wuhan area. We are now working with regulatory agencies to
seek approval for other applications and other geographies.

Corning is in this critical human health fight. We're doing our best to make a difference wherever we
are with what we have to contribute. The same resolve applies to our customer commitments. We
maintained our operational excellence throughout the crisis. And we continue to meet or exceed customer
expectations in this difficult operating environment.

To share a recent example, customers in China needed to produce antimicrobial sprays to combat the
spread of the virus. They urgently needed use of our advanced flow reactor product. We knew our
technology in the global supply chain system could make a difference. So our teams executed within days
on a project that normally would take weeks to design, make, ship and deploy production scale systems.

We're rising to the call in similar ways around the world. We're also committed to preserving the financial
strength of the company. To that end, we are adjusting our operating plans to reduce cost and capital
spending, all while meeting our customer commitments. We have essentially no debt due over the next 2
years. We ended the first quarter with $2 billion of cash. We expect to maintain a strong cash balance and
generate positive free cash flow for the year. We plan to maintain our current dividend.

I want to take a moment to talk about our strong balance sheet. In addition to $2 billion of cash, we have
a debt structure that is conservative by design and relatively unique. It is built for times like these. We
deliberately issued debt with 30, 50, and even 60-year maturities so that there is very little debt due in
any given year. And the total maturity is spread out over a very long time.

Today, our average debt maturity is about 25 years, the longest in the S&P 500. Over the next 2 years,
we have under $70 million of debt coming due. Less than half of our total debt is due within the next 20
years.

And during this time, there is no single year with debt repayments over $500 million. Investors often
evaluate credit and financial health based on total debt-to-EBITDA. For the S&P 500, the average company
has a weighted average debt maturity of roughly 10 years. And more than 80% of debt is due within 20
years. Consequently, when investors calculate debt-to-EBITDA, they are implicitly focusing mostly on debt
due in the next 20 years. Corning's 20-year debt-to-EBITDA is 1.1, consistent with an A credit rating and
illustrative of the conservatism of our balance sheet.

In sum, we have a very strong balance sheet, and we have the financial resources needed for the
duration of the economic slowdown. We don't know how deep it will be or how long it will last, but we are

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

financially strong coming into it, and we're going to come out of it even stronger and ready to return to
growth.

Let's turn to our long-term growth drivers, which remain intact. In fact, some of the secular trends could
accelerate as consumer lifestyles continue to adapt to the drastic circumstances being experienced across
the globe.

A world of physical distancing and remote work requires expanded network capacity and sophisticated
communication solutions. Reduced fine particulate pollution appears to be helpful for reducing infection
rates. Drug discovery and safe widespread delivery of vaccines are among society's top priorities. All
these needs fall directly within our mission of improving lives through innovation. And Corning is ideally
positioned to contribute. Many of the lifestyle changes we're adjusting to today will not be temporary. And
our products and technologies across our market access platforms are more important than ever.

Of course, the data continues to come in, and we're busy on all fronts, assessing and collecting
information on what exactly the new normal will be. Looking at Optical Communications, bandwidth
demand is surging.

Let's start with usage reports published over the last 2 months. And one major carrier, WiFi calling has
increased almost 90%. Collaboration tool usage is up almost 90% at another and one cable TV company
reported that voice over IP and video conferencing traffic increased 228% since March 1.

A major social media company said live streams were up 50%, and group video calls were up 70%. A
popular cloud video conference service reported that they spiked from 10 million users in December to
300 million in April. For a long time now, our personal technology has been intrinsic to our day-to-day
experience. We take it wherever we go. With social distancing, that technology has become where we
go. To work, learn, and connect. All this points to the need for continuously scaling network capacity and
making investments in technologies like 5G, fiber to the home, and cloud computing.

And our physical distancing and remote living is being mediated through displays on TVs, laptops, and
mobile consumer electronics. Corning's industry-leading glasses are essential for displays and touch
interfaces.

Turning to our automotive market. Our clean air technologies have captured or neutralized billions of tons
of pollutants over the past 4 decades and helped billions of people breathe easier.

Today's health crisis is heightening the importance of this Corning technology. A study by the Harvard
School of Public Health connects fine particulate air pollution with higher death rates from COVID-19 in the
U.S. The researcher stated that their study results underscore the importance of continuing to enforce air
pollution regulations to protect human health, both during and after the COVID-19 crisis.

Many countries around the world have regulations to address fine particulate emissions from mobile
sources. And Corning's technology is an essential part of this solution. Corning's diesel particulate filters
have been used for many years to remove particles from diesel exhaust. More recently, Corning introduced
gasoline particulate filters, GPFs, to cut down on particulates from gasoline exhaust while enabling the
most efficient use of fuel and horsepower.

As the Harvard study reinforces, a body of research ties dirty air to illness, including the most severe
COVID-19 outcomes, and makes our solutions more relevant than ever. There are also multiple ways
we've mobilized our innovation capabilities to combat the pandemic more directly.

Consider our Valor glass. There is a worldwide shortage of pharmaceutical glass packaging and vaccine
fill/finish capacity is limited. We need successful COVID vaccines, and we need next-generation
pharmaceutical packaging and processes to produce and protect them. We believe Corning Valor glass is
the answer. In addition to offering a safer package, we believe that the faster filling line speeds enabled by
our Valor technology are particularly critical for a pandemic response when every hour counts, and every
extra dose delivered makes a difference. Valor Glass vials are being used for COVID-19 vaccine clinical
trials right now.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

We're also supporting several other leading companies developing treatments for the disease. Our
support includes Valor, other Corning Life Science products, and technical support to accelerate solutions
and ensure availability across the globe. We're supplying our traditional lab products for both RNA and
antibody testing to combat the spread of the coronavirus. And we're exploring, applying our technology in
other ways. For example, using our advanced flow reactors to scale production of small molecule antivirals
to treat the virus.

GPF substrates for fixed systems that remove fine particles from outdoor air to reduce disease
transmission and Guardiant to create smart surfaces that kill coronavirus before it infects people.

Overall, we're confident we can make significant contributions as the world addresses and recovers from
these challenges.

And as we've recently announced, we're taking the next organizational steps to tap the full power of our
potential. We're centering operations around our market access platforms, positioning Corning to become
even more relevant in our markets.

We're working to capture more customer insights. Further, leverage our distribution channels and open
up new opportunities for innovation with industry leaders who already trust us deeply and appreciate
our unique set of capabilities. The new organization comes with a new generation of leaders, moving us
steadily forward as we pursue our next 169 years of life-changing innovation.

We've also established a new leadership position that will drive operational excellence and appointed Eric
Musser, President, and Chief Operating Officer. Eric is a Corning veteran with a strong track record for
leadership and execution. He will enhance process consistency and ensure we hit our targets across the
company.

Before turning it over to Tony, I'll close with a final thought. Corning is no stranger to difficult times.
Across 3 centuries, we've tackled some of our customers' toughest problems by creating some of the most
consequential material inventions in history. We've navigated through World Wars, natural disasters and
economic catastrophes.

Our job, as always, is to rise to the challenge of today and lead. We're keeping our company strong. We're
innovating on some of the most pressing problems of the moment, and we're built to last, regardless of
the duration of the current crisis. Our people are dedicated, our resolve is total, our capabilities are more
relevant than ever.

Now let me turn the call over to Tony for more details.

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Wendell, and good morning. As Wendell said, our results for the first quarter were solid given
the significant changes in market conditions in most of the industries we served. Because we are in a
period of uncertainty, our sales are hard to predict. Therefore, we are withdrawing our full year 2020
guidance. My remarks today will give you a sense of what we're seeing in each of our businesses and a
summary of the actions we're taking to address the situation.

Now before I get into the details of our performance and results, I want to note that the largest difference
between our GAAP and core results is associated with noncash charges related to capacity realignment
and cash severance payments. Other differences between our GAAP and core results come from a noncash
mark-to-market adjustment for our currency hedge contracts.

With respect to mark-to-market adjustments, GAAP accounting requires earning translation hedge
contracts and foreign debt settling in future periods to be mark-to-market and recorded at current value at
the end of each quarter even though those contracts will not be settled in the current quarter. For us, this
resulted in a $50 million GAAP earnings gain in the quarter. To be clear, this mark-to-market accounting
has no impact on our cash flow.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Our currency hedges protect us economically from foreign exchange rate fluctuations and provide higher
certainty for our earnings and cash flows, our ability to invest for growth, and our future shareholder
distributions. Our non-GAAP or core results provide additional transparency into operations by using a
constant currency rate aligned with the economics of our underlying transactions. We're very pleased with
our hedging program and the economic certainty it provides. We've received $1.7 billion in cash under our
hedge contracts since their inception more than 5 years ago.

Shifting to results. First quarter sales were $2.5 billion, net income was $177 million, and EPS was $0.20.
In Display Technologies, first quarter sales were $751 million, and net income was $152 million. Display
glass market first quarter volume grew by a low single-digit percentage sequentially, and Corning's volume
was down a low single-digit percentage, both as expected. Sequential price declines were moderate, also
as expected. Stay-at-home policies in multiple economies starting in China impacted end market demand
for televisions in Q1. As a result, preliminary Q1 worldwide TV sell-through units are reported to be down
low single digits year-over-year. Now for Q2, early data indicate TV sell-through units could decline more
than in Q1. Weak TV demand will likely be partially offset by pockets of strength for some IT products.
Now based on our experience in prior economic events, we expect TV demand to recover to its longer-
term growth trajectory as the economy recovers. In addition, we expect increasing screen size to drive
continued growth in glass demand. How the full year plays out for glass demand and retail will depend on
the duration of stay-at-home policies and the health of global economies throughout the year.

Now China is the first major economy to experience the shutdown and reopen cycle, and we'll be watching
its TV retail demand recovery closely in the upcoming months. Although demand declined year-over-
year in the first quarter, it is encouraging to note that China TV sell-through in March increased by over
50% versus February. We are adjusting our production levels to a lower level of demand. As you may
have seen reported in the news recently, Samsung display is accelerating their exit plans for LCD panel
manufacturing. While this is happening faster than we originally expected, the fundamental shift from
Korea to China is not a surprise to us. We have been working closely with Samsung as we move through
this transition, and we are well prepared. As panel makers shift from Korea, our 3 Chinese Gen 10.5 plants
position us well.

Ultimately, end market demand drives glass demand.

And with retail area growth primarily driven by large TVs, which are most efficiently manufactured on
Gen 10.5 fabs, we will capture the majority of that growth. We expect temporary impact on our volume
relative to the market, driven by specific timing of Samsung displays exit, first is the ramp of our Gen 10.5
plants. Our Korea operation is a low-cost manufacturing organization that we will use to serve our global
customer base.

Finally, we continue to expect display pricing to decline by a mid- single-digit percentage in 2020. We
believe that 3 factors continue to drive the favorable glass pricing environment we've been experiencing.
First, we expect glass supply to continue to be balanced to demand. For Corning, we are aligning our
capacity with demand. We are also pacing our Gen 10.5 capital projects to align with panel makers'
schedules.

Second, our competitors continue to face profitability challenges at current pricing levels. And third,
display glass manufacturing requires periodic investments in existing capacity to maintain operations.
Glass prices must support the acceptable returns on those investments.

In Optical Communications, first quarter sales were $791 million. As Wendell said, long-term growth
drivers are intact. We are seeing positive statement from telecom operators regarding network
constraints, increased demand for bandwidth and continued investment in 5G and data centers. But
we are also seeing negative impact as carriers and enterprise customers face site access, health and
safety concerns, supply chain interruptions and cash constraints. The business continues to adjust its cost
structure and align capacity to match near-term sales.

Environmental Technologies first quarter sales were $320 million, and net income was $35 million. Sales
were down 12% year-over-year and below our expectations of up mid-single digits as car and truck
manufacturers implemented shutdowns in key markets. Profitability was impacted by the lower volume.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

We believe the economic impact on the auto industry will be significant, especially over the next 2 to 3
quarters. Auto assembly plants are beginning to resume operations with China starting to run, Europe
beginning to open back up and North America expected to reopen soon.

How the recovery will play out for our business will ultimately depend on global car sales. In diesel, we
anticipated a cyclical decline in North America heavy-duty truck market from its peak in 2018 and 2019.
We now anticipate that decline will be even faster and steeper, global demand was down 25% in Q1. Now
despite the impact we are experiencing, we expect our full year sales to be less significantly impacted than
the overall market, and we remain confident in our content-driven growth strategies. OEMs continue to
adopt gasoline particulate filters in Europe and China and emerging market heavy-duty regulations are
driving adoption of more advanced products. As markets recover and improve, we expect to resume our
growth trajectory.

Specialty material sales were $352 million, up 14% year-over-year versus our expectations of a mid-
single-digit increase. Net income of $51 million was also up year-over-year. We exceeded expectations due
to strong sales of premium glasses, other Gorilla Glass innovations and advanced optics products.

We expect the global economic slowdown to reduce smartphone sales. In the first quarter, units were
down 19% as store closures and stay-at-home restrictions, particularly in China, impacted phone sales.
Social distancing policies are now underway in many countries so we expect these lower end market
demand levels to continue in the second quarter. As countries begin to move emerge from lockdowns,
we expect to see increasing end market demand. Looking ahead, we expect our outperformance relative
to the 2020 mobile consumer electronic market to come from further advancements and adoption of our
premium glasses and our other innovations.

In Life Sciences, first quarter sales were up 6% year-over-year to $258 million. Net income was $38
million. Life Sciences is being impacted by the prolonged closure of nonessential laboratories. However,
this is somewhat offset by increased demand for consumables used in COVID-19 testing applications. As
Wendell said, we are confident in the opportunities ahead for Life Sciences and Valor, especially as we
prepare for upcoming vaccine demand. So that is what we are seeing in each of our businesses.

Clearly, the world and our outlooks have changed significantly. Anticipating lower sales, we are
aggressively adjusting our operating plan and taking actions that will maintain our financial strength and
result in positive free cash flow for the full year. We initiated actions in Q1, and we will continue in Q2.
These actions fall into several broad categories, reducing production levels across all of our businesses,
adjusting operating expenses with the majority of the savings realized in the second half, modifying
inventory plans, and reducing capital expenditures.

Our actions impacted gross margins in Q1, and we expect additional impact in Q2. Gross margin in
the first quarter was 33.4% and below our expectations, driven by lower-than-expected volume in
environmental and the impact of lowering production across several businesses. Most of our businesses
have high fixed cost. In fact, more than half of our manufacturing costs are fixed, and a significant portion
of that is noncash depreciation. This results in very high operating leverage.

However, in times when volumes are dropping, our fixed costs do not change and the impact on our
margins is significant. The impact is more dramatic when we are lowering inventory. In Q2, we will be
further ramping down production and bringing down inventory. Therefore, we expect the Q2 gross margin
percentage to be lower than Q1. So our factory utilizations are low today. On the other hand, the capital is
in place when sales growth returns. When this happens, gross margins will expand.

Let's move to the balance sheet and our commitment to strong financial stewardship. We have under $70
million in debt due over the next 2 years, and no year with more than $500 million due over the next 20
years. Our 20-year debt-to-EBIT ratio is 1.1x, and that's outstanding. We expect to maintain a strong cash
position and to maintain our dividend. As I previously mentioned, we expect to generate positive free cash
flow for the year. We have paused share buybacks and do not expect to add material debt in 2020. To
wrap up, we expect that continued economic uncertainty and related end market weakness will affect most
of our businesses.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

The current situation poses many unknowns for people, for families, for companies, and for governments.
What we know at Corning is that our underlying market drivers are intact and that we fully expect to
return -- to resume growth. And when the expected growth resumes, most of the capital is already in
place. We're operating on the strong financial foundation we built under the strategy and capital allocation
framework. And we're adjusting our operating plan and taking actions to position ourselves to come out of
this slowdown even stronger.

We certainly look forward to the end of this health crisis and the related hardships being experienced by
so many people around the world. Until then, our priorities focus on Corning's stakeholders as we maintain
disciplined stewardship that will steer us back to growing sales and profitability.

With that, let's move to Q&A. Ann?

Ann H. S. Nicholson
Vice President of Investor Relations
Thank you, Tony. Okay, Tania, we are ready to take questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

Our first question comes from the line of Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs.

Roderick B. Hall
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

And allow me to just say our thoughts are with you guys. We know it's difficult to run a business in an
environment like this. So let me start off, I guess, with one for Wendell, and then I'll jump on to one
for Tony or Wendell, whoever wants to answer it. Wendell, there's an increased amount of discussion of
onshoring. And I know there's been some movement toward potentially producing displays in the U.S. I
just wonder if you could talk a little bit about your thoughts on where that debate is right now. And how
Corning's costs look in an onshoring environment? Would you need additional capital? I guess you might
look to the government for that, et cetera? Just whatever color you can give in terms of your thinking
there?

And then my second question relates to inventory and what you guys think is going on with both Display
and smartphone component inventory? Our people -- we've heard that there's some inventory build out in
the channel. Maybe if people worry that production would be affected on through the year by this and so
on. So just curious what's going on with inventory levels out there?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Okay. Well, first, Rob, thank you for your thoughts. With regards to onshoring, sort of I think the priority
set with policymakers is going to start with Life Science products. What we're trying to address is that
a huge number of the active pharmaceutical ingredients that we use to preserve human health are
manufactured overseas, often starting in China and India. So one of their top priorities is that as we seek
to confront this particular health crisis that we build that infrastructure in the U.S.

That is what you heard me talk about in my opening, and it's where Valor begins to play a very large role.
More to come on that topic. Next in order would be the other critical parts of infrastructure. Of course, you
have defense, which often -- which already has significant on-shoring implications to it as does aerospace.
But telecom is now increasingly becoming an issue. We already are built because of our value set to
support all of our different customers regionally. I think Display and consumer electronics will tend to fall
relatively low on our societies around the world's priority list for critical infrastructure. The governments
want to control in their country or in their particular trading block. So that's my current point of view on
it. Of course, it's political. So that is always subject to change as opposed to necessarily logic. Does that
make sense, Rod?

Roderick B. Hall
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Yes, it's great, Wendell.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

On the inventory question, whenever you have situations where different elements of the supply chain can
be shut down at different times. It makes calculation of value chain inventory quite challenging. So what
we do instead is we're looking directly to the end market, Rod. And then we're trying to use that to guide
our internal operational thoughts around what we expect revenue will be a total for the year and then so
to just work out the math that's in between. I'll be interested when you publish on your own thoughts
around smartphone demand, you've been relatively accurate in the past.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Roderick B. Hall
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Great. Okay. And do you think, Wendell, there's anything to this idea that maybe people have built up
more inventory in the channel, just thinking that they can't count on supply necessarily or do you think
that's probably not such a big issue?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Well, for sure, they're doing the behavior that you're noticing. You see it in our numbers, Rod, you see the
very strong revenue growth in our Gorilla business, right? And throughout this time period, we've been
having very strong requests from our customers. But what you would have heard from us is that we'd
say we wouldn't take a look directly in our revenues as being the most accurate view of what's going to
happen in the end market. So I think without doubt that's happening. How big a deal it is totally depends
on what happened as people emerge from shelter-in-place. For that, what we're looking to is what's
happening in China, because they are now earliest to sort of return. There's other countries like that
throughout Asia, where we're going to look at what's happening in those markets and use that to inform
what it is we think will happen as other regions open up. So without doubt, you're noticing something that
is a true thing. How much of a problem is really the key thing to solve is what happens to demand, sir.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Tim Long with Barclays.

Timothy Patrick Long
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Just wanted to dig the Display business a little bit. You mentioned the move from Korea to China and some
potential disruptions as that happens in the say Gen 10.5 plants ramp. Could you talk a little bit about
kind of the magnitude and the time frame for that period of…?

Maybe second related to that. Once we're kind of much more China based in this part of the market, what
do you think the kind of the pricing or margin implications of this move will be and market share longer
term as the supply chain moves more into the China business?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Well, I'll take the start of it, and then Tony can add. So with the shift from the Korean Peninsula to China,
as you heard from Tony, this was something we were anticipating. It's just happening faster than what we
originally anticipated. So what the interaction with our revenues will be is how fast the Korean Peninsula
turns down versus how rapidly the Gen 10.5 plants come up and in what order. Our current point of view
is that it will play itself out, so that we'll feel the pain this year as Korea will tune down a little faster given
COVID-19 than our Gen 10.5 plants will come up. But then we'll have a strong gain next year. In total,
what will drive this thing is what happens to television demand, of course, right? But given that that plays
out, how we would expect, I think that will be the pattern of how it will play out in our numbers, a little bit
of pain this year and a strong gain next year.

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And the only thing I would add to that is that, essentially, you saw some of that happen in Q1, where
the market sequentially grew a little bit, and we were down a little bit, and that's really the explanation
there. Not a surprise it says we guided, but it's a good example of what Wendell is -- it's a good example
of seeing what's playing out what Wendell just described.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Did that address your question, Tim? Or did you have an additional one?

Timothy Patrick Long
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Yes. Yes, that's -- just maybe if you can just -- and kind of the overall ASP dynamic will be once we're
more China-based than Korea-based?

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

I think from an ASP standpoint, I mean, we are very confident in our strategy that we have talked about
in the past in terms of our price declines being moderate. I mean this is already a global pricing market.
And we -- for the [ 3 ] reasons that I mentioned in that earlier, we still feel confident, and we don't think
there's really a change relative to this shift.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

And if you're asking a more subtle question about generational mix pricing, I think that's a very astute
question, and we like Gen 10.5. But I wouldn't let it overwhelm my analysis at this point. What I would
really focus on is what's going to happen with television demand in this economic and health cycle. If we
get that right, then I think the business is going to continue to age gracefully, and we'll continue to like it
from a profitability and cash generation standpoint.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Wendell, when you did the SCP transaction back in 2013, there was a long-term supply agreement that
was struck between Corning and Samsung. What is the impact of the long-term supply agreement that
you have with Samsung as Samsung winds down its LCD operations? And Tony, maybe any update on
Samsung's intent on handling the convertible stock?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Why don't you start, and then I'll do the next on the convert? Or do you want me to do both?

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

Go ahead.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

So we have no new information on the convert. In my previous discussions with the people who run
Samsung right from the very beginning, what they believed in was is they have a deep understanding of
our technology road map, and they believe that in that road map, and they want to be a long-term holder.
We have had nothing that would change that. It didn't drive their investment and it originally was Display
technology. It was the totality of the technology portfolio and what they thought even was coming next to
Displays.

Now to the purchase. First, on the long-term supply agreement, of course, it changes the -- who do we
sell our glass to as if they shut down their LCD plants in -- LCD panel making plants in Korea. And you'll
see some of that in our financials. I think we had a write-off of about $100 million something.

R. Tony Tripeny

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Executive VP & CFO

Yes. That's right. If you look at our reconciliation from GAAP to core, there was about $105 million, and
that was asset that was set up when we first did the transaction that was being amortized over the length
of the contract and so that was written off in the quarter.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

If we take a look at the deal overall, sort of depending on how you would address what the original
purchase price was and some of the original balance sheet moves, basically, our acquisition of SCP into the
entity nominal Corning precision materials has already paid itself back 2 or 3 times. So we feel really good
about that transaction. I think where we're now -- I think the key thing to focus on on what Samsung is
doing is because we've seen some reports that people don't totally understand what Samsung's plans are
in the Display area. So perhaps I can take a moment and discuss those.

Basically, what they're exiting is just the manufacturing of LCD panels, right? They remain very dedicated
to LCD TV. The problem they faced was simple and it was accentuated by COVID-19 and the challenges
that provides to the economy, which is they have a lack of competitive cost position versus the Chinese
Gen 10.5 plants, built with Chinese subsidized capital. So basically, it became -- it's cheaper for them to
source those panels rather than make them in Korea. It's not much more complicated than that. Instead,
what they're going to turn their Korean resources towards is next-generation television and Display
Technologies. You saw some of those recently be introduced at last consumer electronics, a 0 bezel LCD
TV that actually uses 3 pieces of glass; a quantum OLED TV, which combines Quantum Dot and OLED
technology, which is a 2 piece of glass technology; micro-LED technology, once again, with some of our
advanced glass technologies will be used and continued emphasis on the polyimide OLED built on our
glass substrates. So our deep relationship with Samsung on Display technology continues, in some ways,
accelerates, and we just have to follow their panel sourcing as it works its way around the globe. Was that
helpful, sir?

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Yes, it is, Wendell. And just to follow up on Tony's comment on the $105 million in the quarter, do you
view that as a onetime? Or is there going to be additional impact in the subsequent quarters on that
particular element?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

No, that's just one time.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Fox Advisors.

Steven Fox;Fox Advisors;Founder and CEO

I had 2 questions. First of all, Wendell, you've mentioned a couple of times antimicrobial coatings that
are now being used. It sounds like more so, given some of the health crisis issues. Can you just give us a
little more of a tutorial on the opportunities for that to be used as a surface coating in hospitals and other
places? I think you've talked about that in the past. And then you mentioned sprays as well, and I'm not
quite sure I understood that part. And then I had a quick follow-up.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Okay. What we call our Guardiant and technology, which I think is what you're talking about, Steve, is
we developed a number of years ago because we saw folks going in the hospitals and basically getting
sicker than what they came in with because of infections arising viruses, bacterias and spores. So what

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Guardiant is, is our answer to that. It is a copper-based solution where we capture a particular ion-like
state of copper in a glass ceramic, that we then turn into very small particles that can be used in paints,
coatings, potentially fabrics and plastics. So what we're seeking to do with that is do 2 things at once:
one, provide good antimicrobial and antiviral surfaces. But also because of the particular way in which
this ionic form of copper kills prevents the development of any form of superbugs. Now as you would
imagine, the introduction of such a technology needs to go through a number of regulatory barriers. We
are approved for use under the EPAs and antifungal right now, right? But we're going to have to work our
way through various regulatory agencies to be able to effectively make the claim that we can kill these
coronaviruses. We're quite confident we can.

Now for countries who felt a very pressing health need like China in the Wuhan area, they left on the
opportunity for us to be able to provide this to help in those new hospitals that they build. And we're just
going to work our way through all the various regulatory agencies accordingly. Also in China, they had a
sudden need for sprays -- antiviral sprays, right? Now things that they use in these sprays, they want to
be able -- there tend to be chemical production. We have a particularly modular, small, super safe way to
produce those type products called Advanced Flow Reactors that we manufacture in China. And so that
was the example that we talked about there.

In general, as we look at what are the pressing needs for us all as a society to get a handle on this and
potentially future pandemics, vaccinations are important, therefore, pharmaceutical packaging. We believe
smart services make a lot of sense, and we're continuing to use our core technology to solve that problem.
And then as well, there'll be all sorts of treatments and/or protective spraying. If that happens, that can
use some of our production capabilities that we have built for Life Sciences and also for small molecule
chemistry, sir.

Steven Fox;Fox Advisors;Founder and CEO

That's really helpful. And then just as a quick follow-up, Tony. You guys are withdrawing guidance, which
obviously makes sense here. But you sounded confident about generating positive free cash flows for the
year. Can you just sort of give us some sense for how we get to positive free cash flows given Q1 cash
flows are negative?

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. I mean, we're really focused on 4 areas of improvement, both in terms of -- from a cost standpoint
and from a lowering capital spending standpoint. And that includes our cost at our manufacturing
operations, but it also includes our operating expenses. And then in addition to that, we're relooking at our
working capital, in particular, our inventory plans, and we're planning to also reduce that. So when you
add those 4 things together, that gives me pretty good confidence that we will be able to generate positive
free cash flow for the year.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Asiya Merchant with Citigroup.

Asiya Merchant
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Just a quick question. The near-term spending by carriers and enterprises is obviously cloudy. But as we
come out of the pandemic, do you see any structural changes and demand for 5G spend from the carriers
relative to where it was pre the pandemic, where a lot of carriers seem to be burdened with debt and
certain capital allocation plans, et cetera. So as we come out of that, are there any structural changes in
demand that you're seeing for 5G spend from the carriers? And then I just have another quick follow-up
on free cash flow for Tony.

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

So Asiya, the way I would -- a, it's early, okay? And you're seeing a number of things come up in the
data, but it's too early to make any sort of conclusive statements. That being said, in general, what we're
seeing, and then I'll get specific on 5G. In general, what we're seeing is the way telecommunications
companies work is because it's capital good, they build ahead of perceived demand. Depending on the
company, they use different algorithms for how they figure it out. But in general, they try to be about
18 months ahead of where they think demand will be. And that's the reason that the telecom network
has held up pretty well, as we face this surge in traffic is, they basically went through that excess that
they carry to prepare for the next 18 months. So in general, what we're hearing from our customers is
assuming the human health crisis comes under management, that they believe they will continue to invest
pretty strongly in infrastructure. So that they can make sure that they reestablish that safety net. The real
question is what's baseline? Are we on a new baseline? If we're on a new baseline, then everybody's plans
aren't aggressive enough. So that it's more than just the catch-up of the period you went through. It's too
early to tell that.

On 5G, that will just be part of the overall mosaic of network solutions that gets played. If someone's
primarily technological thrust was 5G, witness the major carriers that you could name, they will press
on the accelerator for that. Now I think one of the most interesting things that I have seen in terms of
innovation because we're working super closely with them during this time is their ability to do even things
like fiber-to-the-home installations without going inside people's homes. It's been a tremendous amount
of innovation around being able to do that. And I've been quite impressed with their installation teams and
what they've done. So I'm looking at this overall is reinforcing to us all how important telecommunications
infrastructure is. But I don't know and I don't think it will trump various financial constraints that some
carriers feel. But without doubt, it's made people believe that they need to have infrastructure.

Asiya Merchant
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Great. And then, Tony, on the cash flow, I think you mentioned, obviously, positive free cash flow. And if
I heard you correct, no new or no material trajectory to support your dividends. I just wanted to clarify
that given your dividend and sort of positive free cash flow generation expectations for the year, that we
wouldn't be raising any debt to support these dividends for the remainder of the year?

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, that's correct. I mean, I'm always interested in opportunities to take advantage of different markets
that we participate in, like in China. And as you -- when you see the cash flow statement, you'll see we
raised a little bit of debt in China, which is great because it's a natural hedge for all of our businesses in
China. And if I could raise more money in Japan, I would at least take a look at that. But we don't really --
that -- we're not counting on that on a going-forward basis in the projections that I gave.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley.

Meta A. Marshall
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

On optical, you noted the installation challenges with the telco customers, but just what have you seen
from kind of your cloud or hyperscale customers as far as order continuity? And was there any upside
there?

And then maybe second question, just I would expect most of your facilities are being the central
businesses, but just given adaptations to production, are there any areas of the business where you're
concerned about production continuity or supply constraints?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Meta, so on cloud, they're in a little bit different situation in some ways similar and some ways different
than the telecom carriers. And different ones are playing different ways. Like telecom carriers, they try
to be able to hold enough capacity to handle peak demands. So -- and there's been an enormous surge
of cloud usage here, and that is being absorbed up. At the same time, those are enclosed facilities. And
some of the cloud carriers have decided to basically go on lockdown and not allow new materials to come
in or installation crews to come in. So that has provided some downward momentum, just like it's done in
some of the carriers given installation pieces. I think in general, we would anticipate as around the globe,
and we're seeing it, as those rules relax as the human health crisis feels like it's under more management,
then we'll see some of that return to normal order patterns.

I think in telecom, the area where it is most difficult to figure out how it will play out will be the impact
on small and medium businesses and their particular LAN networks and what demand they need for that.
I think all that's ahead of us. But for base cloud and telecom, they're seeing a reinforcement of their
business model, and everyone that I talked to, at least, continues to believe their need for long-term
investment.

So far, we've been able to maintain our business continuity at an outstanding level and have managed
to do that and delight our customers. It will continue to be something that would -- that garners a lot of
our attention because as they do things like restart automotive plants, we're experiencing worlds where
situations that there's not a lot of experience in. I mean restarting economies and whole plants and
knowing what the safe return to work, this is going to continue to challenge supply chains. So so far, so
good. But historical performance does not necessarily guarantee future performance here.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.

Joseph Lima Cardoso
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

This is Joe Cardoso on for Samik Chatterjee. Just one question from me. As for your operating plans, you
highlighted reducing capital expenditures. Could you remind me of your maintenance CapEx level and
whether you guys think this type of macro backdrop calls for pointing to operate close to those levels?

R. Tony Tripeny
Executive VP & CFO

Well, from a maintenance CapEx standpoint, somewhere in the $800 million to $1 billion range. I think
as we look at our capital for the rest of the year, I mean Q1, we were finishing up a number of projects,
and that's why the capital was at the level it was. It will be a little bit less -- somewhat less in Q2 and then
in the back half of the year will be less than that. So we're seeing the trajectory from a capital spending
standpoint to go down as we go through the year. And it is one of the 4 things that we're focused on in
terms of making sure that we have positive operating cash flow this year.

Joseph Lima Cardoso
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And if I could, just one follow-up. Relative to Samsung exiting the LCD manufacturing business or panel
business, do you guys have any indication relative to the cadence of the DRAM by Samsung as we go
through the year?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Yes, we do, but it wouldn't be appropriate for me to share that.

Ann H. S. Nicholson
Vice President of Investor Relations

I think we have time for one -- yes, go ahead. I think this is the last one.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Operator

Okay. Great. And last question comes from the line of Shannon Cross with Cross Research.

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Wendell, I wanted to ask about the organizational changes you made. Maybe if you could talk a bit more
about what drove that, any changes that are being made in decision making or customer relationships?
Just -- can you provide a little bit more color on those shifts?

Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Shannon. 3 things drove it. First, our portfolio work has been successful, serving our customer
base with products and inventions from many of our different divisions. And it has been successful enough
now to rather than just count on sort of the soft systems we've used, to do something like auto, where we
did our environmental products. Now we're seeing adoption of our different glass products and potentially
some of our advanced sensor products and some of our advanced display products. We had used that
primarily in our soft systems to be -- those customers know us well and to be able to bring together our
capabilities. It's been successful enough now that instead, we're going to start to put in hard systems and
name market access platform leaders, which we've done, to be able to run that customer interface and our
strategies to serve those platforms going forward.

The second thing we sought to do was improve our operational excellence across an increasingly
complicated, a global set of operations, and that's why we have named Eric as our COO.

The third and final reason is we have a very talented next generation of leaders that we're able to put in
more senior spots and get more experience, show their great leadership skills as they will be the ones that
will carry us into the next 169 years.

Ann H. S. Nicholson
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Wendell, and thank you all for joining us today. Before we close, I just wanted to let you know
that we're going to attend the JPMorgan Global Technology, Media and Communications Conference on
May 13 and Bank of America Global Technology Conference on June 2, both will be virtual conferences. So
once again, thank you all for joining us. Operator, that concludes our call.

Please disconnect all lines.

Operator
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

CORNING INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

