Global Payments Inc. NYSE:GPN
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Monday, August 03, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.21

1.31

Revenue  (mm)

1475.00

1520.90

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-03-2020 12:48 PM GMT

8.26

3.11

1.61

6.40

7.84

1653.72

6690.14

7487.76

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.66

1.60

1.53

1.21

1.70

1.62

1.58

1.31

2.41 %

1.25 %

3.27 %

8.26 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

Winnie Smith
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Darrin David Peller
Wolfe Research, LLC

David Mark Togut
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Georgios Mihalos
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

John Kimbrough Davis
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Global Payments Second Quarter 2020
Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's conference will be recorded.

At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Senior Vice President, Investor
Relations, Winnie Smith. Please go ahead.

Winnie Smith
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, and welcome to Global Payments Second Quarter 2020 Conference Call.

Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during today's
conference call contain forward-looking statements about expected operating and financial results. These
statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the impact of COVID-19 and
economic conditions on our future operations that could cause actual results to differ materially from our
expectations. Certain risk factors inherent in our business are set forth in filings with the SEC, including
our most recent 10-K and subsequent filings. We caution you not to place undue reliance on some these
statements. Forward-looking statements during this call speak only as of the date of this call, and we
undertake no obligation to update them.

Some of the comments made refer to non-GAAP financial measures, such as adjusted net revenue,
adjusted operating margin and adjusted earnings per share, which we believe are more reflective of our
ongoing performance. For a full reconciliation of these and other non-GAAP financial measures to the most
comparable GAAP measures in accordance with SEC regulations, please see our press release furnished
as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed this morning and our trended financial highlights, both of which are
available in the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com. The press release
and investor presentation on our collaboration with Amazon Web Services announced today are also
available on our website.

Joining me on the call are Jeff Sloan, CEO; Cameron Bready, President and COO; and Paul Todd, Senior
Executive Vice President and CFO.

Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff.

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Thanks, Winnie. We are pleased with the solid performance we delivered in the second quarter of
2020 despite the pandemic, driven by consistent execution and the outstanding dedication of our team
members. We are grateful to all of our nearly 24,000 people worldwide for their exceptional service to our
customers during this challenging time. I think the best way to describe the second quarter is that it would
have been difficult to imagine in early April that our businesses would perform as well as they did through
June.

As the markets we serve around the world have reopened, we are encouraged by the improving trends
we have realized. Our customer base overall remains healthy, and our businesses generated sequential
improvement in May over April and in June over May. And several of our businesses delivered absolute
growth year-over-year in June with a number achieving record new sales performance.

Our business is as strong today as it has ever been, and our mix enabled us to perform better than many
of our peers as we had expected. We benefited by entering the crisis in extraordinary condition, and the
timing and quantum of our actions taken early on enabled us to hold operating margins roughly flat to last
year this quarter. We also generated strong free cash flow in each month, including April, highlighting the
durability and resiliency of our business model.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

We continue to make substantial progress on our technology-enabled, software-driven strategy this
quarter, further validating our pure-play payments model and widening our competitive moat. We are
delighted today to announce a new multiyear go-to-market collaboration with Amazon Web Services, or
AWS, to provide an industry-leading, cloud-based issuer processing platform for customers regardless of
size, location or processing preference. With AWS as our preferred cloud provider for issuer services, we
will deliver innovative payment solutions at scale globally in a secure cloud-based environment, enabling
best-in-class experiences for our issuer clients and their cardholders.

Together, we will leapfrog traditional analog means of distribution and redefine how issuer products and
services are sold and consumed in the digital age. Together, we are bringing technologies that generally
have been available only to nimble start-ups to traditional institutions at scale, leveling the playing field for
innovation with immense benefits to consumers globally. Our unparalleled legacy of reliability, performance
and experience, combined with AWS's cloud leadership, will future-proof our businesses to meet the
increasing demands of a connected, frictionless digital world.

Our transformative alliance will also substantially expand our pool of revenue opportunities. First, our
collaboration broadens our geographic reach as AWS's worldwide footprint reaches nearly every corner of
the globe. No longer will we be limited to geographies where we have a TSYS physical data center location
for issuer services. Delivering our capabilities via Software-as-a-Service, or SaaS, means that we can
build, test and scale in more markets more quickly than before.

Second, we will meaningfully expand our prospective customer base to include financial institutions of all
sizes, new market entrants and retailers. Historically, TSYS's issuer business was bifurcated into a large
bank business in North America and Western Europe, primarily served through TS2 and an on-premise
license business served through PRIME everywhere else. Truth be told, our distribution resources were not
proactively targeting small to midsized banks in the United States, new financial technology entrants and
embedded payment service providers, and we have needed a fully end-to-end, cloud-native solution set to
be successful in many of those markets.

Now we have a unique opportunity with one of the largest technology companies to disrupt those markets
on a differentiated basis. Beyond cloud availability zones that span the world, AWS is a global feet on the
street sales presence from Amsterdam to Zurich. AWS will work uniquely and closely with our sales team
from lead generation and project scoping all the way through the commercialization and implementation
of Issuer Solutions. In sum, we believe that our target addressable market for Issuer Solutions will more
than triple, providing ample additional opportunities to grow and build on our track record of capturing
market share.

Third, we will unbundle our services through the use of open APIs and deconstructive micro services,
which will allow us to sell elements of our issuer SaaS solutions via a new business model on an a-la-
carte basis. In addition to dramatically expanding our target addressable market for institutions of all
sizes, we will eliminate the need for time-consuming physical conversions and enable customers to quickly
and efficiently implement the functionality and services they need and want while minimizing risk. Our
collaboration will touch and support every element of the card life cycle from origination, provisioning, risk
management and servicing to billing and ongoing delivery. We will provide end-to-end digital solutions to
delight our clients and their cardholders, delivering platforms that run entire issuing businesses at scale.

Fourth, the new platform's cloud-based architecture allows us to capitalize on modern open banking
initiatives, giving clients the ability to customize the services they need with greater speed to market and
product flexibility. Resources can be scaled up and down in the cloud so customers can use just what they
need. This means making enhancements will be even more efficient and clients can get to market sooner.
We can build, test, deploy and scale specific capabilities quickly to continuously innovate and deliver
tailored, frictionless and fully digital experiences pretty much anywhere in the world. And cloud computing
means near real-time redundancy with databases that are replicated across multiple availability zones
without interruption. Importantly, this infrastructure is software-driven, encrypted and auditable.

Institutions globally are not going to move backwards to legacy mainframe-based systems. The
digitization of financial services will accelerate, catalyzed by the pandemic. Issuers will increasingly move
toward newer cloud-native technologies over time that leverage the talent base prevalent in today's

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

market, increasing resilience and compliance in light of the regulatory requirements in the marketplace
now and in the future. And for customers' cardholders, a cloud-based issuing environment will provide
the user experience consumers now demand. That means reliable connected services across any channel
available when, where and how consumers choose. It means increased cardholder engagement, support
for emerging payment options and cloud-enabled resiliency to meet always-on expectations.

Fifth and finally, we have a lengthy track record of forging industry-leading partnerships and cross-selling
across all aspects of our business. Together with Amazon, we will look to capitalize on opportunities for
collaboration across all of our businesses, and we expect to generate substantial revenue over time. We
expect areas for exploration to include our unified commerce platform and transaction optimization across
our merchant businesses and digital consumer experiences with Netspend.

We also continue to make progress against our strategic objectives by [ bringing ] in July to expand and
extend our relationship with our partners at CaixaBank, one of the largest banks in Europe and Spain's
leading financial group. We have committed to meaningfully increase our ownership in our joint venture,
Comercia Global Payments, from 51% to 80%. CaixaBank has also agreed to extend our partnership until
at least 2040, 10 years beyond the existing maturity date.

Our ability to invest further in our worldwide businesses during the pandemic highlights the underlying
financial strength of our company and provides another proof point of the ongoing success of our
differentiated strategies. We are proud of the company that we keep, and we have no better partner than
CaixaBank. We often say that our long-standing partners who see us operate day in and day out know us
best. Their confidence in us further reinforces our competitive position as the partner of choice to the most
sophisticated and complex financial institutions globally.

In addition to meaningfully advancing our strategies in the second quarter of 2020, we are also very
pleased with the quality of our sales execution. We are excited to announce that we have signed a new
multiyear issuer agreement with TD Bank in the United States and in Canada, one of TSYS's largest
FI partners. TD is the sixth largest bank in North America, serving over 26 million customers and also
ranks as one of the world's leading online financial services firms with more than 14 million active digital
customers. This important renewal highlights the distinctive durability of our customer relationships
globally and the trust that many of the largest institutions place in us.

We continue to see strong new sales trends in a number of our merchant businesses during the
second quarter despite the impact of the pandemic. We have seen record sales of our e-commerce and
omnichannel solutions across our businesses globally as customers move quickly to implement online
ordering and virtual payment solutions in response to changing consumer preferences. For example, in
our Heartland business, new accounts for online payments increased 58% year-over-year in the second
quarter with record sales performance for our e-commerce team in this channel. Heartland also delivered
its best overall new sales month in the last 2 years in June.

In our Global Payments Integrated business, new sales for the quarter were consistent with our original
budget expectations despite COVID-19, while new partner production is trending 30% above plan on
a year-to-date basis, reflecting the strength of our differentiated capabilities in this channel. We also
continue to see strong bookings performance in a number of our vertical market software businesses.
In the health care vertical market, for example, AdvancedMD's ability to deliver cloud-based technology
solutions, including virtual telemedicine capabilities to physician practices throughout the United States,
drove record bookings in the second quarter and record revenue for the month of June.

We believe we've been able to capture further share as customers have increasingly looked towards safety
and size and track record and consumers continue to shift purchasing habits and prefer safer commerce.
As a reminder, our e-commerce and omnichannel businesses today already account for 20% of our total
merchant revenue, consistent with the target we set in March 2018 for year-end 2020, so well ahead of
schedule.

And our issuer and business and consumer segments also had meaningful exposure to e-commerce
trends, highlighting the diversity and breadth of our business mix post our TSYS partnership. We have
invested significantly in our unified commerce platform, which allows us to provide one payment solution

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

worldwide through a single API, enabling higher acceptance rates and lower fees. And we provide our
leading omnichannel capabilities with the same means of integration for our core SMB merchants as well
as for the most sophisticated MNC customers globally. We are unique in our ability to offer local sales
and operation support physically in 38 countries and services cross-border into 60. That scale and reach,
particularly in many of the harder-served markets we operate in today, is a significant barrier to entry.

This quarter, we were pleased to have signed an e-commerce partnership with Louis Vuitton for
acceptance services across 14 countries in Europe where we deliver a uniform solution and seamless
experience virtually. We also are pleased to have recently signed agreements with Dolce & Gabbana,
Molton Brown and PARK NOW. Further, we went live with our Citi partnership in the second quarter. We are
now pursuing customers jointly with Citi in the United States and the United Kingdom, and we'll be adding
Canada this quarter.

It's worth providing some context around the size of our e-commerce-related businesses in our other
segments. We estimate that roughly 40% of our issuer transactions and that nearly 30% of our
Netspend transactions come from card-not-present or e-com channels. In combination with our acquiring
businesses, we generate roughly 1/4 of our total revenue from online efforts.

We are also seeing increased demands for safe commerce solutions across our businesses. We believe
Global Payments is the leading deployer of NFC technology worldwide, and we are rapidly enabling
contactless acceptance for merchants as the pandemic alters consumer behavior. Other solutions we have
been implementing include social commerce, pay by link, mobile payments, telesolutions, virtual terminals
and digital wallets. For example, in the enterprise quick service restaurant vertical market, our Xenial
business launched its socially safe restaurant experience platform, which includes embedded features like
guest lists and touchless payments. We are currently in discussions with several large QSR and fast casual
chains about use cases for this technology.

And our gaming business launched 2 transformative solutions in the second quarter with its VIP mobility
and VIP financial center for touchless payments and no contact funding at casinos.

Finally, our issuer business is also a leader in the evolution of contactless solutions, and we are excited
to have recently partnered with Mastercard and digital wallet provider, Xtend, to create new ways for
cardholders to use virtual cards for everyday spend in a rapidly changing digital payments landscape
globally.

While execution is always at a premium, that is especially true during a crisis. The TSYS merger
significantly enhanced our business mix and scale and has been a source of strength. We continue to make
great progress on integration this quarter, and we still anticipate delivering at least $125 million in annual
run rate revenue synergies and at least $350 million on annual run rate expense synergies within 3 years
of closing. And of course, we announced last quarter that we undertook actions to generate an additional
$400 million of annualized cost savings in response to COVID-19, and those remain on track as well.

During the second quarter, we successfully brought Vital POS to Canada, as we said we would, and early
sales transfer for Vital in the Heartland channel are encouraging. The migration of partner banks from
TSYS to the Heartland brand is underway, and we are building a new sales force to specifically support
these historically underserved bank relationships around the U.S., extending our expansive distribution
capabilities. Further, our Global Payments Integrated sales teams have been consolidated and are now
operating under a unified best practices, processes and measurement. And the majority of our recent new
partner wins combine our leading OpenEdge ecosystem and the TSYS Genius platform.

We are also in discussions with multiple Global Payments bank partners outside of the U.S. regarding
TSYS's issuer processing solutions. We expect the AWS collaboration to catalyze those opportunities and to
provide more worldwide. Additionally, we have current in-depth discussions with multiple customers across
several geographies regarding our ability to marry issuer processing with our acquiring capabilities globally
to optimize transaction flows.

On the expense side, we are tracking ahead of our merger plan targets this year and see additional
opportunities coming from the pandemic. As just one example, we now plan to close additional operating

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

facilities globally and rationalize remaining physical space requirements following the success of work-
from-home arrangements for nearly 95% of our team members.

Before I turn the call over to Paul, I would like to comment on 2 strongly held values at our company:
people who make a difference and diverse perspectives. I want to share what those mean to us. These
principles mean that we will stand against races of intolerance and injustice in all their forms. We respect,
honor and celebrate the diversity of our team members and the differences among us. Standing together
as one company, we will continue to work to drive positive change for the communities in which we live
and work and stamp out injustice. We are grateful and fortunate to be in a position to contribute our
talents to do just that.

Paul?

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

Thanks, Jeff. I want to reiterate how pleased we are with the solid financial performance we achieved this
quarter, which was enabled by strong execution and the best-in-class service our team members delivered
for our customers in a challenging environment.

For the second quarter, total company adjusted net revenue was $1.52 billion, reflecting growth of
71% over 2019. On a combined basis, our adjusted net revenue declined 14% from the prior year with
an approximate 1 point headwind from adverse foreign currency exchange rates. We believe this top
line result highlights the diversity and resiliency of our business mix. And while our revenue was not
immune from the global pandemic, our adjusted operating margin substantially exceeded our expectation,
declining a modest 40 basis points to 37% as a result of the swift and significant actions we took to
address the COVID-19 impact, our continued strong execution and the realization of expense synergies
related to the merger, which continue to track ahead of plan.

The net result was adjusted earnings per share of $1.31 for the quarter, a decline of 13%, which also
includes more than 1 point of impact from adverse foreign currency exchange rate movements. From top
to bottom, this performance was better than anticipated at the time of our last quarter call, and we are
encouraged by the recovery across our businesses.

Starting with Merchant Solutions. Adjusted net revenue decreased 21% on a combined basis to $906
million for the second quarter, which includes a 50 basis point headwind from currency. Adjusted operating
margin declined 430 basis points to 41% as our cost actions partially insulated us from the full marginal
impacts of the pandemic. Despite the impact of COVID-19 on payment volumes more broadly, our
technology-enabled portfolio remained a bright spot for the quarter, in particular, we saw strength in our
e-commerce and omnichannel solutions globally, delivering growth of 16% during the quarter, excluding
T&E, as we moved quickly to assist customers in the shift to online fulfillment.

Our unique omnichannel value proposition, including UCP, continues to resonate with customers and drive
new wins, and we believe we are well positioned to gain share as growth in this channel accelerates due to
the pandemic.

Further, Global Payments Integrated also proved relatively resilient, thanks to the unmatched breadth
of its more than 4,000 ISV partnerships across over 70 vertical markets, many of which are consumer
nondiscretionary-oriented. The decline in adjusted net revenue for GPI was meaningfully better than the
overall merchant business for the quarter. And importantly, this business has recently returned to growth.

As for our own software portfolio, booking trends remained favorable with record achievements in several
of our businesses during the period. Customer retention also remained strong, and our leading SaaS
solutions continued to support the operations of a diverse set of customers and organizations across their
respective vertical markets.

Turning to our relationship-led businesses. In addition to the strong e-commerce results and the Heartland
channel that Jeff mentioned, the business delivered record new sales for its restaurant POS solution this
quarter and saw the number of new users of its online ordering platform triple sequentially. Additionally,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

Heartland's payroll sales also set an all-time record this quarter. In Europe, we saw solid improvement
as we moved through the quarter as our largest market started to reopen. We are also benefiting from
continued expansion of social commerce in the U.K., Spain and Central Europe. Finally, in APAC, while
there had been some fits and starts due to moving in and out of restrictions, overall volumes have also
continued to improve with each month.

Moving to Issuer Solutions. We delivered $414 million in adjusted net revenue for the second quarter,
representing a 4% decline on a constant currency basis from the prior year period as bundled pricing
and services volumes are helping to mitigate the impact of transaction-level declines. Normalizing for the
effect of the single product turndown by 1 client in the second quarter last year and our commercial card
portfolio, which is being impacted by limited travel spending, issuer revenue would have been roughly
flat for the quarter and positive for the month of June. We also ended June at an all-time high number of
traditional accounts on file.

Our issuer business has a strong track record of innovation to the benefit of our customers. And we are
excited about the opportunity we have to bring our leading technologies, products and services to new
markets and new customers on a cloud SaaS basis in collaboration with AWS in the future.

Adjusted segment operating margin per issuer expanded a very strong 640 basis points to 42.8% as our
efforts to drive efficiencies in this business more than offset pressure from lower transaction volumes.

Finally, our Business and Consumer Solutions segment delivered adjusted net revenue of $217 million,
representing growth of 11% from the prior year, its highest quarterly revenue growth in nearly 3 years.
Netspend benefited from strong trends in gross dollar volume, which increased 19% for the quarter, driven
in part by our support of the disbursement of over $1.4 billion in stimulus funds under the CARES Act.
Netspend is also facilitating the distribution of unemployment and other government support to both
existing and new customers during this challenging time. Additionally, we continue to be pleased by the
performance of our DDA products with account growth of over 30% from the prior year despite a difficult
economic backdrop.

Adjusted operating margin for this segment improved 770 basis points to 32.3%, and this marked our
best quarter for both absolute adjusted operating income and adjusted operating margin in 10 years,
highlighting the great progress we have made in this business during the last year.

In addition to the solid financial outcome we produced across our businesses for the full quarter, it is
notable that our performance improved in each month during the period. We were also pleased with our
adjusted free cash flow generation of $382 million for the quarter, consistent with the first quarter, and
we exited Q2 with approximately $640 million in available cash in excess of our operating needs. We
reinvested approximately $104 million of CapEx back into the business during the quarter, also consistent
with our first quarter levels and in line with our revised guidance for capital spending to be in the $400
million to $500 million range for the year.

We continue to prioritize new product and technology investments to enhance our leading portfolio of
pure-play payment solutions and extend our competitive advantages.

In early May, we successfully issued $1 billion in senior unsecured notes maturing in 2030 at an interest
rate of 2.9%. The transaction was credit neutral with the full proceeds used to pay down our outstanding
revolver and serves as an opportunistic refinancing of our $750 million of notes outstanding that are due
in April 2021 at a rate of 3.8%. As a result, our next significant maturity is not until 2023. And we ended
the quarter with a leverage position of roughly 2.5x on a net-debt basis or roughly 2.8x on a gross basis.

In sum, we cannot be better positioned with our investment-grade balance sheet, strong cash flows and
solid liquidity, which provide us significant financial flexibility to continue to pursue strategic priorities
opportunistically as markets stabilize. Our pipeline remains strong, and we are actively assessing
opportunities for us to enhance our scale and capabilities across our payments technology and software
businesses.

To that end, our financial strength enabled our agreement with CaixaBank to increase our ownership and
our joint venture to 80% and extend our partnership through 2040.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

As we look ahead, while we are not providing guidance at this time given trends remain dynamic and
difficult to predict, I think it's worth providing some additional color on how our businesses are performing
currently. Starting with our merchant businesses. Our performance continues to track very similarly
to what you're seeing coming out of the networks in terms of credit trends. And in addition to the
accelerating demand for our differentiated omnichannel solutions, we are now seeing domestic volume
growth return to several of our international markets.

In issuing, we have a similar dynamic as our volumes are in line with the networks. In fact, excluding our
commercial card portfolio, this business has returned to growth. Finally, Business and Consumer Solutions
is currently performing well, and we are encouraged by the continuing growth in active accounts.

As I described on our last call in May, several of our businesses are relatively more resilient in this
environment, and our results prove that to be the case. Indeed, our diverse business mix and outstanding
execution have allowed us to outperform many of our peers. We are grateful for our market leadership
and global scale and payments, which drove these results and positions us to be the beneficiary of the
proliferation of technology and software in our industry well into the future.

And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Jeff.

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Thanks, Paul. The results of the second quarter highlight the wisdom of our pure-play payment strategy
and the strength of our business model at scale. Today's announcement of our new collaboration with AWS
and the expansion and extension of our joint venture with CaixaBank further deepened our competitive
moat for years to come.

We are operating as well as we could possibly be in the current environment. When this crisis ends, as
all crises inevitably do, we will emerge stronger than ever with sustained share gains. We look forward to
delivering the future of payments.
Winnie?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

Question and Answer

Winnie Smith
Vice President of Investor Relations

[Operator Instructions] Thank you. Operator, we will now go to questions.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of John Davis with Raymond James.

John Kimbrough Davis
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

First thing I wanted to touch on was the improvement in July. Maybe just help frame the magnitude
in which businesses you've seen the greatest improvement. And then second, AWS, and if you expect
the partnership to accelerate product introduction, and if it includes more focus on debit considering it
expands market to include smaller banks.

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes, John. So this is Paul. I'll take the first question. And maybe the second one, Jeff and Cameron may
want to comment on. But yes, for -- so far in July, we saw very similar trends to what we saw in June
from a business line standpoint. So if we look at the merchant segment are integrated was kind of the
highlights there as far as returning to growth. If we move to kind of issuing, we talked about in June, if
you kind of took out the comparison year-over-year from commercial card, we actually had essentially
growth in June, and we're expecting that same thing to play through in July.

We're also in business and consumer, the same kind of trend from kind of a positive picture in business
and consumer. So the trends that essentially happened in June, which were an improvement from May or
are playing their way through July, and we're expecting some of that to continue throughout the quarter.
Obviously, the recovery will impact that.

But Cameron, I don't know if you have anything else to add on the merchant side.

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

Yes. John, the only thing I would add is our trends continue to look very much similar to what you're
seeing in the networks, particularly as it relates to their credit trends. And July showed an improvement
over June. That pace of improvement has slowed. But again, you're seeing that coming out of the
networks as well as essentially everything is really open at this point.

I would say one encouraging highlight from July, certainly, from my standpoint, is even though you saw a
few outbreaks and a little bit of retrenchment in some markets and some new restrictions being put back
in place, I think trends continued to stay -- be stable throughout the month and obviously, even slightly
improving over what we saw in June as well. So I think that's encouraging as markets continue to open.

These are very U.S.-centric, I would say. If you look at the rest of the world, Europe continues to reopen,
and we're seeing the benefits of that as we work through July. Asia is a little bit of a story of mixed signals
coming out of different markets. Some markets remain closed or maybe are reclosing, while others are
starting to reopen. But the overall trend, I'd say, in Asia remains fairly positive as it relates to volume
recoveries as well. So I think we're encouraged by what we've seen. Obviously, there remains a fair
amount of uncertainty for the balance of the year, but the trends continue to be reasonably encouraging
and very much in line with what you're seeing coming out of the networks as well.

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

And John, it's Jeff. I'll touch on your second point around AWS. So first, as it relates to distribution,
you asked about smaller banks. So as we said in the prepared remarks, really, the unique collaboration
between us and AWS is designed to encompass every type of prospective customers. That's true not just
by geography, as I mentioned, but also true by size of institution. So as I mentioned and what I said
upfront, historically, that was not the focus of TSYS's issuer business in the United States. And now jointly
with AWS, it will be.

One of the slides we put together talks about today, the end-to-end customer life cycle and how we stay
in the entirety of that. And that starts with lead generation, all the way through sales qualification, sales
engineering, all the way through the billing. We'll we doing that jointly with AWS. So I would say there's
really no type of institution, new entrant new bank, small bank that we're not going to approach from a
distribution point of view, and that is very different given where TSYS was historically.

As it relates to debit, which you also asked about, this also spans every type of product that we have that
they will be capable of having both today and in the future. So debit would also be an area that we're
focused on coming out of it. We do have a significant debit business at TSYS, primarily outside of the
United States. As part of the transformation, we'll be bringing that business inside of the United States.
There's real no element of our ecosystem in issuer that's not transformed by this collaboration with AWS.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi.

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Jeff, Cameron, Paul, congratulations on this performance in a tough environment. I think my first question
is a planning question. Just sort of going back to your comment on the up and down recovery in volumes.
How are you balancing that with when you -- when do you pull back on those in-year cost controls that
you announced right away and as well as your decisions as they relate to any longer-term investment?
Can you talk a little bit about the balance of when some of those costs come back and so on?

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Yes. Ashwin, it's Jeff. I'll start. Well, I would say, in answer to your question, we reaffirmed today really all
of our expense targets, including the COVID-19-specific cost control. So as Paul mentioned in his prepared
remarks, there's a fair amount of uncertainty for the remainder of the year given the pandemic and the
macroeconomic outlook globally. And I think until we get some more certainty about where the world is
heading, the duration of the pandemic and the depth of it, it's very hard for us to do other than what we
did this morning, which is reaffirm where we're headed

We do have the capability and the flexibility to pivot very quickly, if that's something that we want to do.
But given our statement this morning, we're really not in a place to do that yet today. Rather, I think the
prudent thing to do is to continue to operate, realizing it's going to be an up and down, as you say, kind
of environment with gains 1 week and the like that may or may not persist. So for the time being, I think
we're in a really good place. And obviously, that's something, as we do with our businesses, we reassess
continually.

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

And Ashwin, it's Cameron. The only thing I would add on the product side since you raised that is we
continue to invest in products throughout the pandemic and I think, obviously, working very hard to make
sure the business is well positioned for the recovery and what the world looks like post recovery. As we
announced in the call, we rolled out Vital to Canada this quarter. We launched the Heartland retail solution
this quarter as well. We are launching an omnichannel version of Vital that integrates our online ordering
capabilities into the legacy Vital platform. That will be rolled out in Q3. We've made, obviously, significant
enhancements in our UCP platform. That is the foundation for some of the success we highlighted on the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

call today as well. And we continue to invest in our social commerce solutions, particularly in Europe, as
we've seen significant uptake in those in Spain and the U.K. in particular.

So from a product standpoint, I think we've really used this opportunity during the pandemic to double
down on our product initiatives and really make great strides in continuing to differentiate ourselves from
a product and solution capability in the market.

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Got it. And then one of the key investor questions to come from the last 1.5 months, 2 months has been
the small business health as well as the impact on that from just call it reopening versus stimulus and
what's the relative impact of it. Can you talk a little bit about that in the context of your portfolio? And
how much does the next stage of getting stimulus past matter?

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Yes. Ashwin, it's Jeff, and I'll ask Cameron to jump in, too. So the first thing I'd say, and we said this in
our prepared remarks, is that our performance given our mix in all of our businesses, especially given our
mix, was better than what you saw from the networks last week, hands down. I mean that's just the fact.
And I would say that indicates that there's been no differential SMB underperformance just given the mix
of businesses we have relative to the payment networks. We thought that was going to be the case. It's
nice to see it confirmed with their actual performance through the period. And as we said at the beginning
of our commentary, our businesses really remain and our customers really remain very healthy.

Cameron, you want to add a little bit more into some of the details?

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

Sure, I'd be happy to. To Jeff's point, Ashwin, I think the overall health of the customer base that we
have today is really quite good, notwithstanding the environment that we operate in today. And from a
performance standpoint, the merchant business performed pretty consistently with what you saw on the
network, putting aside the overall company performance, as Jeff highlighted, which was clearly better as a
revenue and net income and EPS matter.

So I think as we look at the portfolio today and because we are SMB-focused, that has not
disproportionately impacted us on the negative sense relative to what you've seen coming out of the
networks. And frankly, we were also very successful in supporting our customers throughout this difficult
period with various concessions that we made, offerings of new products for free for a period of time. We
facilitated the distribution of nearly $0.5 billion of PPP loans to customers through our lending partner to
over 5,000 of our small- to medium-sized business customers. So I think we feel good about the efforts
we've made to support them through what's been a difficult time as well as, thereby, ability for the future
as the recovery continues to take shape here in the U.S. in particular.

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

And as for further stimulus, Ashwin, to get to your question, who knows what ultimately will happen from
a governmental point of view here in the United States. But I would just point out that a lot of businesses
are overseas. Not everybody, not every market had PPP or anything like it. So there's plenty of examples.
And I think Cameron and Paul alluded to this in our commentary where we're net growing year-over-
year in markets that didn't like PPP or consumer disbursement. So while 70% of our business, of course,
is right here in the United States in the merchant side, a healthy 30% of it or $1.5 billion is not. And in
that commentary, really, nobody else had something exactly comparable to the PPP. So time will tell. And
really, it has taken various forms. But in those markets, as we said, in domestic Spain, in Continental of
Europe, we've returned to net growth year-over-year without those kinds of things.

Operator
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

Your next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I know a lot of hard work goes into these results, so well done. I want to ask on the AWS side, just the
question of is this offensive or a defensive move from Global Payments. Is this more about winning new
modern card issuing contracts or about migrating existing? And maybe if you could share the cost to stand
up the technology. I'm just guessing here, are you going to run an instance of TS2 inside AWS in parallel
with your existing solution for some time? Just trying to better understand it, if you don't mind.

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Yes. Tien-Tsin, it's Jeff. I'll start, and then Paul is going to provide some of the financial commentary. But
listen, I think it's offensive. I think, at the end of the day, the way we look at the world is this is based on
overwhelming feedback from our partners and customers today in financial services that what they would
like to see from us over the next number of years. So we're listening to what our customers wants us to
do. We're looking at where to see if technology needs to be a number of years, a number of years down
the road. So it is going to take us a few years to put this technology into effect, but it's not going to be
a big bang. It will be gradual improvement throughout. So we'll have the ability to release very API and
micro services modules over the next period of time.

So we view this based on customer feedback we've got and our view as to where the world is going as
the right next step. But in all fairness, TSYS was doing that for quite some time prior to the merger with
Global Payments in September of 2019. So this is another step along the journey that TSYS has been on
for a considerable amount of time. That's kind of point 1 technology set.

Point number 2, I would not overlook the impact of the distribution side. So as I said in our prepared
remarks, today and historically, TSYS is very much confined to environments where TSYS can build a
physical data center to host the information that needs to be hosted with card issuers, particularly for
larger card issuers. That's no longer going to be constrained in the context of AWS given their physical but
also, of course, their virtual size.

The second thing is, historically, you really needed a cloud-native, end-to-end environment to pitch kind of
neobanks. The neobanks and new entrants in the financial services space, this will get us there.

And third, as I mentioned before, from a collaboration point view, it's really unique that AWS and us being
supporting the entire life cycle of pitching and selling all the way through to billing. So dramatically expand
the sales resources that we would always have at the fingertips by TSYS and Global Payments. So from
that point of view, I think pretty clearly, offensive.

Paul, do you want to comment on the financials?

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

Sure. Yes. And Tien-Tsin, on your question around the costs, no, this will be managed in our overall cost
base of the Issuer Solutions segment. As Jeff mentioned, obviously, we've been doing some of this for
several years now. And so we do not see an uptick in cost, or really, from a CapEx standpoint, this will be
managed in our overall CapEx budget at this kind of normalized level, so no tweak there on the cost side.
In fact, over time, obviously, we'll get some efficiencies, but you'll see us softening our physical footprint,
cost on data centers and some other things. So it's blended into the cost base.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got you. No, I'm glad to hear you going all in on cloud. It's very important. Just a quick follow-up, just on
the relationship side. It sounds like good bookings, especially in restaurant. Just overall, given what you
said about pipeline, your ability to deliver against it virtually, any issues there? Or it sounds like it's going

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

as planned. I know we'll bump up into the holidays pretty soon. So just curious if that's still an issue or
not.

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Tien-Tsin, can you ask that question again, the second question? I kind of -- we kind of lost what you
said...

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes, you were breaking up a little bit.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Yes. I'm sorry. I'll try to ask you a little clearer. Just the ability to implement new projects, especially on
the merchant side virtually, because I know we're getting to the holidays and hopefully getting some
sign-ups coming up here, so just curious if there's any hold back there in your ability to deliver the work
virtually.

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. It's a really good question, Tien-Tsin. It's something that we worked on very hard, as you can
imagine, throughout the course of the pandemic with the vast majority of our resources around the
globe and our team members working from home, in a remote environment. I would say, thus far,
we're delighted with our ability to deliver new product, new capability and execute in what has been
a challenging environment. Obviously, people are used to working side-by-side with each other, and
the collaboration and effectiveness that comes from that is -- it's hard to replicate that in a remote
environment. But our teams have performed admirably.

And the thing that I'm struck by every time I get on a call with one of our product teams with the business
is the level of collaboration and how quickly the TSYS and Global Payments teams have come together and
how effective we've been in introducing new product and new capability in a very short period of time.

As I said, we've met every milestone that we had, frankly, put in place prior to the pandemic around
new product rollouts for 2020 and remain on track to hit our remaining milestones for the balance of the
year. So I feel good about how we're executing in this environment. It's not without a lot of effort, as you
can imagine, and I appreciate you highlighting that. But thus far, I would say the teams have performed
extraordinarily well. And we're very excited about the new product and innovation we've been able to
bring to the market and we'll continue to do through the balance of this year and heading into 2020 as
well -- 2021 as well.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of David Togut with Evercore ISI.

David Mark Togut
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Would be curious for your perspectives on the rollout of QR codes by a number of the pure-play online
payment companies and how does this interact with GPN where you have the relationship at the physical
point of sale. Is there just a sharing of economics? Or is there an incremental sort of economic fee work
QR code is being used?

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

Yes. David, it's Jeff. So what I would say is we probably have as much experience as anybody at QR code
acceptance. We enable more -- as we said in our remarks, we enable more NFC acceptance, and we
enable in more markets than really anybody else with extensive partnerships with Alipay, WeChat Pay.
Those have obviously looked outside Asia into North America and into Europe. So I would say relative to
QR codes, we welcome more of those in more of our markets because of our record of doing that across
Asia, North America and Europe.

The second thing I would say is if you go back to the issuer side of the equation with AWS, this is going
to enable us, as it will, many things. This will enable us to move even more quickly on new means of
adoption for payments. So I think by making it our entire environment, from a transformative point of
view, cloud-native and cloud-enabled, that's only going to facilitate the faster rollout as you've seen with
us already in terms of contactless, in terms of our Xtend announcement this morning with Mastercard
for virtual cards. That only make us, I think, more helpful in terms of rolling out products like QR more
directly.

The last thing I'd say in response to your question on economics is, when you think about QR codes,
there's a variety of ways to load those. So depending on who you're talking about, if it's PayPal, it's
generally via card, although it's obviously also debit. In ACH, although card is the majority, I believe of
how PayPal loads occur today. If you look in Asia, what you'd see is ACH via bank loads through Ali. But
at the end of the day, the merchant wants to accept whatever payment scheme the cardholder and the
consumer is presenting. So they're generally not to the exclusion. Meaning when you have QR codes in
place, it doesn't mean that the merchant at the end of the day is going to say, don't give me some other
card or I care about how you loaded cards in the first place. So from that point of view, our economic
opportunity really doesn't differ among the different types. And I would tell you, at the end of the day,
really, the only entity here is cash. So the more cash and check that we get out of the point of sale, the
more we move towards safer commerce, which includes QR code, the better for the Global Payments at
the end of the day. So innovation, pace of change, multi-nationalization of payment types, this is nothing
but good news for our business.

David Mark Togut
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Appreciate that, Jeff. Just a quick follow-up. Just the go-to-market approach in Europe, both with the
Issuer Solutions side and merchant plus layering in AWS now, how do you size the market opportunity
in Europe? Historically, the big banks have been more in-house across a range of merchant and Issuer
Solutions. Do you see that opportunity opening up now from a new business standpoint?

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Well David, I'm glad you asked that. Of course, I'm delighted to have you on today with the
announcement of expanding and extending our partnership with Caixa because I know that you're
rightly focused on the opportunities in Europe. So I'd say a few things in response to what you asked.
First, on the issuer side, we have fantastic opportunities globally, including in Europe, with TSYS on the
issuer side and Global Payments on the merchant side. So we made tremendous headway there in the
9 months since we announced the closing of our merger. I'm as optimistic today as I ever have been
on completing a number of issuer deals with TSYS with global relationships worldwide, but including,
in particular, [ lighter ] comment in Europe. And that, of course, was before AWS. So the way we talk
about TSYS and Global Payments is that on a combined basis, we have 1,300 FI customers around the
world. I would tell you, financial services is a very big piece of AWS's footprint today, and obviously, it's
a very large business. We've certainly thought about our ability to bring AWS into the fold as it relates to
our conversations with our current customers, and I believe that they're doing the same with us on the
issuer side. So that's only going to expand that pool of opportunities from the 1,300 that we have today at
legacy Global Payments and TSYS.

And then on the merchant side, I think you should look at the Caixa announcement as a harbinger of
other things that may come. We've seen this with Erste in Continental Europe with us a number of years
ago. We've obviously seen the Caixa in 2010 but the expansion today. I think the reason to drive financial

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

institutions today to do that relate to the ECB's point of view on what impact COVID-19 and the pandemic
may have on the macroeconomic environment and the balance sheet health and capital ratios of those
companies.

So David, it's never a bad time to do something with us. But I would say this reminds me a lot of what
we saw in '09, '10 and '11, which is we'll go through a macroeconomic dislocation, and that provides a
fantastic opportunity for us to do more we've been able to do. So I think stay tuned and more to come,
and I'm pretty optimistic about the health of our business in Europe.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research.

Darrin David Peller
Wolfe Research, LLC

All right. You clearly outperformed us on the merchant segment quite a bit. And just curious, if you can
subsegment the pieces, whether it's e-com or integrated or other parts of your direct business, what was
surprising to you the most in the quarter and held -- how it help up in this environment? And maybe if
you can talk about structural market share, where you're seeing yourselves really pull ahead of the pack
because of your technology in this environment. And then I just have one quick follow-up.

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

Yes. Darrin, it's Cameron. I'll start off and ask Jeff and Paul to jump in if they have any additional
comments. So look, I would say across the board in merchant, we've been pretty pleased with how the
business has performed throughout the pandemic. Obviously, and we called this out specifically in the
script and Jeff commented on it earlier, our integrated business performed extraordinarily well, I would
say, throughout the pandemic. A lot of that is due to the strength of our partnerships in that channel, our
focus on consumer nondiscretionary channels, by and large. But the overall performance in that business
clearly led the pack as it relates to overall merchant business in the second quarter. And obviously, that
has continued in July, and we expect to see that continue through the balance of the year as well.

I think our vertical market business was obviously a, by and large, good story as well. Obviously,
Software-as-a-Service, subscription-based revenue streams withstood the pandemic very well. We saw
great performance in a number of those channels. Obviously, a couple of those businesses were more
negatively impacted with schools being closed for much of the second quarter as well as our gaming
business being exposed to closures of physical brick-and-mortar casinos. Obviously, those businesses were
more negatively impacted. But on balance, I would say, our vertical market business performed well as a
result of the focus on more recurring revenue streams, subscription-based revenues in those channels.

And I would say, lastly, our relationship business here in the U.S. performed quite well also.
Notwithstanding, it's more focused on consumer discretionary verticals as well as being more SMB-focused
across the different businesses, it withstood, I think, the pandemic very well. A lot of that was due to
our ability to continue to sell effectively in this environment to offer new product and capability to our
customers. And I think that's really the point that I would highlight as it relates to the second part of
your question, I think from a product and innovation standpoint, we're really at the intersection of what
our customers were demanding and obviously, the impacts of the pandemic. Our ability to roll out online
ordering capability, safe commerce capabilities in our different vertical market businesses, our ability to
deliver those quickly, ubiquitously, with ease and to be able to integrate them with existing card-present
capabilities as I think we're uniquely positioned to be able to do, I think that allowed us to really win in
this environment, continue to gain share and positions us well, I think, for a very bright future as we
really have the products and solutions and the capabilities and we have the distribution mode to be able to
deliver them very quickly to customers in a difficult environment. And I think that's one of the hallmarks
of the second quarter that I would highlight.

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

Yes. I think, Darrin, it's Jeff. I would just say this is a continuation of the theme that we've had for years
here, which is a further movement toward technology enablement and differentiating distribution of
what we've been doing. So if you look at, as Paul and Cameron said, the businesses that have performed
best, our integrated business, our e-com and omni business, elements of our Heartland business that
are specific to omnichannel delivery, our exposure to emerging markets, those are the same themes that
we've had for a really long period of time. To be able to get 95% of our workforce working from home in
relatively short order, those speak to, I think, and then obviously, the culmination today as announced
at AWS, really on the issuing side, across the full life cycle of what we're selling globally in the issuing
business.

We wouldn't be in the position we're in today if we hadn't started turning many, many years ago toward
technology enablement. So I think as difficult as an environment as it is on the macro because of the
terrible effects of the pandemic, nonetheless, I think this is a culmination of years of investment in
differentiated distribution and technology, and I think you're seeing it all. At the same time, I would
say, to normalize for the macro, this might be the best quarter we've ever produced in a macro-neutral
environment, and I think that's a culmination of many quarters of investment.

Darrin David Peller
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. All right. That's really helpful, guys. It's good to have those offerings now especially. Jeff, just real
quick follow-up is on M&A. Are we still in an uncertain such an environment that you'd want to hold off?
Or would you say you'd be more willing and active now? And what areas would it be now? Would it be still
software focus or a little bit more on the operating leverage and the scale side on acquiring or others?

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

So Darrin, we just announced a deal this morning. [indiscernible] We're obviously pretty active and not
kind of waiting. It just so happens with a good long-standing partner of ours, but nonetheless, a deal
this morning. So I would say our pipeline -- as I think Paul said is in his remarks, our pipeline is very full.
Our balance sheet is at 2.5x in terms of leverage. So I think we're ready now. Obviously, everyday brings
more information about what's going on in the marketplace. So we're certainly open for business. We're
certainly looking. Ultimately, it depends on the facts at the time. Certainly, sitting here today, we feel very
good about where we were with our partners over at CaixaBank and good enough to make a significant
increased investment back into that business. So I would say we're open for business, and we continue to
look.

In terms of what we're looking at, it's really across the board. We're looking at software deals. We're
looking at competitive takeout deals, looking at deals in new geography. I don't think there's really any
limit on what we can do in terms of what we're looking at.

Operator

Our final question will come from the line of George Mihalos with Cowen.

Georgios Mihalos
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Congrats on a very robust quarter. Paul, just a question on the issuer segment, maybe a 2-part question
there. One, the margins were up something like 600 basis points year-over-year. I'm curious if there's
anything onetime there, if it just has to do with discretionary cost cuts. And related to the outlook for
issuer, I think you said it's sort of tracking network metrics where I think their process transactions are
now low single-digit positive. Is that the right way to be thinking about how the business is performing in
July? Or do we need to take that number and discount it from what you're seeing in the commercial card
business?

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

Yes. George, yes, 2 things there. One, on the margin side, yes, you're right, we were very pleased with
the 640 basis points. You saw in the first quarter, we were 450 basis points, so it is better. But there's
nothing onetime there that we'd call out. We're going to be tracking really strong on the margin front
given all of the cost things that we're doing on that business. So nothing kind of onetime or anything
unusual to call out there other than just the robust cost management that we've put into that business.

And then on the volume side for issuer, yes, we, from an authorization and transaction volume standpoint,
look, just like the credit, Visa credit numbers that you see out there. So nothing differential I would point
out. It's just you're seeing kind of from an overall standpoint, the fact that only a portion of our revenue
mix is transaction volume-related. So we're kind of growing through that pull-down. So that -- those
numbers that you're seeing out of the networks on the volume side given our market share look very
similar to what we're seeing both from a June and a July standpoints.

Georgios Mihalos
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Okay. That's great. Good to hear. And then, Jeff, congrats on the AWS partnership. Maybe just 2 quick
questions there. I guess, firstly, some of your digital peers, the stripes of the world and obviously,
[ adding ] and the like, they have issuing platforms going after sort of digital marketplaces and servicing
them. Is that an area that maybe Global will now look at? And then as it relates to servicing FIs, my sense
would be that you're not interested in coupling a core processing solution with what you're doing on the
issuing side. Is that fair to assume?

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Yes. So in your first question, George, what I would say is new entrants, neobanks, retailers, the Ubers
of the world, the answer is they're all in scope. So I think what we've been able to do here in this
collaboration with AWS is more than triple our target addressable market for opportunities. I really don't
think that there's any area of the marketplace either by segment or geographically that is any longer out
of scope with AWS. That's kind of your first point, and that's done on a differentiated basis with us.

On your second point, no, I don't believe it changes our view on core processing. In fact, quite the
opposite. So I think our perspective historically is that we're probably undersized in terms of distribution
assets and legacy TSYS issuer going after the size of the landscape that we wanted to go after. But I think
what we've been able to show is, notwithstanding that, that post the merger, our announcement with
Truist in May, our announcement of the TD renewal today and [indiscernible] our announcement of the
collaboration with AWS means that we're going to leapfrog what I would call analog distribution, which
is I believe core processing is, and go directly into technology-enabled distribution with probably one of
the largest or the second-largest technology part of the world, namely AWS. So I think we've been able
to do here with AWS is circumvent the traditional method perhaps of referral into the issuing side by
collaborating and leading with technology, which is the exact same strategy we've had for a number of
years, of course, in our merchant business. So rather than reopening whether core processing is important
to that sales cycle, which I think we should not post the merger, I think we're going essentially from
directly to cellular without stopping a landmine of core processing.
Well on behalf of Global Payments, thank you for your interest in our company, and thank you for joining
us this morning.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

