Global Payments Inc. NYSE:GPN
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Monday, August 02, 2021 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.90

2.04

Revenue  (mm)

1862.32

1940.54

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-02-2021 12:51 PM GMT

7.37

4.20

2.17

8.12

9.44

1990.54

7678.87

8355.01

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.66

1.76

1.77

1.90

1.71

1.80

1.82

2.04

3.01 %

2.27 %

2.82 %

7.37 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

Winnie Smith
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Benjamin Elliot Budish
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

David John Koning
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

David Mark Togut
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

James Eugene Faucette
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Vasundhara Govil
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Global Payments Second Quarter
2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's conference will be
recorded.

At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Senior Vice President, Investor
Relations, Winnie Smith. Please go ahead.

Winnie Smith
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, and welcome to Global Payments Second Quarter 2021 Conference Call. Before we begin,
I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during today's conference call
contain forward-looking statements about expected operating and financial results. These statements
are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the impact of COVID-19 and economic
conditions on our future operations, that could cause actual results to differ materially from our
expectations. Certain risk factors inherent in our business are set forth in filings with the SEC, including
our most recent 10-K and subsequent filings. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these
statements. Forward-looking statements during this call speak only as of the date of this call, and we
undertake no obligation to update them.

Some of the comments made refer to non-GAAP financial measures, such as adjusted net revenue,
adjusted operating margin and adjusted earnings per share, which we believe are more reflective of our
ongoing performance. For a full reconciliation of these and other non-GAAP financial measures to the most
comparable GAAP measure in accordance with SEC regulations, please see our press release furnished as
an exhibit to our 8-K filed this morning and our trended financial highlights, both of which are available in
the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpayments.com.

Joining me on the call are Jeff Sloan, CEO; Cameron Bready, President and COO; and Paul Todd, Senior
Executive Vice President and CFO. Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff.

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Thanks, Winnie. We delivered a terrific second quarter with each of adjusted net revenue, adjusted
operating margin and adjusted earnings per share outperforming our targets. We are most pleased by
the compounded rates of growth that we realized in the quarter and are now forecasting for the full year
compared to pre-pandemic 2019 levels. While we've not called back all of the impact of COVID-19 relative
to our pre-pandemic expectations, we have made substantial progress and are far down that path.

As we have throughout the pandemic, we continue to expand our competitive moat through leading
strategic partnerships. First, we are excited to have agreed with our partners at CaixaBank to acquire
Bankia's payments businesses in Spain. Specifically, we will enhance our position in one of the most
attractive acquiring markets in Europe with the addition of Bankia's merchant business, consisting of
roughly 100,000 customers in the region. This pending acquisition further enhances our distinctive
distribution and will allow us to delight Bankia's customers with our market-leading technologies, providing
us with significant cross-selling opportunities and deepening our presence with one of the leading
institutions in Europe.

This agreement follows our purchase of an additional 29% stake in our Comercia joint venture last
October, which increased Global Payments' ownership to 80%. Additionally, our MoneyToPay joint venture
has agreed to purchase Bankia's prepaid business as we continue to execute on our strategy to expand
and diversify our Netspend business into international markets. We expect both of these transactions to
close in the fourth quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

Second, we are delighted to announce that we have entered into a new collaboration with Amazon Web
Services, AWS, for a unique distribution and cutting-edge technologies at Netspend to substantially
increase our target addressable markets and accelerate our strategy across our 3 pillars of digitization,
internationalization and B2B expansion. Much as that we have done with our issuer business, we plan to
leverage the AWS partner network and dedicated partner development specialists to bring Netspend's B2C
and B2B digital payment solutions, including program management, toward a base of neobanks, fintech
start-ups and other e-commerce players as well as to new geographies. This partnership will also provide
an industry-leading cloud-based processing platform for Netspend's customers to access cutting-edge
technologies with greater speed to market, security and flexibility. We are thrilled to deepen our go-to-
market collaboration with one of the world's largest technology companies to continue our disruption of
these markets.

Third, we are pleased to have closed our acquisition of Zego in June, further capitalizing on the
convergence of software and payments in one of the largest and most attractive vertical markets
worldwide. As I highlighted last quarter, real estate is the quintessence of the type of market that we
seek: sizable; global in scope; fragmented and ripe for further software, digital commerce and payment
penetration. And COVID-19 has accelerated the underlying trends that make this $6.5 billion target
addressable market so attractive as we continue to expand our software-driven footprint. It is my great
pleasure to welcome Zego team members to Global Payments.

In addition to these strategic accomplishments, we produced yet another outstanding quarter of results.
Since we began running the company in 2013, our main focus has been on 2 areas: enabling diverse,
distinctive and defensible distribution; and developing market-leading technologies. We could not be more
pleased with the momentum across our businesses, evident in our second quarter results and reflected in
our increased guidance for 2021. It's worth noting that we have delivered the greatest value creation in
our history over the last 8 years despite numerous new market entrants during the entirety of that period,
public and private. And we have generated consistent financial and operating outperformance through
a variety of macroeconomic cycles, including, most recently, the financial impact of the first worldwide
pandemic in over 100 years.

The results are self-evident. We have record performance in the second quarter in our merchant segment
on several bases, absolute, sequential and year-over-year, while also producing strong growth versus
pre-pandemic levels. Simply put, our payments businesses continue to significantly outperform and gain
share, fueled by our long-held technology-enabled focus and solid ongoing execution.

On a more granular basis, we saw a strong double-digit growth in new sales in both Global Payments
Integrated and our vertical market businesses in the quarter, and our U.S. relationship-led business again
achieved record new sales. This marks the third quarter out of the last 4 in which we have achieved such a
high level of performance. Rather than impede our strategy, the pandemic spurred further share gains and
catalyzed the digital strategies we have had in place since 2013.

Our omnichannel businesses accelerated yet again in the second quarter with growth in excess of 20%
despite lapping the enhanced shift toward e-commerce globally that began with the start of the pandemic
in early 2020. New customer signings this quarter include Foot Locker as a key customer in Europe that
will leverage our unified commerce platform or UCP to modernize its payment acceptance capabilities. We
are pleased to have also signed new global UCP partnerships with Hunter Douglas and Euronet Worldwide
subsidiary, xe.com. Our ability to deliver a single API solution virtually around the world has been a key
driver of our success. And our unique multinational footprint in both the virtual and the physical world has
proven to be a differentiator versus both legacy and new market entrants.

Within our vertical market businesses, we had a number of new key customer wins for our quick-service
restaurant business, including Frisch's Big Boy, Krystal's and the Fiesta Group, while AMD and TouchNet
continue to deliver record revenue performance as they have throughout the pandemic. Notably, TouchNet
continues to add new marquee colleges and universities domestically and internationally, including the
Arkansas State University system and Sheridan College in Canada this quarter. We're also making great
progress in our partnership with Google and remain on track to board Google as a merchant customer this

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

quarter and expect to launch our [ Run and Grow My Business ] product that integrates Google solutions
in our digital portal environment in the fourth quarter.

Our issuer business delivered growth beyond the high end of our targeted long-term range. We are
pleased to have signed a new multiyear partnership with Banco Carrefour in Brazil, the financial services
arm of the country's leading supercenter retail chain, to provide a range of technologies for its credit card
and digital accounts as well as to handle on-us acquiring transactions. Recall that transaction optimization
is one of our key post-merger initiatives. More to come on that at our investor conference.

We also signed a letter of intent with a large global financial institution and long-standing partner in a
new market in Lat Am that will mark another significant milestone for us in our continued expansion into
the region. Further, we executed a multiyear extension with the U.K.'s largest retailer, Tesco, enabled
by our shared digital modernization vision for the future. Finally, we are pleased to have extended our
relationship with Mercury Financial for a range of digital technologies. This relationship serves as further
proof that our industry-leading platform offers the agility to support leading-edge fintech companies.

TSYS recently launched a strategic go-to-market partnership with PricewaterhouseCoopers or PwC. As
part of the TSYS partner program, we expect that our collaboration with PwC will diversify and expand
our distribution and allow us to jointly offer innovative solutions, expertise and execution capabilities to
clients of all sizes, across the full spectrum of neobanks, fintech, start-ups and program managers. Again,
diversification of distribution has been one of our key objectives since 2013, and we are using the same
playbook with TSYS that we have successfully deployed in the past.

We continue to capitalize on the broad and deep pipeline we have a good fortune to have in our issuer
business. Today, we have 15 letters of intent with institutions worldwide, 6 of which are competitive
takeaways.

Turning to our unique collaboration. We now have 20 active prospects in our pipeline with AWS, up from a
dozen last quarter and 4 at the end of 2020. These include a mix of new financial technology entrants and
other nontraditional issuers in addition to large financial institutions. As growth accelerates in this market,
we believe that we are the ones doing the disrupting.

While buy now, pay later solutions may seem novel to some, we have, in fact, been providing leading
technologies to that segment of the market for decades in both our issuer and merchant segments, and
we continue to deliver innovative installment payments products for customers. We are currently enabling
our merchant customers in Canada in partnership with Desjardins with a Visa installment solution. CIBC
will also launch a combined TSYS, Visa installment solution in early 2022, and we signed a global referral
agreement with Mastercard supporting installment payments in June.

Finally, in our business and consumer segment, we expect a unique co-sale arrangement with AWS to
expand our distribution capabilities, again, much like we've been doing since 2013. And together with our
issuer business, we intend to further disrupt the program management segment in the near future. This is
yet another example of application of our strategies to legacy TSYS businesses, and we expect the same
successes here as we have generated in other contexts. Paul?

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

Thanks, Jeff. Our financial performance in the second quarter of 2021 demonstrated meaningful sequential
momentum and exceeded our expectations. These results highlight outstanding execution on our
differentiated strategy of technology enablement. Specifically, we delivered adjusted net revenue of $1.94
billion, representing 28% growth compared to the prior year and 10% growth compared to 2019. Adjusted
operating margin for the second quarter was 41.8%, a 480 basis point improvement from the prior year
despite the return of certain costs we temporarily reduced at the onset of the pandemic. The net result
was adjusted earnings per share of $2.04 for the quarter, an increase of 56% compared to the prior year
and a 35% improvement from the same period in 2019.

Taking a closer look at our performance by segment. Merchant Solutions achieved adjusted net revenue
of $1.29 billion for the second quarter, a 42% improvement from the prior year. We delivered an adjusted

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

operating margin of 48.5% in this segment, an increase of 750 basis points from the same period in 2020,
as we continue to benefit from the recovery and our improving technology-enabled business mix.

We are pleased that our acquiring businesses globally generated 46% adjusted net revenue growth
compared to the second quarter of 2020, led by strength in the U.S. Notably, our U.S. acquiring business,
which includes our integrated and relationship-led channels, grew approximately 25% compared to the
same period in 2019. These results were led by our integrated business, which produced a stellar quarter,
generating a 53% adjusted net revenue improvement compared to 2020 and 35% growth relative to
2019.

As for our own software businesses in the U.S., we are delighted with the overall portfolio delivered growth
of roughly 30% compared to the prior year and achieved solid sequential improvement relative to the
first quarter. As Jeff mentioned, our vertical markets businesses continue to see positive bookings trends,
providing us with a favorable tailwind for the second half of 2021. Additionally, our worldwide e-commerce
and omnichannel businesses saw growth in excess of 20% year-on-year as our value proposition, including
our unified commerce platform or UCP, continues to resonate with customers.

Regarding our international businesses, while these markets have been a bit slower to recover compared
to the U.S. on an absolute basis, our portfolio of businesses across Europe and Asia contribute favorably to
our overall merchant adjusted net revenue as a growth matter compared to 2020. These businesses also
returned to growth on a combined basis when compared to 2019.

Moving to Issuer Solutions. We are pleased to have delivered a record $446 million in adjusted net
revenue for the second quarter, marking an 8% improvement from the prior year period. This strong
performance was driven by the ongoing recovery in transaction volumes across many of our markets
while non-volume-based revenue increased mid-single digits during the period, led by our output service
business, which grew at roughly 10% for the quarter.

Our issuer business also achieved record second quarter adjusted operating income, and adjusted
segment operating margin expanded 110 basis points from the prior year, also reaching a new second
quarter record of 43.9% as we continue to benefit from our efforts to drive efficiencies in this business.
This is an impressive result, particularly given we achieved margin expansion of 640 basis points in the
second quarter of 2020. Additionally, our issuer team signed 5 long-term contract extensions during the
quarter, and our strong pipeline bodes well for future continued momentum going forward.

Finally, our Business and Consumer Solutions segment delivered adjusted net revenue of $227 million,
representing growth of 5%, despite lapping the benefit of the 2020 CARES Act last year. As a reminder,
this business delivered double-digit growth in the second quarter of 2020, driven in part by our support of
the disbursement of over $1.4 billion in stimulus funds during that period. Adjusted operating margin for
this segment was 26.9%, which was also ahead of our expectations.

The outstanding performance we delivered across our businesses serves as a further proof point that
we continue to gain share as well as the alignment of our strategy with the accelerating digital trends
coming out of the pandemic. We are also pleased that our integration continues to progress well, and we
have now executed actions allowing for the achievement of annual run rate expense synergies of at least
$400 million and annual run rate revenue synergies of at least $150 million that we have been targeting
exactly as we said we would do and despite the pandemic. We will continue to deliver additional expense
and revenue synergies over the coming periods as our efficiency efforts continue and we leverage the
collaborative growth opportunities across our businesses.

From a cash flow standpoint, we generated second quarter adjusted free cash flow of roughly $452 million
or a little over $1 billion through the first 6 months and continue to expect adjusted free cash flow in
excess of $2 billion for the year. We reinvested approximately $130 million in capital expenditures during
the quarter and continue to expect capital expenditures in the $500 million to $600 million range for the
full year.

In June, we successfully closed our acquisition of Zego, consistent with our expectations. And we expect
this business will contribute roughly $50 million of adjusted net revenue to our merchant segment in

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

2021. I would like to echo Jeff's excitement regarding the agreements we announced today to acquire
Bankia's payments businesses in Spain, and we expect these transactions to close in the fourth quarter.
Further, we remain on track to complete our purchase of Worldline's PAYONE business in Austria in the
second half of this year.

We are pleased to have continued to return cash to our shareholders this quarter with the repurchase of
1.5 million of our shares for approximately $290 million. Following our balanced deployment of capital
this quarter, we ended the period with roughly $3.3 billion of liquidity and a leverage position of roughly
2.6x on a net debt basis, which is flat from the last quarter as expected, and this leaves us with continuing
ample capacity going forward.

Based on our current expectations for the continued global recovery, we are again increasing our guidance
for adjusted net revenue to now be in a range of $7.7 billion to $7.73 billion, reflecting growth of 14% to
15% over 2020. We continue to expect adjusted operating margin expansion of up to 250 basis points
compared to 2020 levels on a stand-alone basis. As a reminder, Zego will be a modest headwind to the
upper bound of our margin target now that it is closed as it does not currently operate at our margin levels
despite having already achieved rule of 40 status.

At the segment level, we are increasing our expectations for Merchant Solutions adjusted net revenue
growth to be around 20% from high teens previously, which assumes the current pace of recovery
continues worldwide. This marks the second consecutive quarter that we have raised our outlook for our
merchant business.

We are also increasing our outlook for our issuer business and now expect growth to be in the low to mid-
single-digit range for 2021, up from our prior outlook of low single-digit growth. We continue to expect our
Business and Consumer segment to achieve mid- to high single-digit growth for the full year, consistent
with our long-term growth target for Netspend. As a reminder, we increased our guidance for this segment
on our first quarter earnings call in May despite lapping the impact of the 2020 CARES Act.

Moving to nonoperating items. We continue to expect net interest expense to be slightly lower in 2021
relative to 2020 while we anticipate our adjusted tax rate will be relatively consistent with last year.
Putting it all together, we are increasing our expected adjusted earnings per share for the full year to a
range of $8.07 to $8.20, reflecting growth of 26% to 28% over 2020. Our raised outlook presumes we
remain on a path to recovery worldwide over the balance of the year.

We look forward to updating you on our longer-term expectations for the business at our upcoming virtual
investor conference, which we will host on Wednesday, September 8. And with that, I'll turn the call back
over to Jeff.

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Thanks, Paul. As we look ahead to next month, it is worth reflecting on how much we have evolved our
business. Throughout much of the last 8 years, we have witnessed a multitude of new market entrants,
newly public companies, shifting modes of competition and macroeconomic cycles to numerous account.
Some said a number of times over the near last decade that our best days were behind us. The facts say
quite the opposite.

In fact, we have delivered the greatest value creation in our history during that period, and we believe
we are poised today to continue our track record of outperformance. The second quarter and our
raised guidance today are the most recent examples. Our rates of revenue growth and bookings trends
underscore sustained share gains despite managing through an unprecedented crisis. One proof point,
we now expect our U.S. payments business to roughly reach its original growth target for 2021 based on
2019 goals. In short, we grew right through the pandemic. More to follow in September.

The reasons for our success are straightforward. Our distinctive strategies, the technology investments we
have made over many years, the support of our market-leading partners and customers, our execution
consistency and the quality of our team members have allowed us to significantly expand our competitive
moat. As painful as it has been, COVID-19 has reaffirmed the wisdom of our long-held beliefs in the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

digitization of our businesses. We believe that the best is yet to come. You can judge that for yourselves
next month. Winnie?

Winnie Smith
Vice President of Investor Relations
[Operator Instructions] Thank you. Operator, we will now go to questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And your first question is from Vasu Govil with KBW.

Vasundhara Govil
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Great results here in the merchant segment particularly but actually across the board. So maybe to start
off, just as I'm looking at the merchant segment revenues relative to 2019, I think they're roughly 12%
higher. Could you talk about like what's driving that? Are you seeing a lot of pent-up demand among
consumers that's driving that type of growth? I'm just trying to gauge whether, as we go forward, this
type of growth rate could accelerate going forward if there's a lot of pent-up demand.

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

Visu, thanks for the comments. It's Cameron. I'll kick it off and maybe ask Paul to provide a little bit of
color as well. So I would say it's a few things, and I would start with just the efficacy of our strategy.
Obviously, the technology-enabled businesses that we've been investing in for the last 7, 8-plus years now
really continue to lead the way for growth across the business, including our integrated business which
grew 53% in the quarter and up 35% versus 2019 levels.

In addition, our e-comm and omni business grew well over 20% this quarter, again, topping performance
from last year where it also grew in the high teens level. So again, relative to 2019, continuing to see very
strong growth across the e-comm and omnichannels of the business. So for me, it's really the strategy
that we've been deploying that's driving growth. And I think we continue to see a lot of tailwinds in those
businesses looking forward through the balance of 2021 and heading into 2022 and beyond. Paul, I don't
know if you want to add any more specific comments on that.

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. I would just say, as we said in the press release, we're pleased so far with what we've seen in July as
well as it relates to kind of continuing improvement relative to 2019 really across the merchant segment.
The only other thing would be we were pleased to see the growth in the vertical markets when you're
talking about just the segment, the 30% improvement year-over-year in the vertical markets businesses.
So yes, I think that covers it.

Vasundhara Govil
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Got it. And just for my follow-up, I wanted to ask a capital allocation question. I saw that you guys raised
the share buybacks. So any color on whether you're expecting to do more buybacks versus M&A?

And on the M&A front, I know, historically, you've been focused on doing accretive deals. But given where
valuation for fintechs are, that seems to be becoming harder and harder. So just curious on your thoughts.
Would you be open to doing something that's revenue growth accretive but perhaps earnings dilutive at
this point if it makes sense for the long term? And if yes, like what are some of the areas that possibly
might make sense for you to do?

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. So this is Paul, and I'll cover the share repurchase and then maybe turn over to Jeff on the M&A
side. Yes, we did resize the share repurchase authorization due to the fact that we had made significant
purchases since our last authorization. And we've said all along, our preference is to allocate capital to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

M&A. When an M&A opportunity is not in front of us, we will deploy capital on share repurchase, and we
were very pleased to do so this quarter, much like we did last quarter.

So we do not have share repurchases in the guide as a go-forward matter for the back half of the year, but
we are always opportunistic as it relates to share repurchase. And so we want to make sure we have the
capacity to execute if we choose to do that. Jeff, you want to talk about the M&A side?

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Paul. So Vasu, on the second part of your second question, so we actually have been very
active on the M&A front in the last 6 months. I think with today's announcement with Bankia, we've
committed about USD 1.3 billion to M&A in the last 6 months while coming to about $1.5 billion on the
buyback. So as we said in the press release, I think we've been very balanced between the 2.

As we also said in the last quarter, Zego is a technology and software-driven business very consistent with
our strategy, particularly given the size of the real estate target addressable market. Notwithstanding
that, going back to the premise of your question, that deal was not dilutive. And I think we announced it
was immediately accretive. Although really no discernible impact on earnings, but nonetheless, it was not
dilutive.

We look at many things, so it's hard to say what we would or wouldn't do in the abstract. What I would
say is, since we've been running the company in the last 8 years, we've not done a dilutive deal. I don't
expect us to. That's not the mindset we have as shareholders and owners and managers of the business.
So I really don't expect our strategy to change.

Operator

Your next question is from Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi.

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Jeff, Cam and Paul, congratulations on the good results. I was kind of hoping -- coming out of the
pandemic or at least sort of lapping pandemic impacts, if you can kind of provide a breakdown of the
expectations, tech-enabled businesses 3Q versus 4Q. What do you see? What part of the recovery is
volume sensitive that's yet to come that benefits forward numbers, education, events, things like that?
Some quantification would be great on 3Q versus 4Q.

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes, Ashwin. I'll start off and maybe Cameron might want to add something as it relates to merchant.
But largely speaking, we're expecting roughly 3Q and 4Q to be largely similar across our businesses. As
we have said at the beginning of the year, we had expected the back half of the year to return to a much
more normal kind of state. And so clearly, there are some reopenings that will continue to benefit kind of
3Q into 4Q as countries around the world kind of reopen from some of the closures.

You're exactly right, Ashwin, as it relates to some of our vertical markets businesses. As I just
commented, we're very pleased with the growth we saw in 2Q, but we would see more meaningful growth
on those businesses in the back half of the year as we have more reopening and kind of more tailwind
kind of impact as it relates to those businesses. So yes, those would be the dynamics between kind of Q2,
Q3 to Q4 certainly in merchant.

And there wouldn't be anything I would necessarily call out across the other 2 businesses. Obviously, very
pleased to raise the revenue guide on our issuer business from low single digits to low to mid-single digit.
So it talks about kind of improving fundamentals in the back half of the year there and pretty static state
as it relates to our business in consumer once kind of the stimulus impact has been netted out of the first
half and going into the back half. Cameron, do you have anything to add?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

No, I think that covers it pretty well, Ashwin. I would only add just a couple of points. One is across the
technology-enabled businesses, as I mentioned previously, going to the first part of your question, we're
continuing to see very strong momentum in those businesses. As Paul highlighted, July sequentially is
better than June as a trend matter. So I think we feel good about how things are continuing to progress,
and those businesses are poised to continue to see strength in the back half of the year.

If you just look at the overall guide from the merchant segment, that roughly 20% growth in 2021 versus
2020, the back couple of quarters kind of have to be around that same level to make the averages work
for the whole year. So that gives you a sense as to how the business is performing, again, against tougher
comps in Q3 and Q4 than we certainly faced in the second quarter. So I think that should give you a little
bit of a sense as to the momentum that we have in those businesses.

To Paul's point around the vertical market businesses in particular, obviously, schools, once we get back
into, obviously, a normal school environment, hopefully quite high normal school environment here in
August and September, those businesses -- that business in particular is poised to see a rebound in the
back half of the year, as well as Active. ACTIVE has seen very strong booking trends. Many of those events
are occurring in the back half of 2021. So I think we feel very good about how that business is poised to
recover.

And again, AdvancedMD and TouchNet has continued to grow right through the pandemic, obviously a
double-digit pace throughout 2020 and 2021. So those businesses are obviously in a very healthy position
overall. But getting a nice tailwind from ACTIVE and schools in particular in the back half of the year will
help the vertical market business continue to recover as an overall matter.

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

That's all great to hear. The second thing I had was with regards to AWS. Obviously, great to see the
expansion of what you're doing with AWS. But on the Asia business, any update? Any metrics you can
provide that can be useful for investors as markers of the progress you're making on that?

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Yes, Ashwin. It's Jeff. I'll go ahead and answer that. Let me first start with Netspend, which is actually our
new announcement today. It follows a very similar, I think, format to the issuer announcement almost
exactly a year ago to the day. But the one thing I will point out is that -- in Netspend is that there's
primarily a focus on our part and Amazon's part on B2B distribution and I'd say in particular on program
management with the scale that we have directed at neobanks, fintechs and start-ups. So while it is a
similar template, it's a very targeted initiative, very much focused on B2B. And obviously, that's something
on September 8 at our Virtual Investor Day that we'll be talking a lot about.

In terms of your question on how we're doing on the issuers by book, we're really pleased. We disclosed
again yet today, as we have for really the last year plus, what our LOI pipeline looks like outside of
Amazon and with Amazon. I think what we said today is we have something like 20 letters of intent
with our colleagues over at AWS. And that's for the whole spectrum of potential issuers, again, including
neobanks, fintechs and start-ups as well as traditional financial institutions.

And to give an update there, the one we singled out in Asia is in testing already and is live on a beta basis
and we expect to be fully live by the end of this calendar year. And that -- to give you a sense of progress,
Ashwin, that 20, I think, is up from 4 at the end of calendar 2020. So we quintupled the number of LOIs
that we have with neobanks, fintechs, start-ups and financial institutions with AWS really in a 6 -- through
the end of second quarter, so kind of on a 6-month basis. So we couldn't be more pleased, and the fact
that we're doing more business with AWS now in the form of Netspend should be a recognition not just
internally but externally of how happy we are with how things are progressing.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Great. We'll look for the update at the Investor Day.

Operator

Your next question is from David Togut with Evercore ISI.

David Mark Togut
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Your merchant results really underscore the strength in the credit card business with credit really roaring
back in Q2, closing the gap with debit. And debit strength clearly was the kind of hallmark of COVID. As
you look forward, do you think strength in credit is really here to stay for the next year plus?

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

Yes, David. It's Cameron. I'll sort of kick off, and I'll ask Jeff and Paul to chime in if they have anything
they'd like to add. I think the short answer to your question is yes. I think credit card account growth is
as high as it's been, I think, since 2010. And obviously, on the heels of the pandemic, in a more normal
operating environment, we clearly see credit outperforming.

To your point, debit clearly outperformed in the midst of the pandemic. And by the way, a lot of that was
prepaid debit as stimulus was funded on those types of accounts. So a lot of the debit growth was prepaid.
But certainly, coming out of the pandemic, getting back to a normal operating environment, we would
expect credit to drive growth and really outperform. And I think we see a lot of tailwinds particularly for
our merchant business as a result of that, heading in the back half of 2021, into 2022 as a result of that.

And then of course, we see those same trends in our issuer business. I'll let Paul maybe touch a little bit
on the metrics that we're seeing there, but I'd say, overall, we feel good about the growth in credit. And
obviously, as we've talked about throughout the pandemic, our book in the merchant side is more skewed
towards credit, so that obviously provides a nice tailwind for the merchant business through the coming
years. Paul, do you want to touch on the issuer business?

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. So yes, as Cameron said, we did have good metrics as it relates to account growth on our
issuing business. We also saw very strong transactional growth in the issuing business as well, kind of
commensurate with the Visa, kind of some of the numbers that you saw out of credit there. So yes,
we're seeing very strong credit kind of dynamics in that issuing business, which I think underscores your
question and also Cameron's commentary on it.

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

Yes. I would just add, if you look at our merchant -- our pure merchant businesses globally, as Paul
highlighted in his script, I mean, they grew 46% in the second quarter. And I think that's versus worldwide
credit growth in Visa of roughly 35%. We're seeing, again, really nice tailwinds. I think it really is a result
of our differentiated technology-enabled strategy outsized growth relative to where we see the market
overall. So those trends are very positive, and obviously, it's something that gives us a lot of confidence in
the updated guide that we provided this morning.

David Mark Togut
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Appreciate that. Just as a follow-up, Jeff, you really underscored GPN's differentiation in your opening
remarks. I'm curious what you think about PayPal's new pricing model at physical point of sale, credit and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

debit card transactions with the rollout of Zettle. Do you see that being a significant competitive threat to
GPN? Or is PayPal too small at the physical POS?

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Yes, David. It's a great question. Let me just start by saying PayPal is a good partner of ours really, as
we said before, on both the TSYS side and the global side really around the world. So we've got a lot of
respect for PayPal. We think they're a terrific company.

As it relates specifically to iZettle at the physical point of sale, so iZettle has been in Europe for quite some
time, David. In fact, when PayPal did the deal, I think it was mostly all European. Now they've announced,
as you're implying, some migration to the United States. So our businesses in Europe -- let's just use
the U.K. and London as one specific example. iZettle has been there for some time, yet our business has
outperformed for many years throughout that period, both pre PayPal acquiring iZettle and post.

As it relates to the United States market, look, that market is competitive today. It was competitive
yesterday. It's going to be even more competitive tomorrow. Yet as Cameron rightly pointed out, our
growth in our U.S. business is just around the same growth as our worldwide acquiring business, around
46%. And it compares to Visa's and MasterCard's worldwide growth. It was like 35% for Visa and 33% for
Mastercard.

So whether iZettle was in Europe or iZettle was in North America, over the last number of years, it
certainly hasn't made anything like a dent in terms of our growth. And I think what we'll be talking about
next Monday at our virtual investor conference is the resilience of our business, our market share gains.
Some of that, as you rightly pointed out, was in our prepared remarks. But notwithstanding the coming
and going of many new [ smart ] competitors, our business has been resilient both pre pandemic and
post, and we'll take you through the math and why we think that's going to continue. So it's a great
company, but at the end of the day, I don't think that's [ important ] to our vision of our strategy, the one
I noted.

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

And David, it's Cameron. Just another point to add on top of that. If you look at growth in accounts in
our point-of-sale business in North America in the second quarter, it was up 100%. So notwithstanding
a competitive market across the point-of-sale distribution landscape, we continue to see great traction
with our point-of-sale solutions, particularly in restaurant, retail and obviously across the Vital platform.
So again, I think we feel very good about how our point-of-sale system is stacked up to compete in the
market today and the growth we're seeing.

David Mark Togut
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Understood. Congrats on the stong results.

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Thanks, David.

Operator

Your next question is from David Koning with Baird.

David John Koning
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Congrats. I guess my first question, when we think about kind of normalizing over time, we would
normally think 2022 merchant would be 130% to 135% of '19. And I guess I'm wondering, A, is that still
possible? You're at a nice trajectory. And maybe if you could bucket.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

What are the parts of the business that still have a lot of room to come back? What have some room to
come back? And what are already on -- like what percent are already on like a good traction? Because I
guess if we know there's a lot to still come back, we could kind of get to that 130% to 135%. So I guess
all those are kind of the questions around just recovery.

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

Yes, David. It's Cameron. Maybe I'll kick off and ask Paul to fill in some of the more explicit details. But
if I step back and kind of think about where we are today, if you look at our pure acquiring businesses
globally, they were up roughly 19% in the second quarter versus 2019 levels. In the U.S., that number
was 25%. So again, I think we feel from a pure acquiring standpoint, we're on a pretty good trajectory.

Now what still needs to come back to kind of get to '22 a more normalized rate of growth relative to 2019
or to say it differently, where we would have been absent the pandemic, well, Europe is growing relative to
2019, but it's certainly growing at a pace lower than that which we've seen in the U.S. market. So Europe
grew somewhere in the high single digits versus 2019 for the second quarter. So we still need a little more
tailwind from Europe fully recovering. As you know, the U.K. didn't open up until mid-July.

So as we get to the back half of the year, we're expecting to see a little more tailwind in Europe as it
relates to growth and particularly relative to 2019 trends. And then, of course, Asia, which is a small part
of the business but is still lagging relative to 2019 levels largely because many markets that continue to
struggle with the pandemic remain closed. And of course, cross-border activity in Asia is very depressed
and continues to be depressed because of the pandemic.

So as we think about 2022, we think the U.S. is on a pretty good trajectory to get back to something
reasonably close to what we would have been absent the pandemic, given the outsized growth and the
momentum we have in that business. We need Europe to continue to improve as the lockdowns end and
markets begin to reopen and you see more cross-border travel pick up. And then I'd say the same thing is
true for Asia just given where it sits relative to the pandemic.

I think the vertical markets are well poised to get back to reasonable levels compared to 2019 as we
continue to see, again, a recovery in schools and a recovery in ACTIVE in the back half of the year as
those markets in particular reopen. So Paul, I don't know if you'd add anything more to that, but I think
that gives a pretty good overview of the merchant business.

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

I think that sums it up good.

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

I think -- and I'd also just add on the issuer. So -- and Paul can comment here, too, Dave. But we
produced a fantastic quarter this quarter in issuer. But I would say, in particular, the non-U.S. businesses
echo a lot of what Cameron said. So we only recently -- which is to say really the second quarter heading
into July and continuing in July, we've only recently seen kind of a reopening for issuer purposes of a lot of
markets outside the United States. That will be a favorable comparison, to answer your question, for the
first half, obviously of next year.

And I'd add to that commercial card. So while commercial card, not surprisingly, is up versus '20, it's
really not up versus '19. So I think it's a pretty good picture, Dave, heading into '22 on the issuer side
as well because you do have those 2 elements of broader reopening outside the United States and
commercial card relative to '19 starting to normalize. That should be favorable tailwinds for the issuer
business.

And lastly, I'll say on issuer, we described again today as Ashwin asked, but those LOIs start to kick in
when you start getting into back half of 2022. We obviously also had announced Truist probably about 1.5
years ago now. I think we said at the time that's a back half of 2022 event, which we continue to believe.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

So I think you're going to get -- similar to comments that Cameron made on merchant, you are going to
get a nice tailwind heading into 2022 on issuer as well.

David John Koning
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Yes. I mean great momentum with a lot of room to grow still, which is great to hear. And I guess just my
follow-up, Zego. It looks like you paid almost $1 billion for acquisitions in Q2. I know you said $50 million
of revs in the back half, which is $100 million, I guess, run rate, so 10x revenue. Is that just growing at
just astronomical pace?

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Yes. David, it's Jeff. So I think you're missing one of our assets in there. So we also announced the
acquisition of PAYONE's Austrian business in Worldline in the second quarter. And then, obviously, today,
we announced Bankia as well. So I think what we said was the purchase price for Zego, just to get the
math right, was about $930 million. There's also about $100 million of tax assets. So that nets you down
about $825 million, Dave. So relative to the $100 million, we view it here as about 8x revenue.

Now having said that, at the end of the day, we do think it's a great business. I think Paul alluded to this
in his commentary. So if you think about it, it's already a rule of 40 growth and really beyond that. So
if you think about what we guided to when we did the deal at the time, kind of a double-digit organic
revenue growth rate with margins into the 20s. That's how you get to the rule of 40 number. So we think
very attractive on that basis, but we view it at closer to 8x rather than your -- notional 10 you mentioned.

Operator

Your next question is from James Faucette with Global Payments (sic) [ Morgan Stanley ].

James Eugene Faucette
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I'm actually with Morgan Stanley, just so everybody is clear. I wanted to just follow up on the acquisition
commentary. And there has been obviously inflation in valuations, and as Jeff said, he's still looking for
things to be accretive, et cetera, at least in a reasonable time frame. Is that causing you to look further
afield or look for acquisitions that are maybe more tangential to what you have done historically? And if
so, where are you seeing opportunities today? I think the ones that you've announced thus far, Zego and
PAYONE as well as Bankia today, are quite interesting, but I just want to understand more kind of the
mindset.

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Yes, James. It's Jeff. So no, we're not -- the answer to your question is no, we're not looking further afield.
We've got plenty of blue sky in front of us on our existing M&A strategy. We've spent -- as just referenced,
spent $1.3 billion, including today's Bankia announcements, on M&A in the last 6 months. We certainly do
look at -- and the economics obviously have worked out just fine, in response to Dave's question, too, just
a second ago. So I think we've got a flaming pipeline and certainly more for us to do.

We do balance though our view of M&A with where the capital markets are and what -- our view of
intrinsic value in our share price and everything else. So we have bought back about $1.5 billion of stock.
Obviously, not mutually exclusive. We did both at the same time, $1.5 billion and $1.3 billion. And we
just re-upped the authorization back to $1.5 billion. That's not in our guidance. Obviously, we balance our
view as to where we would like to be in terms of growth than anything else. But I think it's important to
consider that we think we're in a pretty healthy position heading into 2022 and the rest of '21 without
more deals. So we think we're kind of where we want to be.

As a strategy matter, I think we feel really kind of much the same. So there's plenty of stuff that we look
at. But I can't think of a deal that we didn't do, James, because we said, gee, it's too expensive or it's not

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

accretive enough or those other things. If we can't add more value as a strategic buyer with the things
that we're doing in terms of revenue, margin, earnings, then we're just not going to do it. I don't think it's
a function of valuation so much as a function of our view of where we are in the strategy and our view of
where the market is.

James Eugene Faucette
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

That's great color. Appreciate it, Jeff. And going back to kind of current market conditions. Cameron, you
gave really good color in terms of the different geographies, et cetera. I'm just wondering if you're seeing
any fluctuations in activity related to the Delta variant and if -- and how much you can isolate maybe to
whether those variances, if there are any, are coming from regulation and policy versus just underlying
consumer behavior. Hopefully, that makes sense. So I'm trying to figure out whether -- how much policy
may be impacting spending trends versus just the Delta variant itself.

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

Yes, James. It's Cameron, and I'll comment on that. So as you think about the comments we made earlier
as it relates to July, we did see sequential improvement in July relative to June. So I think we still feel very
good about the momentum of the recovery overall.

To be very clear, I don't think we've seen any real impact yet from the Delta variant. Obviously, we're
monitoring it very closely, and it's a fluid environment. But I would say, sitting here today, based on data
that we have through the end of last week, the volume trends, again, for July were an improvement over
what we saw in June sequentially. In most of the markets around the globe in which we operate and
particularly now in markets where we're seeing a reopening that's more recent, the U.K., Canada, for
example, obviously, I think they're poised to see stronger volume recoveries as we enter the back half of
the year.

So look, I don't think there's a lot of appetite for more widespread lockdowns, particularly here in the
U.S., as it relates to the Delta variant. Markets outside of the U.S. may react differently, but again, for our
business, those are going to be relatively small impacts. We're most focused on the U.S. as 75% of our
business. And I'd say, thus far, we haven't really seen any discernible impact, but it is something that we
continue to monitor very closely through the balance of the year.

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

I think as what Cameron said, James, it's Jeff, is that if you, at the end of the day, said that -- the non-
U.S. markets, which he's kind of alluded to, about 25% of the company, and also in response to Dave
Koning's question, if those reach the level of recovery that the U.S. market saw, that's probably a couple
of hundred basis points of incremental revenue growth over time that you could see. And those, as
Cameron described, were not there really in the second quarter, and I mentioned the same thing really on
the issuer side. So we'll see how that plays out over time.

Operator

Your next question is from Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Yes. Just a quick clarification. Just the 2 points of revenue raise, can you break that up between,
obviously, the quarter upside, the deals and then just the cyclical piece? I just want to make sure I
covered that.

And then on Bankia, just -- I'm guessing this is the same playbook as Caixa. And I know that did very,
very well for you. Just curious if there's any difference philosophically there.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. So maybe I'll take the first one and then turn it over to Jeff for the second one. So if you think about
the -- or Cameron for the second one. If you think about the guidance raise, obviously, we commented
on the close of Zego. So we said that's roughly $50 million as it relates to the back half of the year.
So that's kind of the first section of the guidance raise. And then the second section would be both the
overperformance in Q2 as well as continued kind of better performance in the back half, which underpin
the guidance raise as it relates to the segment on the issuing side as well as merchant.

So those would be the 2 components. There's a little bit of FX headwind relative to the back half versus
the first half on a realized basis. We also don't have the same kind of stimulus impact in the first half
versus the second half. But those would be the 2 components: the Zego of roughly $50 million and then
the remaining piece of that is the performance.

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

And Tien-Tsin, it's Cameron. As it relates to Bankia, I think the short answer to your question is yes, the
exact same playbook that we've executed with Caixa and our Comercia joint venture over the last decade
plus now. Obviously, we continue to be very excited about the Spanish market. It is one of the most
attractive markets in Europe. Frankly, it's one of the most attractive markets globally.

Just to give you a little bit of color. That market grew -- the domestic volume in Spain, as a volume
matter, grew 30% in the second quarter and 15% over 2019, again, despite continued, obviously,
restrictions throughout the country as a result of the pandemic. So the underlying secular trends in Spain
remain incredibly attractive, which makes the timing for the Bankia acquisition particularly attractive for us
as well.

Bankia consists of about 100,000 predominantly small to medium-sized merchants, although they do
venture more into the wires category as well. But I think the interesting thing about the Bankia portfolio
is it's more skewed towards domestic volume. So again, I think it's a really attractive addition to our
Comercia joint venture. That's going to allow us, again, to further expand distribution in this very
attractive market and gives great cross-sell opportunities for the differentiated technology solutions we
have in the Comercia joint venture today. So we're delighted to be able to announce that this morning,
and a nice addition to our European business.

Operator

Your last question is from Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays.

Benjamin Elliot Budish
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

This is Ben on for Ramsey. I wanted to follow up on something you mentioned at the beginning of the
call on the issuer business. I think you mentioned some of the newer like potential deals are with some
kind of like newer entrant fintechs. I'm just kind of wondering, are those the kind of deals that as you've
discussed before, you perhaps might not have gotten without the AWS partnership? And what sort of
capabilities do they require that may be different from your traditional issuing business?

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Yes, it's Jeff. So the answer is yes. I think the key thesis behind the partnership with AWS just almost
a year ago to the day now was first really just to modernize the architecture and technology. And as
we've said in response to Ashwin's question, that's actually gone very well. And the second piece was the
distribution. So of those 20 LOIs that we have pending with AWS, a number of those are with neobanks,
fintechs and start-ups. And you're right, I don't think we would have been -- we would not be in the
position we are today, I think, without that. And I would also say more broadly, if you back up, just our

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

general shift from cloud-enabled technologies initially into cloud-native technologies is just selling very
well with institutions of all sizes, including neobanks and fintechs, start-ups and the like.

The second thing I'd say, you saw in our announcement the expansion of our AWS relationship today into
Netspend. But whether it's at the issuing business or at the Netspend business, we're very focused on
program management. So to answer your second question, I think we need to be more vocal on program
management. I think historically, most of the revenue -- the growth that we get in the issuing business is
really with financial institutions and generally inside the United States, North America and Western Europe,
larger financial institutions. Key focal point of ours pre and now, of course, post AWS, both at Netspend as
well as issuer, is on program management. That's a key part of the relationship with AWS going forward
on the new partnership we announced today. So I would look for us to do more there, and we'll share
more detail with you next month on September 8.

Benjamin Elliot Budish
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Great. And if I could ask just one quick follow-up on kind of Netspend as we're discussing it. Any update
on the MoneyToPay business? And any potential synergies between Netspend or how that kind of fits into
the AWS partnership?

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Yes. It's Jeff. I'll go ahead and start, and Cameron can join too. So we really got 3 legs of the stool of
our strategy in Netspend. First is ongoing digitization. And I think Netspend had pre pandemic a pretty
good digital footprint. And no surprise to anyone [ on the phone ], the pandemic has really accelerated
that. And I would say kind of high 20s, 30% of interactions today with consumers with Netspend are done
online, buying a card online, spending with the card online. And we certainly expect AWS, of course, to
continue to accelerate that given their footprint.

The second is what I just described in response to your first question, which is really B2B and program
management. But I'd be remiss if I didn't mention it also includes [ inlay dash ] to access paycards and
our tips solutions. So those are all obviously also in play on B2B.

And the third leg of the stool is really what we get at most narrowly, which is internationalization. So
a piece of that is MoneyToPay. The second piece, we announced today with Bankia because that also
includes a prepaid business, a debit business as well.

And the short answer to your question is it's gone really well. Our thesis on internationalization is -- given
who Global Payments is, the 38 countries we operate in particularly on the acquiring side as well as the
relationships we have in those markets, a great example is Continental Europe with Spain, it allows us
uniquely to expand what was really a U.S.-only business, which it is today for Netspend and for some
of the competitors, and really bring it overseas. And now that we're approaching 9 or 10 months post
the initial closing of the MoneyToPay JV with Caixa, I can tell you that we're running ahead of what we
expected. I think our thesis that we can bring our management, our products, our technologies to those
markets has rung true.

The thesis that those markets are under-penetrated relative to the United States is also true. We have
seen some benefit there on government spending, too, as we all kind of emerge from the pandemic, not
just here in the United States but overseas. So it's really working out better than we hoped, and we're
really pleased to be where we are, especially with the kind of partners that we have.

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

The only thing I would add to that is the AWS partnership on the Netspend side makes it easier for us
to obviously bring our technology capabilities to markets like Spain, where we've been delighted, to just
point, with the performance of MoneyToPay thus far and obviously, look forward to adding the Bankia
prepaid business into that business for us as well. So as we move forward in time, with AWS, it makes

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

it easier to bring technology, product capability to the markets outside of the U.S. as we continue the
internationalization strategy for the Netspend business.

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

On behalf of Global Payments, thank you for joining us on the call this morning.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

