The Gap, Inc. NYSE:GPS
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, August 27, 2020 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

(0.40)

(0.01)

Revenue  (mm)

2916.33

3275.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-26-2020 9:08 PM GMT

NM

12.30

0.24

(2.13)

1.07

3638.24

13067.82

14910.37

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.51

0.41

(0.64)

(0.40)

0.53

0.58

(1.08)

(0.01)

3.92 %

41.46 %

NM

NM

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
THE GAP, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 27, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Tina Romani
Senior Director of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Alexandra E. Walvis
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Dana Lauren Telsey
Telsey Advisory Group LLC

Paul Lawrence Lejuez
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Irwin Bernard Boruchow
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Sarah Goldberg
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Susan Kay Anderson
B. Riley Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Janet Joseph Kloppenburg
JJK Research Associates, Inc.

Jungwon Kim
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Kate Bridget Fitzsimons
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Kimberly Conroy Greenberger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Lorraine Corrine Maikis
Hutchinson
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Matthew Robert Boss
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

THE GAP, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 27, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Christie, and I will be your conference operator today.
At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Gap, Inc. Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call.
[Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded.

And at this time, I would like introduce your host, Tina Romani, Head of Investor Relations.

Tina Romani
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Gap Inc.'s Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Before
we begin, I'd like to remind you that the information made available on this webcast and conference call
contains forward-looking statements. For information on factors that could cause our actual results to
differ materially from the forward-looking statements as well as the description and reconciliation of the
non-GAAP financial measures, as noted on Page 2 of the slide supplementing our remarks, please refer to
today's earnings press release as well as our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on June 9,
2020, and our subsequent filings with the SEC, all of which are available on gapinc.com. These forward-
looking statements are based on information as of August 27, 2020, and we assume no obligation to
publicly update or revise our forward-looking statements.

Joining me on the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Sonia Syngal; and Chief Financial Officer, Katrina
O'Connell. As mentioned, we will be using slides to supplement our remarks, which you can view by going
to the Investors section on gapinc.com.

With that, I'd like to turn it over to Katrina.

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Tina, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. The COVID pandemic has been
challenging for everyone, including impacting the Gap Inc. business, as I'll discuss in a moment. But more
importantly, I want to acknowledge the tremendous effect that this has had on everyone's lives from
a health, economic and social standpoint. At Gap Inc., we believe strongly in leading with our values,
especially at this time of need for so many people. We hope you and your families are well and healthy,
particularly as we recognize the continuing challenges we all face.

For today's call, I'm going to start with a review of the company's second quarter performance, followed
by our thoughts on the remainder of fiscal year 2020. Following that, Sonia will share her perspective, and
then we'll open it up for Q&A.

Before I jump into our second quarter results, I want to share thoughts on the transition from the first
quarter to the second quarter. We've been highly focused on executing steps to ensure liquidity for the
company, including addressing the challenges of widespread store closures. We also recognize we had an
opportunity to drive growth focused -- through focused investments and by leveraging our best-in-class
capabilities to return the company to improved sales performance and margin improvement. I'm pleased
to say we delivered on this in second quarter. So I'd like to touch on a few highlights.

First, driven by the performance of our 3, soon-to-be 4, iconic billion-dollar-plus brands, in combination
with the many steps taken across the organization in support of cash preservation and liquidity, we
had the best second quarter of operating cash flow in at least 5 years. This has put the company in an
excellent financial position.

Second, our teams remain focused on driving the fundamentals of the business while also taking
aggressive steps to support the company's financial stability in the midst of COVID-19. Our online sales
grew 95% compared to Q2 2019, supporting our customers' choice to shop our brands in the channel

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

THE GAP, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 27, 2020

platform or format where they're most comfortable. And we've reopened about 90% of our stores,
providing safe places for our consumers to shop in person or curbside for the products they love. We also
significantly improved our inventory position following a turbulent first quarter marked by store closures,
and we now have inventory levels that more closely align with customer demand.

And lastly, while discussions with landlords continue, I'm pleased with the progress we've made towards
our goal of a more profitable store fleet. We'll provide an update today, but we also look forward to
sharing a broader, longer-term update with you during our virtual investor meeting on October 22.

Now let me turn to our results in the second quarter. Total company net sales were down 18%,
representing a significant improvement versus the preceding quarter. Online sales increased 95%, which
modestly benefited from shipment timing, offset by 48% decline in store sales, reflecting store closures
that began in Q1, followed by meaningfully improved results as stores reopened over the course of the
quarter. It's worth noting the company delivered a positive 13% comp in the quarter, supported by our
scaled online business, which represented roughly half of our sales this quarter. In particular, Old Navy
and Athleta continue to outperform as customers respond positively to their strong product offerings and
relevant marketing messages.

Second quarter gross margin was 35.1%, down 380 basis points compared to last year. This reflects
270 basis points of deleverage in merchandise margin as well as 110 basis point deleverage in rent
and occupancy driven by a decrease in net sales largely due to store closures as a result of COVID-19.
Merchandise margins reflect an unfavorable impact of higher shipping costs in support of online sales,
partially offset by product margin expansion due to lower discounting in response to strong demand for
our products across nearly all of our brands.

As we noted last quarter, we service a meaningful portion of our online orders through stores, which is
a more expensive fulfillment option to support customer demand. As we look ahead, we've now better
aligned our inventory to the elevated demand in our online channel. With that shift of inventory by
channel, we expect shipping expense, while still higher than last year with continued growth in the
channel, to moderate somewhat in the second half of the year.

Before I touch on SG&A expense and the rest of second quarter results, let me update you on our focus to
improve the profitability of our store fleet. As you know, we're committed to the rationalization of our Gap
and Banana Republic store fleets as we look to improve the profitability of those brands. While landlord
negotiations are ongoing, we currently expect to close over 225 Gap and Banana Republic stores globally
on a net basis in 2020, ahead of our previous expectations with line of sight to additional store closures in
2021. During our virtual investor meeting in October, we'll be able to provide you with a further update,
but all said, I feel very good about our progress here.

Second, while we paused rent payments on store locations that were required to be closed due to the
COVID pandemic, something we shared with you last quarter, we continue to reflect full rent expense on
all stores in our financial statements as required by accounting practice. We continue to negotiate with our
landlords to improve economics for all parties. To date, we've negotiated agreements on a number of our
leases and more agreements are anticipated over the next several months.

Turning to SG&A. SG&A in the quarter declined by roughly $200 million driven primarily by reduced store
payroll and other store expenses related to closures. This included investing in in-store safety measures,
something we led the industry in as we welcomed our customers back to our stores. As a percentage of
sales, SG&A was 32.9% or 110 basis points higher than the year ago quarter, as expense reduction was
more than offset by lost sales from COVID-related store closures. So from an EBIT standpoint, with our
improved sales performance versus the first quarter and tight expense control, the company delivered
second quarter operating income of $73 million or 2% of sales.

As discussed during our first quarter earnings call, the company redeemed the $1.25 billion in unsecured
notes due to mature in 2021 as part of a refinancing, reflecting the issuance of $2.25 billion of senior
secured notes. In retiring the 2021 notes, the company incurred a $58 million make-whole premium. This
charge is nonrecurring and classified as a loss on extinguishment of debt on the income statement. Aside
from the nonrecurring charge, second quarter net interest expense was $56 million, reflecting increased

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

THE GAP, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 27, 2020

interest expense as a result of our new financing. We expect net interest of approximately $55 million per
quarter on a go-forward basis.

The effective tax rate for the quarter was negative 51%, which reflects changes in the estimated benefit
associated with the enactment of the CARES Act due to the company's strong performance in the second
quarter and the impact from the geographical mix of pretax earnings. Our year-to-date effective tax
rate was 23.5%, which represents a more normalized rate, given the impact of earnings variability
and the CARES Act benefit on the second quarter. Earnings per share was a loss of $0.17, a significant
improvement from the first quarter.

Turning to the balance sheet. On a reported basis, we ended the quarter with inventory down about
4%. Recall, as part of a disciplined approach to managing inventory in the face of uncertain demand, we
implemented a pack-and-hold inventory approach, whereby select summer product is being held and
will be released during next year's selling season. As a result, pack-and-hold inventory will remain in our
reported inventory numbers until the same time next year. End-of-quarter inventory, excluding pack and
hold, was down about 10%. Looking ahead, we continue to expect inventory, excluding pack and hold, to
be down mid-single digits for the remainder of the year.

Let me turn to cash flow. As we discussed last quarter, fundamentally, Gap Inc. is a strong cash flow
generator with over 10-plus consecutive years of at least $1 billion of operating cash flow. Our second
quarter operating cash flow is a testament to the cash generating power of our business. While we took
important steps to preserve liquidity, as outlined last quarter, the strong cash generation we saw in the
second quarter was largely a result of improved sales performance. Overall, with new financing plus strong
operating results, we ended the quarter with a cash balance of $2.2 billion.

Year-to-date capital expenditures were $208 million. For the full year, we continue to expect capital
expenditures of approximately $300 million with the majority of spend oriented towards technology
and supply chain investments that support changing customer shopping habits and are aligned with our
strategic intent to create a seamless journey for our customer across any touch points that she engages
with, whether in our stores, on our sites, using our app or through social media.

And lastly, before I turn it over to Sonia, let me give you some thoughts on the remainder of the year.
Given the high level of uncertainty in the current environment, we're not providing a fiscal year net sales
or earnings outlook at this time. However, to be helpful, let me provide some thoughts on the back half.

First, we expect net sales to continue to improve versus the second quarter, reflecting meaningful online
sales growth coupled with continued recovery following the reopening of our stores. We expect our sales
performance to be fueled by continued strength at Old Navy and Athleta, partially offset by revenue loss
from strategic closures of unprofitable stores as well as the potential for continued weakness of Banana
Republic.

Second, as it relates to expenses, it's important to note that we will continue to face higher operating
costs as we serve our customers during the pandemic. In particular, we're now applying our best-in-class
store safety measures to our largely reopened fleet, resulting in meaningfully higher store expenses than
the first half. In addition, we continue to expect higher shipping expenses as online growth is expected to
outpace last year. And lastly, we are strategically investing in marketing behind our brands as we focus on
gaining share in this disruptive environment and at a time when trusted brands matter.

As we look to the back half and beyond, we remain committed to amplifying our distinct advantages and
scale to capture demand and gain share, including leveraging our scaled and advantaged omni capabilities
across our stores and e-commerce, harnessing the power of our brand and enviable customer file to drive
loyalty, engagement and frequency, leading to our values at a time when trust matters and continuing
execution of our initiatives to drive profitable growth through streamlining our operating model and fleet
optimization. We look forward to discussing more with you at our investor meeting in October.

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Sonia.

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

THE GAP, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 27, 2020

Thank you, Katrina. Couldn't ask for a better partner, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm back to speak
with all of you today in a very different position than last quarter. We began Q2 with all North America
stores closed to customers, and we ended the quarter growing sales and improving profitability. As we
pivot to offense, I'm encouraged by 3 things. First, fundamentally, our business is healthy, and I'm proud
of what the teams delivered in Q2. I'll share more on this shortly. Second, despite uncertainty ahead,
I'm confident that our unique strength, our powerful brands, our size and scale, our relevant product and
our omni capabilities are helping us win now and will position us well for the back half and will support
this company in any environment going forward. This is important as it will allow us to take share as
the apparel market reshapes itself. And third, the long-term potential for Gap Inc. and our brands is
significant. We've been highly focused on crystallizing our strategy and plans for value creation, which we
will look forward to sharing with you in October.

So let me touch on each of these. We feel great about our performance in Q2 and our customers' loyalty
to our powerful purpose-driven brands. I'm really proud of our teams for rising to the challenge by
relentlessly driving for growth, making opportunistic moves in crisis and tightly managing cash flow to
build financial resilience. This showed up in our top line with online sales nearly doubling versus last year
driven in part by year-over-year growth in our active and fleet businesses, which in Q2 make up about
24% of total sales. We won in the value space with Old Navy, and we won in the premium space with
Athleta in this very important category.

At the same time, we strategically walked away from unprofitable sales by choosing not to reopen select
Gap and Banana Republic stores as part of our ongoing fleet restructure. I am impressed with how
quickly the teams moved across every aspect of our business. We launched new digital capabilities and
shipping scale, safely reopened nearly the entire fleet of North America stores, and we pivoted to relevant
marketing led by our value and chasing into product our customers want now.

So we enter the back half in great shape and understanding it will be unpredictable still with opportunities
to grow sales, improve margin and invest in the business. With the back half comes back to school, which
looks different for many family this school year. What hasn't changed is the family ritual of shopping
for supplies and cool clothes to allow kids to feel their best whether they're learning at home or socially
distanced in a classroom.

Since our brand's historically casual, active and relevant, we have the assortment that is needed in any
learning scenario. We expect back-to-school season to extend over a longer period, and we're ready to
deliver for our customers online or safely in stores whenever they're ready to shop. In a rapidly changing
environment, we are playing to our strengths, focusing on the key advantages where we can differentiate
and compete to win now and in the future.

I'd like to talk for a minute now about our purpose-driven lifestyle brands, the backbone of how we meet
customers' needs and ultimately create value for investors. And the connection that our customers have
to our brands is strong and something we plan to amplify. First, Old Navy, representing more than 50%
of sales, Old Navy is democratizing style, offering customers trend right fashion in the value space and
growing market share in core categories like active and fleece, lounge and kids and baby. As customers
return to stores, traffic in the brand's off-mall strip real estate locations, which make up approximately
75% of the fleet, ramps more quickly than other formats and continues to be an advantage. They
dominated in online, and customers responded strongly to the marketing strategy to pivot to focus on
brand values through the We Are We TV spot and greater investment in digital channels to drive traffic.

Next, Gap. Gap maintained strong emotional connection to its customers with its legacy of bridging gaps
between individuals, generations and cultures. As our second largest brand, there is demand for this
brand, and we are committed to growing relevance and further reach through partnerships, licensing and
a greater focus on online. Gap brand is maximizing online demand through fresh energetic marketing and
a decrease in discounting, and the customer is responding.

Athleta, our fastest growing brand, is clearly established as a lifestyle brand in a growing athleisure
market and is extending its reach to women and girls through female empowerment, new experiences and
storytelling that meet customers where they are. Through a focus on digital marketing investments, the
team unlocked significant momentum in new customer acquisition during the quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

THE GAP, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 27, 2020

And Banana Republic has the potential to take share in a rapidly evolving marketplace by delivering
accessible luxury. While disadvantaged in the short-term due to the shift towards casual fashion as people
are working from home, the team is adjusting assortments quickly and pivoting storytelling with elevated
product photography to drive online improvements. Longer term, we believe Banana Republic has a place
to redefine workwear or work leisure in a post-COVID work environment.

Together, our brands are well positioned across age, gender, occasion and life stage, and each brand must
deliver products and services that contribute meaningfully to our customers' lives through the strength of
customer relationships. This is the cornerstone of how we will extend and monetize our brands.

Another way we differentiate is through direct customer relationships. We have 60 million known active
customers and a total customer file of 170 million, which we use to connect with our customers every day
to increase our ability to tailor experiences, content and product through a personalized journey. We're
excited to extend our loyalty program in September, a capability that we will enhance and build over time
and one that is key to deepening our customer relationship and inviting more loyalists to fall in love with
our brand.

We are also expanding our reach to address market share opportunities, like Old Navy's recent tween
launch with POPSUGAR and the extension of Gap Teen with a new collection for boys in Q2. And we're
excited about Gap brand's upcoming easy assortment, which is another example of leveraging our brand
power to reach new customer segments.

Next, our expansive online business and omni capabilities. Our unique scale across all digital platforms and
in our stores gives us advantage to deliver seamless experiences to our customers no matter where they
choose to engage and shop. And we will bolster this with the addition of 2 payment options, PayPal and
Afterpay, which we will launch this fall. We're positioning our brands to be digitally led, and we're seeing
that play out in our results even as stores reopened. In fact, during the quarter, we're proud to say that
we added 3.5 million new online customers. And in the midst of strong online growth, our stores matter,
serving as an extension of our e-commerce experience and key to building customer relationships and
community.

At the end of Q2, we had activated curbside pickup and Buy Online Pickup in Store across 1,500 plus Old
Navy, Athleta, Banana Republic stores, and as of this week, Gap brand is now live with this capability.
We know the value of our multichannel customers. Of our 1.8 million multichannel customers in Q2, 30%
of them had only shopped with us in 1 channel prior to this. We can grow in each of these channels by
differentiating our experience at the intersection of both, and we are focused on growing our customer and
online talent in order to do this.

Crucial to our success is relevant product. With an average customer review of 4.5 out of 5 stars, our
style, quality and fit are resonating with customers, which allow us to have greater pricing authority
resulting in less discounting. The casualization of American style, particularly in light of COVID-19, has
played to our strength, fueling our actives and fleece and kids and baby business, which represent nearly
3 billion and nearly 4 billion last year, respectively. Going forward, we see room to grow share in these
categories even after the pandemic.

And we can't talk about products without talking about masks and our commitment to encouraging health
and safety. We sold about $130 million in masks in Q2 through compelling consumer marketing and digital
storytelling that has us ranked as the #1 Google Search result for face mask style guide as well as an
aggressive B2B business launch. The work the team has done to straighten up this business, creating
brand right designs that our customers love, continually improving them and scaling the business is the
ultimate example of how we want to operate as a culture, chasing big audacious idea with speed and
clarity, all with the customer at the heart of our decisions.

Which brings me to our lean operations. Our advantage across supply chain, sourcing, fulfillment, real
estate and technology enable us to unlock economies of scale unlike others. It is this scale that allows
us to reopen our -- nearly our entire fleet of North American stores with a safe retailing playbook, which
is helping define the gold standard in our industry. We can get leaner, and as Katrina mentioned, we are
making progress in optimizing our cost structure, particularly as it relates to our store fleet.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

THE GAP, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 27, 2020

And lastly, leading with our values. The past few months have highlighted the importance of companies
with authentic values as consumers have become more in tune with how their personal values align with
brands that they love. We've always strived to be a company where everyone is welcome, leading on
issues like gender representation and pay quality, and our brands are positioned to stand out in front on
these issues. We are fostering a culture where every employee has a strong appetite to win and to learn,
and I see the team raising the bar here. I couldn't be happier with what I'm seeing. It is this that will allow
us to build a larger platform, a larger business from which we can proudly share our values.

So as we look to refashion Gap Inc. for the future, leveraging the power of our brands and leaning on
these key differentiators, that's what's going to fuel our success. Now since taking the seat in March, the
management team and I have been crystallizing our long-term strategic view of the company, and we look
forward to sharing our plans for value creation with Gap for Gap Inc. going forward at our virtual investor
meeting on October 22.
So with that, I think we will open it up for Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

THE GAP, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 27, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson from Bank of
America.

Lorraine Corrine Maikis Hutchinson
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I'd like to follow up on your comments on fulfillment costs and just see if you could parse out a little more
detail on how you're thinking about this in the back half, where you think these fulfillment costs will go
and then anything you've heard from some of your key carriers around peak holiday surcharges.

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Lorraine, it's Katrina. So thanks for asking that question. We had a very unique dynamic in our second
quarter around fulfillment costs, which was we -- as you saw, we got a 95% growth in our online sales,
and certainly, we hadn't planned the inventory in our online distribution center to fuel that level of growth.
And so the increase in fulfillment costs that we saw in the second quarter was a combination of both of the
increase of the penetration of online to the business. But also the fact that we were shipping a lot of the
demand to fuel that 95% growth from our stores. And when we send the inventory from stores, which is
actually existing given the fact that our stores were ramping up and we were looking to ensure we were
clearing that inventory and also servicing demand, it does result in some inefficiencies like split shipments
and more expensive processing. So that weighed on the margin that we got in our second quarter.

As we think about the back half of the year, certainly, we expect that we'll continue to have higher
shipping because we expect our online business to continue to grow year-over-year. But because we've
been able to now learn from second quarter and better invest our inventories back into our online DCs, we
expect that a lot of the inefficiencies from shipping from store will go away and that it'll be -- that part of
it will be more normalized.

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Let me just add a little bit about the carriers. And what I will say is our teams have built multiyear,
long-standing, deep partnerships with the top carriers, and we stand with -- among the biggest of their
customers. We understand the dynamic is shifting, certainly in the industry, but we believe we have a
position of strength due to our scale, our differentiated scale and a multiyear relationship, where we help
our carriers also develop new capabilities that they may be interested in doing and vice versa. So we
believe it's a synergistic partnership that will play well for us, and the scale is an advantage for us.

Operator

And our next question comes from Paul Lejuez from Citi.

Paul Lawrence Lejuez
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Paul Lejuez. Curious if you could talk about the progression of the Old Navy results during the quarter. And
you mentioned off-mall locations performing strongly, it'll maybe -- curious if you saw the same sort of
dynamic in the other concepts. And also just curious on the stores that you didn't reopen. What was the
cash cost to get out of those leases?

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

THE GAP, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 27, 2020

So as it relates to Old Navy, as we think about the performance in the second quarter, the dynamic is very
similar to the dynamic we had described on our first quarter call, which is Old Navy really performs the
best in seeing the traffic rebound but given the nature of the fleet. And then as you can imagine, Banana
Republic really performed the worst, and that's a combination of their locations but mostly the fact that
we're working through a pivot in their assortment to be more relevant in this COVID world where work
needs to be redefined, as Sonia talked about. So I would say that continues to be the dynamic and Gap
and Athleta sort of in the middle.

And then as it relates to the store closures, we haven't yet discussed an amount. We're still deep in
negotiations on those, and so that will be -- we were trying to be helpful by providing the number of
stores we now have line of sight closing, both this year and next. And then we will give you an update
on the full financial impact of that as well as the savings associated with that once we get to our October
event.

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Let me just add a little bit about Old Navy. With net sales down 5%, considering stores -- the
majority of the fleet was closed for -- in the range of 4 to 6 weeks, it's really impressive results, and it
shows the strength of the brand and the momentum that built as the quarter progressed. So I'll just add
that -- that the dominance of the online business, as reported, growing 136%, coupled with the pent-
up demand that our stores saw, our customers really wanted to engage and were ready to shop with us
based on mall locations, based on strength of branded product. So I think that we won on both fronts, and
we're pleased with that.

Certainly, the Net Promoter Scores that we saw in our stores as we reopened was a major advantage for
us in our stores, and maybe we saw double digit compared to last year's customer experience. And so
that was -- I think some of our customers really valued the safe shopping environment. They valued the
engagement, the experience that they had, and I think shopping continues to be that very, very important
ritual.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Kimberly Greenberger from Morgan Stanley.

Kimberly Conroy Greenberger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great. I understand that you, under normal circumstances, don't provide sort of the current tone of
business; and for understandable reasons, we're all just sort of operating in an environment that's so
uncertain. So I'm wondering if there's perhaps either some month-to-month commentary in the second
quarter or maybe in August. Any color on August or just what you're seeing here in the third quarter that
could help us at least try to put together the puzzle pieces of thinking about what the trajectory of the
business looks like from here?

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Certainly, the first half was volatile, as you said, and there was quite a bit going on. And we still do
expect a little bit of unpredictability in the short term, but we enter the back half in good shape and with
momentum. We have strong financial liquidity to invest in the brand. We have the opportunity to grow
sales, improve margin and invest in the business, and we expect year-over-year sales performance to
continue to improve versus the second quarter.

And the reasons why we believe this is of our unique strengths. We have our purpose-led lifestyle brands.
And in times of uncertainty, brands matter, and we're seeing that from our customers. We have size and
scale, which plays out on multiple fronts and our omni capabilities. So we believe we're advantaged to
compete as we move into the second half.

Katrina O'Connell
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

THE GAP, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 27, 2020

Executive VP & CFO

And then, Kimberly, I think I would add, the cadence in the second quarter is helpful. From a storage
standpoint, as you remember, we were still reopening stores really starting in May into June, and we
weren't fully at 90% open until, I guess, late June and then July, and now we're fully 90% open. So we
have the dynamic of stores opening.

The good news is our online business, I think you remember, we said online was up 100% in May and then
we reported online up 95%, and so online, while benefiting a little bit in May from some shipping backlog,
really stayed strong as we reopened our stores, which we believe is a good sign of how the customer is
responding to our brands and products.

And then as it relates to some of the net sales performance, I would say there's nothing else really to
report with June and July sort of about the same, and so that's sort of how the quarter played out. And
then I think you heard in the prepared remarks how Sonia was describing back to school, but it really is
very different dynamic, where we're just -- we didn't see the peaks in Q2 that we normally see Memorial
Day and July 4. People are just not shopping that way right now. It's a very smoothed out curve of how
things are happening, but we still have confidence that people are shopping for those occasions, just
shopping differently.

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I mean we believe the demand will be there. Back-to-school is that family ritual. Families buy school
supplies. They buy cool clothes to give kids confidence. And whether they're learning at home or at school,
we win in casual, active and relevant products, so having the assortment that's needed in any learning
scenario, we feel confident in that. And we've added to that with Gap Teen, GapKids, BE THE FUTURE as
well as Old Navy POPSUGAR collection.

And look, everything has changed in this environment, and things are definitely playing out differently
around the world. That said, we have the right to play and win in this space. And when customers are
ready to shop and as we move further into the back half, we will be ready for the fashion needs that they
have. So whether it's back to school, which kids represents about 25% of our overall assortment, whether
it's the broader back half, I think that the resiliency and the capabilities that we've honed in on give us
that momentum and confidence as we move through.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Kate Fitzsimons from RBC Capital Market.

Kate Bridget Fitzsimons
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

I guess 2 quick ones here. It was interesting in the slide deck, you guys noted that 10% of the revenues
came from enclosed malls. I believe you guys often speak about the 70% of the fleet is off-mall. I guess
just directionally, with these closures relative to that 10%, where do you see enclosed malls shaking out
as a percent of sales in 2020 over time?

And then next, just really quick, on Old Navy, obviously, 2020 is a whole new bag. But when we think
about a return to a normalized, call it, mid- to high-teens EBITDA margin, how do you think about that
with the shift to e-com that you're seeing and greater shipping expenses, et cetera?

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Kate, I'll start first and foremost and just to let you know that we're going to give you a little bit more
color on the breakout of what our end state fleet looks like as it relates to the type of malls versus off-
mall. But I think it's fair to say that since the lion's share of the closures we're talking about are really Gap
brand and Banana Republic that those will mostly be focused in the mall locations. But where that shakes
out, we'll provide that, hopefully, more insight to you in the October call.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

THE GAP, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 27, 2020

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Let me just add some color about Old Navy and e-com and pressure. Look, we've been in the e-com
business for 20 years, and that's given us the ability over that time to build differentiated capability. We
have a lot of automation. We have a lot of scale, and in the value space, it's a big advantage for us. And
because we're a category tailored apparel, we have fine-tuned and honed our fulfillment and logistics
supply chain to optimize and lower costs end to end, so we feel poised and differentiated there as we
fuel this e-com business in the value space. So you couple that with the strength of Old Navy's product
margins and the advantage of the real estate format and cost of real estate, we think that the economic
model for Old Navy, which we'll share more in October, as Katrina says, gives us a lot of confidence.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Ike Boruchow from Wells Fargo.

Irwin Bernard Boruchow
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I guess 2 questions for me. Just I know you can't really talk about margins in the back half because the
sales are so volatile. But maybe, Katrina, just on the merchandise margin, could you give us a little bit of
clarity on maybe what you currently think is reasonable to expect for Q3 or back half or however you want
to characterize it?

And then just maybe some maybe bigger picture. You guys have a portfolio of brands. Some are
underperforming. Some are outperforming. Some are growing. Some are shrinking. How do you think
about them all working together? And how do you think about the portfolio longer term in terms of what --
how the Gap portfolio should look?

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So Ike, to your first question, I hope you caught in the speech that we were actually quite pleased
that in the second quarter we were able to realize improved product margins year-over-year as a result of
lower discounting, particularly at Old Navy, Athleta and Gap. And we attribute that to the fact that we had
the right product as well as great inventory management, and the teams are doing a nice job of managing
promotions in the face of stronger consumer demand for our products. So the weight we had on our gross
margins, our merchandise margins in the quarter really were attributable to those pretty heavy fulfillment
costs, again, driven by a combination of the dynamic of having to shift much of that demand from our
stores combined with the increased online demand.

And so as we think about the back half of the year, I would say we'll see where the product margins
end up, but we've been quite prudent in the way we think about our inventory purchases. As you know,
we had cut inventory substantially when the crisis first hit, and we've been very purposeful about what
categories we're chasing into and what brands we're chasing into in order to fuel that demand. And
that, combined with the fact that we do think we're investing in marketing behind our really relevant
purpose-driven brands, we have lots of confidence that we can continue to see healthy margins in the
back half. And then the dynamic on shipping, I think I described earlier, which is, certainly, we'll see
elevated fulfillment costs associated with running more online business. But we do aspire to have a more
moderated impact from having to ship from our stores.

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Let me just add on to your second question. The management team and our Board are highly
engaged and attuned to investor considerations and looking at the portfolio considering all opportunities
for value creation. What I will say is that what's different about us today is that we are a leaner, faster,
more focused Gap Inc. than prior. And I have never felt stronger than I do now in this moment that these
4 brands have the right to grow and that we expect to see tremendous potential within the portfolio.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

THE GAP, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 27, 2020

That's what we're focused on, and we're focused on unlocking that value through strong execution,
not divesting it. So I feel great about the management team, the extended management team and the
commitment to this, and we look forward to sharing more with you in October.

Operator

And our next question comes from Janet Kloppenburg from JJK Research Associates.

Janet Joseph Kloppenburg
JJK Research Associates, Inc.

Congrats on the progress. I'm very interested in learning more about the Gap digital business, which is
-- seems to have taken off here while the stores continued to underperform. Perhaps you could help us
understand a bit more of that and of the transfer rate you're expecting from the Gap store closures in the
malls.

And secondly, Sonia, when you think about the digital opportunity and the investments you're making
there, how does that square with the opportunity to expand the brick-and-mortar base of Old Navy and
Athleta, something that we've talked about as a growth opportunity prior?

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Listen, I think Gap has had a very solid quarter. The online demand was strong, as you noted, as
customers flock to them. It's a trusted known brand, and we saw improved execution across many, many
fronts. It's one of the highest store experience scores across the portfolio. The e-com business accelerated
with great execution and the product resonated. We saw margin expansion, product acceptance and really
all fueled by the focus on brand clarity and brand positioning. So we're pleased with the momentum we're
seeing there.

I'd say your comment around stores, what I would characterize is that we're walking away from
unproductive sales in Gap brand, and the stores that we're intending to keep in the fleet, we are expecting
continued progress on. And we're seeing that through customer feedback through the conversion in our
stores and raising the bar on ourselves in service to the customer. So I'd say, Gap, we are taking to a
leaner, more effective, well-run, brand-proud positioning, and we start to see some of that shape in Q2.

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

And then, Janet, I guess I'll just sort of add to your broader question. Strategically, we still feel like a well-
positioned, profitable store is an advantage, especially as it relates to a growing online business because
we know that customers are shopping online, but they're also using our store fleet as an opportunity
to come in and pick up or transact in a different way. And so we still see there being quite a virtuous
relationship between stores online.

And then the 2 brands that are looking to keep growing their store fleet are Old Navy and Athleta, and
they're being very purposeful in that growth. Old Navy continues to believe that they are underpenetrated
compared to their competitive set in the smaller markets, where their competitors are, that they are not.
And so we'll be prudent about watching that post-COVID, but we still think there's an opportunity to gain
share there.

And Athleta, still at only 50-ish-percent brand awareness and underpenetrated in their store fleet, still
has an opportunity to open some stores here and potentially elsewhere. So more to come on that, but we
don't see that the 2 are necessarily in conflict. In fact, we believe there's quite a synergy there in those 2
channels.

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

THE GAP, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 27, 2020

Yes. I mean, at our scale, the omni capability, the omni synergy, winning in our e-commerce and our
stores through digital leadership is really where we think the sweet spot is.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Mark Altschwager from Baird.

Sarah Goldberg
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

This is Sarah Goldberg on for Mark. I wanted to ask on inventory flows. How are you positioned for fall in
terms of the flow of fresh receipts? And do you expect inventory to be a constraint or feel good about the
ability to shift?

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Did you say -- I missed what you said flow?

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Inventory. Yes

Sarah Goldberg
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Inventory, inventory flow.

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Okay. Got it. So I think we feel good. We just reported that without the pack-and-hold inventory, we're
down about 10% in our ending inventory, and we -- as I think I said earlier, we had cut a lot of inventory
when the crisis hit, which, in a way, gave us the opportunity to really see how the customer is shopping
and in what channel and in which brands, which product categories. So we see this as an opportunity
to have used our responsive levers and our speed capability to really get back into the brands that are
performing well, particularly Old Navy and Athleta as well as to influence the categories that are working,
such as fleece and activewear, kids and baby, et cetera.

So I think all that said, we've been able to really position ourselves, and then you've heard us say and
then also in our online channel. So we've used the opportunity to really leverage our capabilities to get the
inventory hopefully where we believe the customer will be shopping.

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. And I'll just add that we're -- every day, we are getting faster and expecting greater speed and more
agility. Some of the examples that come to mind for me in Q2 are the fact that -- with Old Navy growing
active and fleece by 24%, when we had taken such a conservative play on inventory at the acute moment
in the early part of COVID, shows the speed with which we were able to chase that demand, right, to
deliver that kind of result, essentially chasing into the product that customers wanted. And Athleta as well,
to grow 7% in the quarter, required us to really fuel that with the right inventory.

And the last example, my favorite one, is talking about masks. I mean we were able to go from $0 to
$130 million due to the stand-up of a 5-week supply chain. And these are just tangible examples of where
we're shifting and the speed that we're expecting in order to be more and more responsive to customer
demand.

Operator

Next, we'll go to Matthew Boss from JPMorgan.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

THE GAP, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 27, 2020

Matthew Robert Boss
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Congrats on a nice quarter. So 2 questions. On gross margin, on the 3Q improvement, is that less negative
than the second quarter? Or you're forecasting actual gross margin expansion year-over-year in 3Q?

And then, Katrina, on SG&A, as you dug into the model of each of the brands, is the goal, as we should
think about it, behind cost savings that will flow to the bottom line? Or is it more to find opportunities to
fund go-forward investments as we think about the magnitude of potential SG&A?

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So as it relates to third quarter gross margin, we're not guiding to that specific dynamic. Hopefully,
the commentary today has been helpful to you to understand that we'll see where sales land, but
fundamentally, we believe the product margins, as we saw in the second quarter, are benefiting from
strong product and strong brands. And so we'll see how we compete in the back half. And similarly, we've
talked about the fact that we do still have some headwinds on fulfillment costs, and again, we'll see where
that lands. So we haven't really been that specific.

And then as it relates to SG&A, I mean, we did do some pretty big moves in the first quarter. If you
remember, we cut about 15% of our corporate overhead, and we've been focused on getting costs out of
the system. But we were also trying to be helpful in our acknowledgment of the fact that, frankly, in this
COVID environment, one of our bigger priorities is providing our customers a safe place to shop, and that
does come with higher operating expenses in the stores. The good news is, as you've seen, customers
are coming back to our stores, and they are providing us with good Net Promoter Scores associated with
feeling safe in our stores. So we feel that's important.

And then as I said, we are going to invest in marketing. We do feel like in this dislocated time in retail, it's
an important time for us to tell the stories of our 4 big brands that are competing well with the customers.
And so again, we'll see where that all plays out in the P&L, but that's how we're thinking about the back
half.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Oliver Chen from Cowen.

Jungwon Kim
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

This is Jonna on for Oliver. Could you just provide more color on the new customer acquisition you saw
strong growth during the quarter and maybe which brand you saw the highest new customer acquisition
via online? And how are you planning to drive repeat purchases from these customers?

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I mean we're really thrilled about the customer growth, 165% growth in new online customers
acquisition year-over-year. And of course, because of Old Navy's size, the distortion was in Old Navy, but
we saw customer growth across the board in e-commerce. And so again, the advantage we have with
this massive customer file that's growing in a differential way in e-commerce, you couple that with value-
centered brand management and really owning these brands that have greater purpose and connect to
customers in a time of complexity, I think, is a very uncertain time, our brands are connecting even more
greatly, and we're telling stories with greater focus on that connection. It's that combination. It's that
intersection that we are finding that we can differentiate.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Susan Anderson from B. Riley FBR.

Susan Kay Anderson

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

THE GAP, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 27, 2020

B. Riley Securities, Inc., Research Division

I was wondering if you maybe could expand a little bit just on your thoughts on back-to-school. It sounds
like you just -- like you expect the season to be prolonged, which makes sense. But I guess, do you think
that there's going to be some lot sales? Or is it really just kind of a change in catalyst towards more of a
weather event versus a back-to-school event, I guess, more across Old Navy and Gap?

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. We're not seeing the typical peaks in the COVID environment over the course of the last many
months. People are shopping over a longer period of time, and so we expect back-to-school to be
smoothed out over the coming weeks and months versus an acute moment in August like in prior years.
We saw very similar behavior like this around Memorial Day and 4th of July shopping.

That being said, customers are still shopping for those essential products, whether it was summer product
back then. And so we've had experience now managing through these peaks, and it's showing up in a
different pattern. We're prepared to service that need whenever the customer is ready to shop. And we
believe the demand will still be there. Now back-to-school, as I said, is that family ritual and families want
to buy their kids relevant clothing to give them confidence, whether they're learning at home or school.
And we will win and as we do with casual, active and cool assortments. And so we've got the assortment
that's needed, and we're ready to serve our customer as she engages with us in back to school.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Dana Telsey from Telsey Advisory Group.

Dana Lauren Telsey
Telsey Advisory Group LLC

As you see the progress in Old Navy that you've made, and I know, Sonia, you've always talked about
category opportunities there, where do you see the Old Navy opportunities coming from? And do you see
it as a margin and pricing and AUR opportunity also?

And then on the Athleta business, any changes in how you're seeing that assortment and merchandise
margin opportunities there, too?

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I mean let me zoom way out, first start by saying we characterize -- I characterize 95% of our Gap
Inc. assortment to be relevant to how customers are dressing today. We have always led the way with
casual and comfort and optimism, which with people -- which is what people are looking for right now in
their assortment. So that feels overall very good.

Specific to Old Navy and Athleta, what I will say is the active -- an active lifestyle dominance that they
both have has been a massive differentiator. Old Navy grew its active and fleece business by 24% in
Q2 versus last year. It's now north of $1 billion business. I think it represented roughly a $300 million
business alone in Q2 and Athleta also very dominant across that -- across the gamut of their categories as
they really play to that lifestyle, that active and athleisure lifestyle.

So that is the category space. But again, really, the -- underlying that -- underlying the premise is comfort
and casual. And we believe that applies to all of our brands, and it's certainly Gap brand won with knits
and hoodies and other product types because of casual and comfort as did Banana Republic with their
knits products as well as some of their more work leisure, as we're calling it, oriented products.

So the uber point is we have authority here. We always have. It's really how we have built our business
over decades. It's leading with the casualization of American style. And so this next wave is active, and
we're riding that wave.

Dana Lauren Telsey
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

THE GAP, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 27, 2020

Telsey Advisory Group LLC

Got it. And do you see margin opportunities for each of those businesses as a result of this?

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I think that we're pleased with the product margin expansion in Q2, and we will continue to compete
for that as we move into the back half.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Alexandra Walvis from Goldman Sachs.

Alexandra E. Walvis
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I have a couple of questions from me. The first is on whether you can share any more color on traffic
trends, perhaps sharing any color on the discrepancies between the different banners, between different
geographies and indeed different formats, how that shapes up versus conversion in the store.

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So as it relates to traffic, I think what we said earlier is that similar to the dynamic we described last
quarter, Old Navy's locations are benefiting from the better trends and Banana is suffering the most. That
said, the other dynamic we're seeing is that traffic is sort of hard to look at, and those people who come
in are highly qualified buyers. And so are seeing stronger sales over traffic trends for people who come in
really with the purpose to buy.

But again, traffic is a little different because a lot of the traffic is starting online. There's curbside pickup.
It's just a different omni-channel dynamic. But fundamentally, on a scale, I would say, Old Navy is the
best and then Banana, just based on its product category right now, is the weaker of the brands.

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

And what I will say is we pivoted to purpose-led brand marketing, and you saw some examples of that
in Q2, whether it was the We are We advertising from Old Navy or to BE THE FUTURE advertising from
Gap brand or the Athleta advertising celebrating female empowerment. As we have zoned in on that, on
purpose-driven marketing, we've seen that positively impact traffic and flow into both channels.

Tina Romani
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Perfect. Thank you, Sonia. Thank you, Katrina. That does conclude our call, and as always, we'll be
available for any further questions. And we hope everyone stays safe and healthy.

Operator
Thank you. That does conclude our call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

THE GAP, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 27, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

