W.W. Grainger, Inc. NYSE:GWW
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, January 30, 2020 4:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

4.04

3.90

(3.47 %)

4.72

17.53

17.32

(1.20 %)

18.71

2851.69

2847.00

(0.16 %)

2898.44

11490.88

11486.00

(0.04 %)

11956.32

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-30-2020 3:20 PM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

4.46

4.64

4.40

4.04

4.51

4.64

4.26

3.90

1.12 %

0.00 %

(3.18 %)

(3.47 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

Irene Holman
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Thomas B. Okray
Senior VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Adam William Uhlman
Cleveland Research Company

Christopher D. Glynn
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Christopher M. Dankert
Longbow Research LLC

Patrick Michael Baumann
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Robert Douglas Barry
The Buckingham Research Group
Incorporated

David John Manthey
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Ryan James Merkel
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Deane Michael Dray
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Justin Laurence Bergner
Morgan Group Holding Co.

Ka Wing Lau
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors

Mario J. Cortellacci
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Michael Lawrence McGinn
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Greetings. Welcome to the W.W. Grainger Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions] Please note, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to our
host, Irene Holman, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.

Irene Holman
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning. Welcome to Grainger's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Earnings Call. With me are D.G.
Macpherson, Chairman and CEO; and Tom Okray, SVP and CFO.

As a reminder, our comments today may be forward-looking. Actual results may differ materially as a
result of various risks and uncertainties, including those detailed in our SEC filings. Reconciliations of
any non-GAAP financial measures with their corresponding GAAP measures are found in the tables at the
end of this slide presentation and in our Q4 press release, both of which are available on our IR website.
This morning's call will focus on adjusted results for the fourth quarter and full year 2019, which exclude
restructuring and other items that are outlined in our earnings press release.

Now I'll turn it over to D.G.

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Irene. Good morning. Thank you for joining us. On today's call, I'll talk about our 2019
performance and key accomplishments and discuss our growth priorities for 2020. Tom will then cover our
financial performance for the quarter and the year in detail as well as our 2020 guidance.

Late last year, we introduced our team members to the Grainger Edge, our new strategic framework that
defines who we are, why we exist and how we'll work together to achieve our objectives. At Grainger,
our purpose is to keep the world working, whether that means helping a hospital focus on patient care,
a manufacturing plant focused on building great products, or a school focused on teaching. The work we
do in the background helps keep facilities running so our customers can focus on what they do best. It's a
purpose that we are all very proud of as an organization.

The framework also outlines a set of principles to define the behaviors we expect from our team members
working with each other, our customers and our supplier partners. We are holding ourselves accountable
to these principles and believe they will help us execute our strategy and create share value for our
shareholders. These are not just words on a page, we are committed to making these principles come to
life in everything that we do.

The Grainger Edge provides a foundational framework for our strategy as we work to consistently serve
our customers and gain share. We gained share through 2 distinct business models that allow us to
leverage our scale and supply chain to support customers with different needs. Our high-touch solutions
model serves customers that have complex needs and are looking for more tailored solutions. Through this
model, we developed powerful customer solutions, deliver a great customer experience and develop deep
customer relationships. This all starts with what we call advantaged MRO solutions. That means being able
to get a customer the exact product they need to solve a problem quickly. And it means understanding
more about our products and customers than anyone in order to help them solve problems and to create
value for our customers. This takes the form of intuitive digital solutions, segment-specific solutions and
value-added services. We then leverage these solutions to our talented sales and services teams to build
deep customer relationships based on an exceptional customer experience.

Our Grainger U.S., Canada and Mexico operations as well as our Cromwell and Fabory businesses fit within
this model. In our endless assortment model, we provide less complex customers with an expansive
product assortment and easy-to-use website. This business is based on acquiring customers, leveraging

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

our simple and efficient customer experience to develop and maintain strong customer relationships.
Our MonotaRO and Zoro businesses fit within this model. When we execute against these 2 models,
we consistently gained share, we grow profitably, and we deliver strong shareholder value. That's our
commitment.

Flipping to Slide 5. And before I jump into 2019 highlights, I wanted to touch briefly on work we have
done over the last few years to strengthen the business and to position Grainger for success. This work
has ensured that both our high-touch solutions model and our endless assortment model, have the
capabilities to win in the marketplace. Most of you are familiar with the pricing reset of our U.S. business
back in 2017. This change has allowed us to grow with customer groups we've been losing share with for
years, most notably midsize customers. But beyond the pricing actions, we have made important news:
we have verticalized our sales force. Our customers today demand more expertise from our interactions,
and this change enables our sales teams to develop main knowledge and deepen customer relationships.
We have added an inside sales group focused on high-value, mid-sized customers.

We have centralized our call centers to improve service and scale and help manage cost. We have
restructured our KeepStock Inventory Management program, and we now have begun expanding
capabilities for our customers. We have added capacity to our U.S. supply chain. We have made significant
improvements to grainger.com to make search easier for our customers. And we've done all this while
realizing significant leverage on cost structure.

These changes let us set the stage for what we accomplished in 2019 and will accomplish moving forward.
Outside of the U.S. business, we have reset the foundation for our Canadian operations for what we
believe will become and consistently profitable and growing business. We have shed noncore international
businesses over the last few years and are now focusing our efforts on places where we can create a
meaningful, profitable and competitively advantaged position. Our attention and focus moving forward
will be on our high-touch solutions model, primarily in North America as well as our growing endless
assortment model. We continue to evaluate our portfolio to ensure our time, energy and investment is
spent, where we can add the most value for the long term. Our execution on these efforts over the last
few years has laid a strong foundation for profitable growth for the new decade.

Moving to Slide 6. As you've heard from our competitors, suppliers and customers, our market was
certainly challenging in 2019, with market growth declining as the year progressed. In the face of these
challenges, the Grainger team delivered solid results for the year, mainly in line with the expectations we
outlined back in January of 2019. To be clear, we aren't thrilled with the absolute performance in the year,
but it was solid on a comparable basis.

For the total company, we drove 3% daily sales growth across the company on a constant currency basis.
From a profitability perspective, we expanded total company operating margin by 10 basis points in 2019,
driven by continued success in leveraging our SG&A. The team did a nice job managing spend in 2019,
and we achieved our goal to minimize SG&A growth to less than half the rate of our sales growth. We
expect to continue driving leverage as we prudently manage costs while also growing the business. We
generated over $1 billion of cash in 2019 and returned roughly the same amount to shareholders in the
form of share repurchases and dividends. While the absolute numbers were decent in many ways, 2019
was a strong year on the execution front that we believe sets us up well going forward.

In the U.S., we outgrew the MRO market by 150 to 200 basis points in 2019, and our outperformance to
the market gained momentum throughout the year. We exited the fourth quarter growing about 300 basis
points faster than the market. This performance is driven by our ongoing investments in growth initiatives,
which support our strategy. We remerchandised $1.2 billion of products in 2019, more than double any
time in our history, and we are on track to complete another $1.6 billion in 2020.

These category reviews, along with marketing activities are driving incremental revenue. We've been
testing new strategies and are happy with the results thus far. Return on ad spend steadily increased
over the course of the year. We saw nice improvements in the focus of our sales and services team,
particularly around embedding Grainger at our customers through KeepStock and value-added services.
We reenergized our large corporate account efforts and won some significant contracts in the second half.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Our high-touch offer is unmatched in the market, and we believe we will continue to gain share with these
important strategic customers.

In our endless assortment model, we grew revenue 19% in 2019, driven by strong growth at both
MonotaRO and Zoro. We invested to enhance our Zoro offering in 2019, including the addition of roughly
1.5 million SKUs to the assortment, pushing the total SKU count to about 3.5 million products. We
made significant enhancements to Zoro's technology capabilities, including the launch of a new product
information system and a customer analytics platform, allowing Zoro to be less reliant on Grainger's
infrastructure. We also improved our marketing capabilities in Zoro, which should help us gain share
profitably moving forward.

In our Grainger Canada business, we saw revenue stabilize and customer feedback improved significantly
throughout 2019. We expect to return to growth in the business in the back half of 2020 and are confident
the platform we have in Canada will prove to be sustainable and profitable in the future.

Even when our results were poor, we made progress. Specifically, our Cromwell business in the U.K. had a
very challenging financial year. For context, adjusted total company operating margin in 2019 would have
been 12.7% without Cromwell or 60 basis point improvement. Further, we took a noncash impairment
charge in the fourth quarter to write off substantially all of the intangible assets, including trade names
and customer lists. That said, the business made great strides in service, and our customers are now
talking about growing with Cromwell moving forward.

We also took action in the fourth quarter to take GBP 10 million of administration costs out of the
business. This team has great clarity and understands the urgency required to improve the performance
of the business going forward. So while 2019 was certainly challenging, we are proud of the work we
completed to position us for success moving forward.

Turning to 2020. We plan to continue investing to support our strategy. Our expectation is that we will
consistently outgrow the market, including a target of 300 to 400 basis points of outperformance in our
core high-touch business in the U.S. Historically, we've grown approximately 150 basis points faster than
the market. Our actions and investments over the last several years provides confidence that we can grow
at a more accelerated rate. In 2020, we are focused on several initiatives to support that growth.

We will continue to work, the work we began in 2019 to remerchandise our assortment to ensure we have
the right products to serve the needs of our customers. For 2020, this includes remerchandising $1.6
billion of product, including selective SKU additions to enhance our assortment. We expect to continue
to learn and improve upon the way we execute our marketing activities. We learned a lot over the last
couple of years, including analytics-focused evaluations around our investments in search and display,
radio, catalog and direct marketing. We expect improved share gain from both incremental marketing
investments and for more effective marketing in 2020.

We remain focused on bolstering our expertise in digital and technology solutions in order to serve a
more sophisticated and tech-enabled customer base. We recently went live with a first version of our new
product information system and have made great improvements with our customer information, both
support our merchandising and marketing efforts.

We will invest to enhance our customer experience and strengthen our world-class customer service
backbone through network capacity and utilization investments. With our Louisville DC coming online
soon, we're at a point where focused investments in DC capacity, while significant service benefits without
as much capital outlay as we've seen in the recent past.

We're also planning to selectively add sellers to be more relevant in certain segments and geographies,
and we will equip our sales organization with the right toolset to ensure they can serve our customers
most effectively. We have developed improved processes with large multisite customers and continue to be
aggressive in helping these customers consolidate with Grainger. We will continue to embed our solutions
with our more complex customers through our inventory management offerings.

Finally, we remain committed to the ongoing turnaround efforts in Canada and with our Cromwell business
in the U.K. In Canada, the business was slightly profitable in 2019. And as Tom will explain, we expect to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

roughly breakeven again in 2020. This business is now structured to run as an extension of our core U.S.
operations. This will help us make the needed strides to return the business to meaningful profitability
over the course of the next couple of years by demonstrating a consistent uptick in revenue and margins.

For Cromwell, I mentioned our struggles in 2019. This is a business that is at a crossroads right now.
We need to start seeing progress over the next 12 to 18 months to assess whether the business can run
profitably. We've made great improvements in service, which are expected to translate into revenue and
profitability. Our team will be evaluating this closely in 2020. Successful execution of these initiatives will
position us to consistently and profitably outperform the market in 2020 and beyond.

Now let's talk about our endless assortment business. First and foremost, we are pleased to have
announced earlier this morning that Masaya Suzuki, the current CEO of MonotaRO, will now lead the
combined endless assortment business across Grainger. I am personally very excited about this. Masaya
was part of the founding team at MonotaRO and has been instrumental in the tremendously profitable
growth of this business since we first launched 20 years ago. He has also played a critical role in the
launch of Zoro in 2011. Under Masaya's leadership, we expect to continue the strong growth and
profitability of our endless assortment businesses.

In the U.S., we plan to accelerate Zoro's adoption of the MonotaRO playbook in order to capture growth
and implement best practices, specifically we plan to continue to rapidly expand Zoro's assortment beyond
the $130 billion industrial MRO market. This will allow us to tap into markets and customers that aren't
served through other Grainger channels. Our goal is to have 10 million SKUs in the Zoro portfolio in the
next 3 to 5 years, utilizing third-party suppliers with direct fulfillment capabilities. This has worked well
for MonotaRO, which has 20 million SKUs, and we are confident will work for Zoro as well. We're also
continuing to develop and improve our marketing and customer segmentation tools at Zoro. We made
most of these investments in 2019 and expect to start to see the results here in 2020.

For Zoro U.K., we will continue to leverage the Cromwell supply chain and execute our strategy to grow
the business and drive profitability. These efforts include expanding assortments, enhancing website
functionality and launching active marketing and customer acquisition campaigns to create a vibrant
marketplace. The Zoro U.K. business continues to grow very quickly, and the economics of this business
look to be quite attractive. We expect this business to be profitable in 2021.

And for MonotaRO, Masaya and his team will continue to execute their successful growth strategy,
including additions to the assortment and network enhancements to improve reliability and speed.
This business has produced impressive and profitable growth year in and year out, and we expect that
to continue. Our endless assortment business has been a great asset for Grainger, and we see the
opportunity for tremendous growth moving forward.

With that, I'll turn it over to Tom for detail on our 2019 performance and 2020 guidance.

Thomas B. Okray
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, D.G. I'll start with a recap of our 2019 total company adjusted results, then move forward to the
fourth quarter results by segment.

Overall, we are pleased with our 2019 performance despite a challenging environment. Sales were up
3% on a constant currency basis, driven by 2.5% from volume and price favorability of 0.5%. FX had a
negative 0.5% impact. It should be noted that our core U.S. and endless assortment business combined,
grew at 5% in the full year. Consistent with our guide, our gross profit margin was down 50 basis points
versus the prior year. The decline was primarily driven by our lower-margin endless assortment business,
which is growing at a faster rate than the rest of the company. Contributing to the decline, both MonotaRO
and Zoro had lower gross margin. MonotaRO faced freight headwinds in Japan and Zoro's lower gross
margin was driven by unfavorable product mix and promotional activities. Elsewhere, slightly lower
gross profit margins in the U.S. were offset by higher gross margins in Canada, driven by supply chain
favorability.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Despite meaningful investments in advertising, technology and Zoro, we drove SG&A leverage, driven by
continued cost management actions. SG&A as a percentage of sales improved 60 basis points year-over-
year as our SG&A spend remained flat to 2018. As a result, total company operating margin for the year
increased 10 basis points with a 20 basis point improvement in the U.S. Incremental margins for the total
company was 17%, aided by 22% U.S. incremental margin. We generated operating cash flow of over $1
billion, which we used to invest in the business and return capital to shareholders, returning north of $1
billion through dividends and share repurchases. We did this while maintaining a debt-to-adjusted EBITDA
ratio of 1.4x. Operating cash flow was 116% of net earnings. Our return on invested capital was 29.3% or
80 basis points favorable to the prior year. All in, considering the choppy market, we are pleased with the
results.

Looking at the quarter, daily sales increased 3%, including 3.5% from volume, partially offset by 0.5%
unfavorable price. Gross profit margin for the quarter was down 50 basis points due to business unit mix
as well as mix shift headwinds within our large customer group in the U.S. These impacts were partially
offset by favorable supply chain improvements in Canada.

SG&A cost increased 3%, but slightly less than sales growth, driven by marketing and technology spend
in the U.S. segment and investments to support Zoro's growth. We could have dialed back spend in the
quarter to achieve a better short-term profitability outcome. But we are focused on driving sustainable
value over the long-term and continued investment in the business supports this effort. Operating margin
declined 40 basis points in the quarter as SG&A leverage was more than offset by the decline in gross
profit margin versus the prior year. Earnings per share decreased 2% in the quarter due to a higher tax
rate as we lapped the prior year benefit from our clean energy investments.

Looking at our performance in the U.S. I'll start with sales for our large and mid-sized customers. The U.S.
MRO market, in line with macroeconomic indicators, declined throughout the year. We estimate that the
U.S. MRO market was flat to down 1% in the fourth quarter and was up 0.5% to 1% for the full year. In
the fourth quarter, our U.S. large customer business grew 3% or 350 basis points faster than the market.
Outperformance to the market for our large customers accelerated sequentially as our growth initiatives
began to take hold. Our U.S. midsize customer business grew 5% or approximately 550 basis points faster
than the market. It's important to note that our growth with these 2 customer groups remained stable
despite slower market conditions in the quarter.

Overall, U.S. segment daily sales grew 2.5% in the quarter or about 300 basis points faster than the
market. Sales growth in the quarter included 3% from volume, partially offset by unfavorable price of 1%.
Intercompany sales provided a 0.5% positive impact in the quarter. As noted in our last call, balancing
market-based pricing, with cost inflation and share gain, led to a choppy result -- choppy price result
throughout the year. Having said that, we finished the full year with favorable price of 0.5%. While gross
profit margin was up 50 basis points sequentially, we were down 100 basis points year-over-year, driven
by a few factors, including the growth of intercompany sales and lower margins, the lapping of prior year
supplier rebates and a mix shift within our large customer subgroup.

We've gotten more aggressive in helping large multi-site customers consolidate spend with Grainger.
This includes pursuing new customers, where we won a few significant contracts in the second half of
2019 as well as deepening and broadening relationships with our current customers. This large customer
growth can create a drag on gross margins in the short to medium term, while we demonstrate our value
proposition and expand share of wallet with these customers. However, this is absolutely the right strategy
to drive long-term profitable growth. As we add and expand customer relationships, we are gaining share
and more deeply embedding Grainger into what our customers do each and every day.

Given the lumpiness of our pricing actions in 2019, we think looking at gross margin on the full year is
more meaningful. In this regard, our full year margins were down 30 basis points, reflecting the remaining
impact of contract renegotiations and large customer mix headwinds. Ultimately, we remain confident in
our ability to pass along inflationary cost increases. SG&A costs were flat on 2% sales growth and was
favorable 60 basis points to the prior year. Operating margin declined 40 basis points in the quarter as the
decline in gross profit margin was only partially offset by strong SG&A leverage.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Looking at op margin for the full year. The U.S. segment operating margin was 15.8%, which is in line with
the guidance we set in January of last year and represents an expansion of 20 basis points.

Moving on to Other Businesses. Daily sales increased 9.5%, including 7.5% from volume and 2% from
favorable FX. Growth was driven by continued expansion of our endless assortment business, which is up
a combined 18% between Zoro and MonotaRO. Gross profit margin declined 10 basis points in the quarter,
driven by negative mix resulting from faster growth in endless assortment.

Operating margin declined 140 basis points, driven primarily by investments in Zoro and performance at
Cromwell. Cromwell generated an operating loss of $35 million for the full year. Further, while not reflected
in our adjusted results, we took an impairment charge in the quarter to write off substantially all of the
remaining intangible assets in our Cromwell business.

Turning to Slide 16. Daily sales decreased 11.5%, including 10% related to volume decline and 1.5%
related to unfavorable price. Price was driven by discounts and mix as we begin to win back large
customer business. As we finished the year, daily sales stabilized, and we are beginning to see volume
growth from new and existing customers. Gross profit margin increased 595 basis points over the prior
year, primarily driven by supply chain efficiencies. While a sizable portion of this benefit is nonrecurring,
we expect some benefit will continue moving forward.

SG&A dollars were 10% lower than prior year, but the rate was unfavorable 50 basis points due to volume.
Operating margin increased 545 basis points over the prior year, driven by the increase in gross margin.

Now let's take a look at 2020 guidance. Consistent with last year, we will provide guidance at the
beginning of the year and only plan to make updates if we expect results to fall materially outside the
guided range. With that, we expect to deliver another year of solid growth for the company in 2020 as
we execute upon our growth priorities and continue to support our customers. For the total company,
we expect top line growth of 3.5% to 6.5%, driven by outperformance to the market in the U.S. and
continued expansion of our endless assortment business. In the U.S., we expect the MRO market will
remain consistent with where we exited 2019, hovering around flat to slightly negative. Even with a static
market, we remain confident that our industry know-how, deep customer relationships and scale, coupled
with our growth priorities, position us to continue to capture share.

For 2020, we expect to outgrow the broader MRO market by approximately 300 basis points. This is a step
toward our stated long-term target to consistently achieve 300 to 400 basis points of outgrowth each and
every year. We expect to continue growing our endless assortment business at around 20% in 2020, as
the MonotaRO team delivers consistently strong results and as we rapidly add SKUs and leverage our 2019
investments at Zoro.

From a profitability perspective, total company gross profit margin is expected to be down roughly 110 to
50 basis points in 2020. This is driven by business unit mix, with the higher growth of our lower-margin
endless assortment business as well as mix headwinds within our U.S. large multi-site customer subgroup
as we focus on consolidating MRO spend for large corporate customers.

As it relates to price, our intention is to remain market competitive while growing share and offsetting cost
inflation. Having said that, price is difficult to predict given a muted and uncertain economic environment.
We will stay nimble. As it relates to tariffs, our guidance assumes a status quo environment. Any changes
will be evaluated if and when they occur. Total company operating margins are expected to remain
consistent at the midpoint as we anticipate significant SG&A leverage as we grow the top line, while
remaining prudent on cost. These top line and profitability targets as well as continued execution of our
share repurchase program are expected to produce earnings per share of $17.75 to $19.25 or 3% to 11%
growth.

From a quarterly timing perspective, we do anticipate that both top and bottom line performance will
improve in the back half of the year as our growth priorities take hold and we lap tougher comps at the
GP level in the first half. Recall that we increased prices in Q1 2019, which were subsequently dialed back
in the second and third quarters. In addition, the full impact of tariff cost increases were not realized until
later in 2019.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Continuing with guidance on Slide 20. At a segment level, we expect operating profit margins in each of
our business units to remain relatively stable. In the U.S., operating margin is expected to be between
15.6% to 16%, with a midpoint in line with 2019 performance. As discussed, gross profit margins in the
U.S. are facing headwinds, primarily related to our pursuit of large customer contracts to help grow share
and deepen relationships in this choppy market environment. We expect these GP headwinds will be offset
by continued SG&A leverage.

For other businesses, we expect 4% to 6% operating margin. After a year of significant investments in our
endless assortment model and lower-than-expected results at Cromwell, we expect our actions in 2019 to
produce improved 2020 results. As we have discussed throughout 2019, we expect operating margin at
Zoro will trend favorably in 2020 and return to mid-single-digit profitability by 2021.

In Canada, we expect to roughly break even again in 2020 as revenue growth build sequentially in
response to our improved service level and profitability begins to reflect our cost base reset. As noted
earlier, we will lap some nonrecurring supply chain efficiencies in the fourth quarter, which will be a
headwind to operating margins in the new year.

From a cash flow perspective, we expect operating cash flow to be between $1.1 billion and $1.2 billion.
We plan capital expenditures of about $250 million. The large majority of investment this year will center
around our U.S. segment and endless assortment business in order to continue our growth in these areas.
We expect the balance of our cash to be used to fund our quarterly dividend and continue executing
against our share repurchase authorization. For 2020, we are expecting between $600 million to $700
million of repurchases, which continues to reflect our confidence to successfully execute our strategy and
growth priorities.

With that, I will turn it back to D.G. for closing remarks.

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Tom. As I look forward to 2020 and beyond, I'm excited about the opportunities that we have in
front of us, and I want to thank the Grainger team for their hard work and dedication. .

We are well positioned to continue to gain share in the U.S., to continue to drive 20% growth profitably
in the endless assortment model and to improve the rest of our portfolio. I am confident in our ability to
drive long-term value for all stakeholders, and I'm confident that we're going to continue to extend our
lead in the industry.
So with that, I will open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ryan Merkel with William Blair.

Ryan James Merkel
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

So first off, I'm a little surprised by the 2020 gross margin guide down about 80 basis points at the
midpoint. I had thought that after the price reset, you were thinking that gross margins would start to
stabilize. So I'm trying to figure out for 2020, is the big change, the focus on the large accounts or what's
really changing?

Thomas B. Okray
Senior VP & CFO

Well, Ryan, there's really 2 things happening. I mean, one, it's just the algebra of our endless assortment,
business unit getting much larger and growing at 20% and the gross profit profile that, that business
has. So that's a very big portion of it, which is getting bigger, obviously. And then one of our key growth
initiatives is going after the large customers. And maybe just to unpack that with a little example. Right
now, we've been heavily focused on a location-by-location basis. As we stated as part of our growth
initiatives. We're working more with the C-suite to try to get a broader range of locations in terms of going
after a bigger piece of the company's pie.

And with that, initially, you'll have to do some sort of write-down usually to gross margin as it relates to
product mix as it relates to your offer. But then over time, there's plenty of levers to increase that gross
margin, whether it be with product substitution, standardization, reducing overall buy. So we're confident
over time that we will improve gross margin with those customers. But for 2020, we're being prudent in
putting that in the guide.

Ryan James Merkel
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Okay. That makes sense. I guess for my follow-up, sort of related, I'm thinking about the long-term
growth algorithm. And so maybe you can help us, should we be assuming that gross margins are down
sort of 50, 60 basis points structurally because of this mix, but then you'll offset that with SG&A? So we
should think about EBIT growth equaling sales growth? And then if you do better than mid-single digits,
you probably do EBIT growth a little bit better. Is that about right?

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

So Ryan, I guess, this is D.G. Yes. So in the U.S. business, let's start there. Our assumption is that we
gained share 300 to 400 basis points faster than the market. So if the market grows 2% through cycle,
we'd be at 5% to 6%. At that, so what you see this coming year is a projection of market down 0.5%. At
that, you see operating margins flat for the U.S. business year-over-year, so 2.5% growth, flat operating
margins. At 5% through cycle, we'd expect to get a little more leverage than the slight pressure on GP
over time and see some expanding margins in the U.S. So I think it's a good -- this is a good sort of guide
on the economics of the business at 2%, 2.5%, 3%, you're probably flat on operating margin in the U.S. If
you get more growth than that, you're probably positive.

Operator

Our next question comes from David Manthey with Baird.

David John Manthey
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

First question, when I look at Slide 5, you clearly made many meaningful upgrades here. And I'm trying
to figure out how many of these were defensive versus offensive in nature. And essentially, how will we
measure the success of all of these changes over the next 3 to 5 years? It looks like maybe a little bit of
sales outgrowth, but are there other metrics you'll be tracking to see the success of these initiatives?

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

Well, I think -- I mean, these are -- to be clear, Dave, these initiatives on the left-hand side in the U.S. are
mostly rearview-mirror initiatives in the sense that centralizing the call centers has gotten us improved
service and lower cost. So -- and we expect to continue to get lower cost. So that's one that you'll see
in the SG&A line. If I looked at our order-to-cash process and customer feedback in the U.S. right now,
it is at an all-time high. It got better this year significantly relative to the competition. So some of these
moves have been around continuing to improve service. And you see that in supply chain capacity.
Verticalizing the sales force, we think you're going to see in terms of part contributing to that 300 to
400 basis point growth faster than the market. And so it's a mix. A lot of these are -- have been done
already. When we go forward, we're going to start talking about some of the initiatives that are on Page
7, remerchandising the assortment. I mentioned we remerchandised $1.2 billion this last year. That's far
more than we've ever done in a single year, and we'll do $1.6 billion this year. We see that directly leading
to sales growth, and we measure that very tightly. Marketing -- both effectiveness of marketing and the
increased marketing budget, we measure that very, very tightly and we know how much that contributes
to growth. But the large customer initiative that Tom talked about, we know how much that's leading to
growth and what impact that has. So we are tracking everything. We wanted to put Page 5 together to say
there's been a lot of change in the business, and we feel like we're in a good position to really drive the
growth initiatives we're talking about.

David John Manthey
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. Yes, that makes sense. As a follow-up then, and you partially answered this in your answer to the
last question. Over the last couple of years, you've clearly grown SG&A at a rate slower than sales growth
or even gross profit dollar growth, and your guidance seems to imply more of the same in line with your
targets. As a distributor, there's obviously inherent inflation in some of the areas of your cost stack. Can
you talk about the other major areas of expenses that you're keeping flat or reducing in order to keep
SG&A in check so well in this lackluster environment? I'm just looking for the big 2 or 3 buckets that you
think are really the drivers of that performance.

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So if you look at the cost structure, and I'll focus on the U.S. again, there's some big buckets of
cost where our expectation is that we will get productivity on a consistent basis. So in our distribution
centers, we continue to automate. We continue to get process improvements to drive dollars cost per
line down in our contact centers. We continue to get productivity. We continue to get productivity in our
sales force through revenue-per-seller increases. Our expectation is that the cost increases that you talked
about will be covered by productivity in those areas, and we basically have developed a process and an
expectation and a philosophy that we will continue to drive productivity in each of those areas, mostly
through continuous improvement that basically offset those cost increases.

Operator

Our next question comes from Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets.

Deane Michael Dray
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

I just upfront want to say, I appreciate your level of clarity and context and describing some of the
changes here on gross margin. That's really helpful. And just to clarify, in Tom's answer, when you talk
about the mix shift to large customers that you'll sacrifice over the short, medium term, the gross margin,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

but once you build share with these customers, longer term, you're better positioned for profitable growth.
What's the time frame on this? I know you say longer term, but are we talking multiple years? I don't
think you mean it takes that long because if you're moving to standardization...

Thomas B. Okray
Senior VP & CFO

No. No.

Deane Michael Dray
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Okay, so just share with us more of the timing of this because it does make sense. I just -- the short term,
long term seems a little vague.

Thomas B. Okray
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. No. Well, first of all, you've got to remember that we've got a ton of customers. So this initiative is
in various stages of development by individual customers. So it's not like you snap the chalk line and you
start everything at one time. So when we're talking about short to medium term, we're certainly talking
about -- a lot of it will happen within 2021 time frame. It's really building the trust, embedding with the
different large customers, so we can rich in mix. So we can have products to substitution. So we can have
standardization, those types of things. So I guess, we would look at this as a transition year from 2020 for
this initiative.

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

Deane, yes, and I guess, I would add that when we look at large customers, we track what we call
economic earnings, which is a more sort of holistic view of the profitability of customers. And our goal is to
make sure that we drive growth and profitable growth through that metric as opposed to just gross profit.
So at times, we will take gross profit. It's in the short-term if we're improving the cost structure elsewhere
to provide the ability to consolidate customers and then provide value for those customers.

Thomas B. Okray
Senior VP & CFO

I think another thing, important part to note is these are really large multi-site customers. So this is really
hitting home runs versus hitting singles and doubles. So this is a very attractive business to get. And just
launching off of D.G.'s comments, we can lever our SG&A at about 2.5% growth. So we can afford to take
the time to develop these very important customers.

Deane Michael Dray
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Great. And then just on a follow-up, could you put this negative price in context? Because what we're
hearing elsewhere in the industrial distributors that not only are there -- some of it is delays in getting
supplier price increases through, but there's heightened competition within the distributors. How much of
that is at play in the negative price that we're seeing?

Thomas B. Okray
Senior VP & CFO

I think the important thing when you talk about price is to look at it on a full year basis. I mean as we
said in our prepared remarks, our pricing was very lumpy. You'll recall from previous calls, we were quite
aggressive in Q1. And then we dialed that back in Q2 and Q3. We made a conscious decision not to raise
price in the back half of the year as to not be disruptive to our customers. When you look at it on an entire
basis of the full year, our price/cost was roughly neutral. So -- and we're happy with that.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Our next question comes from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.

Christopher D. Glynn
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Just kind of following up on Deane's question. Is there any defensive component to how you're pricing
with the large customers? Or is that really all emanating from your tactical execution by customer just for
share, independent of market dynamics?

Thomas B. Okray
Senior VP & CFO

I guess there's always some tactical, but I would say the majority is the latter. Some of it's product mix
within a given customer, some of it's customer-specific mix.

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

I mean, I guess, Chris, I mean, I think maybe your question -- underneath the question is, has the
competitive environment heightened with large customers. I think it's always been competitive. And we
will always be in a situation where we have to be effective in navigating that competitive environment. It
doesn't feel like it's changed dramatically, but certainly, it's competitive.

Christopher D. Glynn
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Okay. And then also, I think you talked about how it kind of is in -- by customer, did you suggest that this
would be a 2020, 2021 process, and then you might open up some gross margin headroom after 2021?

Thomas B. Okray
Senior VP & CFO

It's difficult. It's difficult enough to predict 2020, to try to predict 2021. Ideally, 2021, we would get back
to a more -- a lesser decline in gross margin on a year-over-year basis?

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

Yes, I would say, Chris, that we have a lot of a lot of confidence in the value proposition that we have. Our
service is exceptional. Our customers want to do business with us. Over time, we think that we should be
in a position to get price as much as anybody and to be able to continue to have very strong operating
margins with our customers. So we are confident in what we are doing. In the short term, with trade and
with the environment, it's been a little bit lumpy and clearly. But we're pretty confident in the long-term
ability to improve our margin.

Operator

Our next question comes from Patrick Baumann with JPMorgan.

Patrick Michael Baumann
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Maybe just start off on the midsize versus large customers. Just wondering, into next year or I guess this
year into 2020, if you'd expect midsize customers to still outpace large? Or does that flip with some of
the share gain initiatives you've been talking about for large? And then somewhat related to that, you
described U.S. outgrowth in the quarter as 300 basis points. And then you said large was 350, and midsize
was 550? So I'm just wondering what dragged down the total segment?

Thomas B. Okray
Senior VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Sure. I'll take the first part of the question first. Yes, definitely, we would expect medium customers to
grow faster than large. I guess the way we look at it is large at about 300 bps faster than the market;
midsize, about 500 bps faster than the market on the low end. As it relates to the chart that shows large
and midsize, there is a service revenue component that is included in those charts for large and medium.
Not to get too technical on you, but that is a very important part of our business. That is really embedding
with the customer. On the U.S. segment, that is reflected on a net basis, meaning we adjust cost out. So
that's the difference between the 2 numbers where you're always going to have large and medium be
higher than the U.S. segment.

Patrick Michael Baumann
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. I'd like to follow up on that after -- just one more from you, just if you could talk about the path
forward at Cromwell? And what's embedded in your Other Businesses guidance there in terms of losses
for 2020? And then on the same topic for other businesses, the magnitude of Zoro investments made in
2019? And whether you still expect most of that spending to fall off in 2020?

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So let me focus on Zoro and Cromwell. I think other than Zoro and Cromwell, we expect continued
improvement in the businesses, and we see a nice path. Cromwell, we would expect this year to cut the
losses roughly in half. For this year, that's our expectation. And I would say there's a couple of things
going on at Cromwell. One is, certainly, the market has not been great, and a portion of it has been
related to that. A lot of it has been some service issues we had, that we have completely worked through.
We are hearing much better things from the marketplace. Our Net Promoter Score has gone from not very
good to quite good, actually. And the team is pretty excited about what we're doing. We have a new team
over there. We're comfortable with the actions they're taking.

Cromwell is interesting. If you remember why we bought Cromwell, it was as a platform for the online
business and because we thought it was a good business. Zoro U.K. is actually doing quite well, and we
would expect it to be profitable in 2021. So really by the end of the year, we should have a view as to
whether or not both of those businesses can be successful and profitable. And that's when we'll really sort
of evaluate what we think we need to do. So as I mentioned on the -- in the prepared remarks, we have
taken a bunch of cost out of that business. We have seen great service improvement. We have won a few
contracts with customers recently that gives us some confidence that things are coming back. But it's still
a steep climb to get better.

The investments in Zoro, most -- a lot of those investments start to come out this year. We made
significant investments in the fourth quarter, some systems investments that had a few glitches, but
we're through them. We expect improvement this year and then significant improvement again in 2021
with that business. And as I mentioned, we're excited to have Masaya Suzuki lead that business. He's
been through this at the same point with MonotaRO and really feel like he's going to help that business
accelerate performance going forward.

Thomas B. Okray
Senior VP & CFO

So there's no reason we can't see the margin profile longer-term for Zoro will be consistent with
MonotaRO.

Operator

Our next question comes from Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research Company.

Adam William Uhlman
Cleveland Research Company

Tom, I guess, could you expand a little bit more about your comments earlier about the cadence of
earnings for the year. I'm just wondering the fourth quarter costs for Zoro were higher than expected.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Does that carry into the first quarter here as things were ironed out? And then are those that are moving
pieces we should keep in mind, like, the customer show, other investment spending for Louisville? I'm just
trying to get a sense of should we be bracing for larger earnings declines in the first quarter and into the
second and then recovery in the second half of the year?

Thomas B. Okray
Senior VP & CFO

Well, if you're talking specifically about SG&A, I'll go back to D.G.'s answer on Zoro. 2019 was an
investment year for Zoro where we spent heavily in SG&A related to adding people, technology and
advertising, that will be reduced significantly beginning in Q1, so that will be a material impact. The way
I would think about SG&A is the way we've talked about it. We plan on growing SG&A at half the rate of
sales. We'll continue with the productivity that D.G. talked about in a previous answer. As it relates to
gross profit, we see no difference than our normal seasonality, we expect Q1 to be greater gross margin
than Q4 of this year. And then we expect it to decline throughout the year with Q4 being a relative uptick
to Q3. Does that get at your question?

Adam William Uhlman
Cleveland Research Company

Yes. Yes, that helps. And then secondly, could you expand a little bit more about what you guys are seeing
in the near-term from a customer-spending and general-environment perspective? It looked like most
of the end market or the sales growth by end market was relatively similar to last quarter. I guess did
anything stand out to you as notable? And then as we think about the investments that are being made
into the sales force and the verticalization efforts from this past year, are there any vertical markets that
we should look to see accelerating growth next year as evidence of a payoff on those investments?

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

Yes, Adam. So what I would say is that we are privileged to see a very wide swath of the economy with
our customers. We have not seen much change over the last 8 months, really, I would say. We continue
to see a market that is slow growth, but not trailing off in anything worse at this point. And the customer
end market results that we've seen in the last 2 quarters, our expectation is that they won't be dissimilar
to start the year and that they're likely to get a little better as the year goes along. That would be our
expectation at this point, not much better, a little bit better as you move along. So I don't -- we don't see
anything all that unusual in our end markets right now. We haven't over the last couple of quarters.

Operator

Our next question comes from Chris Dankert with Longbow Research.

Christopher M. Dankert
Longbow Research LLC

Just one question from me. Thanks so much for the update on large customer approach has swinging
for the fences on volume there. I guess, could you give a brief update on kind of the medium customer
strategy, there's still some concern about this being more price competitive piece of the business? Just
how are you balancing digital versus high-touch? And what does the go-to-market look like in medium
customer in 2020 here?

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So midsize customers are actually less price sensitive. And we continue to see much higher margins
with midsize customers. We're trying to build the growth, so that can become a more meaningful portion
of the portfolio. We continue to see the ability under the Grainger brand to acquire new customers. We
continue to see growth with our existing customers through our inside sales team and through fairly
simple pricing actions our service model really sings things to midsize customers. We continue to get very
loyal customers in through the funnel. We're a digital-first in the sense that most of our midsize customer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

acquisition comes through a digital-first touch. And then we do a lot of work to understand who the
customer is, what the profile is and move them through the cycle in some cases to get them to comforts
that makes sense for them. That has proven to be fairly successful. And we -- as Tom said, we expect to
continue to grow faster with midsize customers at higher gross profit than we will have with large.

Christopher M. Dankert
Longbow Research LLC

Got it. I guess just one sort of follow-up on that. I mean the 400 to 500 basis points above market in
medium customer, anything that helps us kind of get our arms around what informs that or why that's
kind of sustainable longer term?

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

Well, I think the most obvious is we lost a lot of that business. If you remember, we were kind of $1.6
billion in that business, it went down to $800-something million, and now we're up over $1 billion again.
There's a lot of customers that we continue to reengage. And a lot of our marketing efforts are proving
to be very successful with these customers. And once we get customers back and they realize that we
are not, that we're reasonably priced, very high service solution, they are coming back and working with
Grainger again.

Operator

Our next question comes from John Inch with Gordon Haskett.

Ka Wing Lau
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors

It's Karen Lau dialing in for John. So D.G., I think in the past few year, you had mentioned that given --
after the price reset, pricing pressure from large accounts has kind of diminished because your prices are
more competitive. It sounded like that is maybe changing a little bit into 2020? I was -- obviously, there's
the defense versus offense components. But the whole thing is now a little reminiscent of what happened
before you do the pricing reset. So my question is, can you compare their -- the customers' behavior
today versus how they were 3 years ago and then compare your ability to respond to that versus 3 years
ago based on the pricing resets?

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So I mean, I don't think the situations are at all now, I guess, back then, we were losing share
dramatically with higher-margin customers. We are not doing that now. Large customer business, even
back then was very competitive. Most of them was on custom pricing contracts. That is still the same
today, the large customer pricing. The advantage we got through the price change was that some of
the tail spend was easier to get large customers to sign up for because if they weren't buying things
frequently then our prices then made sense, that is still the case. We have simpler pricing discussions with
our customers now. They are still competitive. They were competitive back then. They're still competitive
now.

Ka Wing Lau
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors

Okay. Maybe looking at it as a sort of a different angle. So midsize, obviously, has been a focus in the past
2 years and has been very successful for you guys. I guess the shift to large accounts and I guess the
effect of that kind of deemphasizing midsize account a little bit, is it just a function of you have been very
successful and done what you could do with those accounts? So it's hard to do more to further accelerate
the outgrowth in that market? How -- I mean, how are you thinking about that?

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

I would say we are not deemphasizing midsize customers at all. We still think they will grow faster than
large. We are making sure that we are competitive with our large customers. And that's important.
Obviously, given the size of that customer group for us. That is a bigger lever on growth at this point. And
so we need to make sure that we are growing with both, but we are not deemphasizing anything. We still
think there's a long runway ahead from midsize customers.

Operator

Our next question comes from Robert Barry with Buckingham Research.

Robert Douglas Barry
The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated

Just a few follow-ups, actually. It looks like price is assumed neutral in the guide. Is that right?

Thomas B. Okray
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Basically, we're looking at price/cost to be relatively neutral. As we said in the prepared remarks,
we've got the 3 variables that we're trying to balance: share growth, market competitiveness in terms of
pricing, as well as passing on inflationary cost. And similar to this year, we're going to balance those 3,
and we think we'll end up somewhere flattish from a price/cost perspective.

Robert Douglas Barry
The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated

Got it. And I think when you first did the price reset, the goal was to narrow what had become a very
large premiums market, but to still maintain some modest premium to go-to-market as the premium
provider and to price that way. Is that still true? Or -- it almost sounds like -- kind of alluding to the earlier
question that maybe you're getting a little more aggressive, more happy to err actually on the side of
under versus overpricing the market?

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

We still have a premium with our list prices, we will continue to do that. It's a modest premium, and we'll
continue to have that. And then I think the comment earlier was when you're going after large contracts, a
portion of the volume that you could get pretty aggressive, and we've always done that, and we just have
to continue to do that.

Thomas B. Okray
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. I think you're making too much about price as it relates to large customers versus just a normal
business dynamic, where you're going from individual locations to a much bigger piece of a total company.
That's just -- there's going to be part of, as D.G. says, that you're going to have a certain part of the offer
that's going to be priced aggressively to get your foot in the door.

Robert Douglas Barry
The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated

Got it. And just lastly, Tom, on the gross margin cadence through the year. I understand, in absolute
terms, higher in 1Q and then down through the year. But had you alluded earlier to the year-over-year
decline in gross margin being larger in 1Q and then moderating as the year progressed? Or did I mishear
that?

Thomas B. Okray
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. No. No, you heard it correctly. The front half of the year is definitely going to be a larger year-over-
year decline in the back half. And that just is a lapping consideration where, again, we were heavy on

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

price at the beginning of the year in '19, cost didn't kick in until the back half of the year. So yes, that's
the correct way to model.

Operator

Our next question comes from Hamzah Mazari with Jefferies.

Mario J. Cortellacci
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

This is Mario Cortellacci filling in for Hamzah. I know you guys already touched on the Zoro business and
the roll-off of the investments. And just curious, I guess, as margins build in that business, do you think
that you'll break out Zoro and MonotaRO as a separate segment? I mean some could argue that your
multiple doesn't really represent that business at all, given where other online marketplace assets trade
at?

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

Yes. What I would say is that with Masaya now running this, we think we have a couple of years of really
hard work to make sure that we are performing on a path like the MonotaRO business has been in the
U.S. and in the U.K., that's our entire attention on. We are fully aware of the question and -- but right
now, we're really focused on making sure we get the business to be as successful as possible.

Thomas B. Okray
Senior VP & CFO

And as it relates to reportable segments, obviously, we'll follow all SEC regulations in terms of doing that.

Mario J. Cortellacci
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Got you. Okay. And then just one quick follow-up. I think your working capital has been a cash flow drag
in 2018 and 2019. I just want to know what your assumptions were for 2020. And maybe just a little color
on the reason for the headwinds? Is it mostly the endless assortment portion?

Thomas B. Okray
Senior VP & CFO

No. No. You rightly point out that it has been a little bit of a drag in '18 and '19. I would be disappointed if
it didn't become more of a tailwind in 2020.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael McGinn with Wells Fargo.

Michael Lawrence McGinn
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

If I could lean in on the Zoro and MonotaRO discussion, as your model continues to shift more towards
a reseller base, what does the business look like today in terms of sourcing? And along those lines, what
kind of ballpark service fee are you targeting relative to similar BDC e-commerce peers? Is it something
similar like Alibaba in Europe, around mid-single digits; or higher, something like Amazon is charging?

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

I'm sorry, could you -- I'm not sure I fully understand the question. So let me just tell you what we're
doing, and maybe that will help you -- help me answer it. We are not creating a marketplace a la Alibaba
or a la Amazon. We actually will have supplier relationships that we have -- some of them direct ship to
customers for Zoro. That's what we've done in MonotaRO. And so the GPs tend to be slightly less there,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

but not dramatically less. When you do that because we don't have big package shipped. But it's not like
it's a -- and that's all we're getting. So I think it's a different model than you're describing.

Thomas B. Okray
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, and it's definitely a win-win for the suppliers that are dropshipping and certainly for us.

Michael Lawrence McGinn
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. Asked a different way. Is MonotaRO currently getting a service fee from Zoro? And does that go up
over time as the business expands?

Thomas B. Okray
Senior VP & CFO

Okay. That's a different question. Yes, there is a variable service fee that Zoro does pay to MonotaRO, and
it's based on their profitability.

Michael Lawrence McGinn
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Sorry, it's based on Zoro's profitability?

Thomas B. Okray
Senior VP & CFO

Yes.

Michael Lawrence McGinn
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. And what is that currently? And what do you expect that to trend to as you build to 10 million SKUs?

Thomas B. Okray
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, not going to go into those types of details.

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

It will get bigger. As they're successful, it will get bigger because it's based on profit. It's a very small
portion of that.

Operator

Our next question comes from Justin Bergner with Gabelli & Company.

Justin Laurence Bergner
Morgan Group Holding Co.

Two quick ones here. Most have been answered. With respect to the Canadian gross margin improvement.
Is that sustainable? Or was there anything sort of onetime that benefited the fourth quarter?

Thomas B. Okray
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. As we said in our prepared remarks, some of that was win dated related to supply chain efficiencies. I
guess, if I were to score it roughly, I'd say, half of it will continue, half of it will fall off.

Justin Laurence Bergner
Morgan Group Holding Co.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Okay. That's helpful. And then the retail customer segment improved dramatically in the quarter, I guess,
to mid-teens growth. Just curious if that's sort of idiosyncratic or if there's initiatives there or some
underlying backdrop that's favorable?

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

Just to be clear, retail for us typically does not mean retail stores, it means warehouse is attached to
retail. And as you would guess, that has continued to be a growing business in the U.S. as more stuff
shows up at your door. So that's what's driving that growth. That is a growing segment.

All right. Thanks. I appreciate everybody being on the call. I would just reiterate, we are really confident in
our path. We feel good about share gain and profitability in the U.S. We feel really good about the online
model, excited to have Masaya to lead that and drive strong growth and profitability there. And we will get
Canada and Cromwell right. But generally, I would say we're very excited about where we're going.

And I appreciate you listening to the call today. Thanks.

Operator
Thank you. This concludes today's conference. All parties may disconnect. Have a great day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

