Hasbro, Inc. NasdaqGS:HAS
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Monday, July 27, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.23

0.02

(91.30 %)

1.55

3.44

4.43

Revenue  (mm)

986.51

860.28

(12.80 %)

1816.52

5641.30

6158.08

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-27-2020 1:05 PM GMT

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.20

0.92

0.56

0.23

1.84

1.24

0.57

0.02

(16.36 %)

34.78 %

1.79 %

(91.30 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
HASBRO, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Debbie Hancock
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

Deborah M. Thomas
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Andrew Edward Crum
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Arpine Kocharyan
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Brett Richard Andress
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

David James Beckel
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG,
Research Division

Devin MacArthur Brisco
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Eric Owen Handler
MKM Partners LLC, Research
Division

Felicia Rae Kantor Hendrix
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Frederick Charles Wightman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Gerrick Luke Johnson
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Jaime M. Katz
Morningstar Inc., Research Division

Michael Ng
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Priya Joy Ohri-Gupta
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Stephanie Marie Schiller
Wissink
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Tami Zakaria
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Timothy Andrew Conder
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HASBRO, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the Hasbro Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to turn the
call over to Ms. Debbie Hancock, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Debbie Hancock
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Joining me this morning are Brian Goldner, Hasbro's Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer; and Deb Thomas, Hasbro's Chief Financial Officer. Today, we will begin with
Brian and Deb providing commentary on the company's performance and an update on the company's
response to the COVID-19 pandemic, then we will take your questions. Our earnings release and
presentation slides for today's call are posted on our investor website. The press release and presentation
include information regarding non-GAAP adjustments and non-GAAP financial measures. Our call today will
discuss certain adjusted measures, which exclude these non-GAAP adjustments. A reconciliation of GAAP
to non-GAAP measures is included in the press release and presentation. Please note that whenever we
discuss earnings per share, or EPS, we are referring to earnings per diluted share.

Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during this call and the question-and-answer session
that follows, members of Hasbro management may make looking statements concerning management's
expectations, goals, objectives and similar matters. These statements include, among others, the impact
of the coronavirus on our business, financial results and liquidity; our efforts to protect the health and
well-being of our workforce, customers, consumers, manufacturers and suppliers; our efforts to ensure we
have adequate liquidity; and our initiatives to support our communities, including our global workforce,
children and their families during these difficult times.

There are many factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated
results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. These factors include those
set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K, our most recent 10-Q in today's press release and in our
other public disclosures. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made
today to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this call.

I would now like to introduce Brian Goldner. Brian?

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Debbie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Our global teams
continued to execute well, working at distance and across businesses that are rapidly evolving. They
are leveraging our experience, data, insights and capabilities to address the ways in which this global
pandemic has challenged us, and we are making significant progress in this third quarter, while we're
headed toward a good holiday season. Our belief in the opportunity for Hasbro over the next few years has
also intensified as we see this team in action during this challenging year. While there is a great deal of
unpredictability, the year so far is unfolding in line with the expectations we shared with you last quarter.
The second quarter is expected to be our most difficult as we experienced closures in many of our third-
party factories, at retail and in entertainment production, which negatively impacted revenues. We believe
the third quarter will improve from the second quarter, and we expect to make progress, but there are
evolving situations that exist around the world.

Finally, we're executing strong marketing campaigns and launching innovative new products to support
what we believe can be a successful holiday season. As a grounding principle, we remain focused on the 4
key areas we shared with you in April: demand, supply, liquidity and community.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HASBRO, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

Looking at demand, consumers continue to seek out Hasbro brands and our content at high levels. Global
point-of-sale increased in the high single digits and has continued to be strong as we entered the third
quarter across an even broader array of our brands. Engagement in our content is, in several cases, at
record levels. In recent months, the number of retail stores open has increased dramatically. We began
the second quarter with approximately 30% or more of stores, where we are doing business closed
globally. Foot traffic was down in certain European countries by as much as 50% at the peak. Today, we
are below 10% of retail closed globally, with the greatest impact in Latin America, where approximately
25% of stores remain closed. These percentages are changing based on the ability to reopen economies
and keep them open. We expect Latin America will be a difficult region for us in 2020, given the impact of
COVID-19 and the small percentage of business executed online.

Globally, e-comm grew rapidly as it represents where the consumer has the broadest access to the Hasbro
brands they want. At nearly 30% of our toy and game revenue in the quarter, e-comm's share of revenue
expanded by nearly 13 percentage points. Our teams were ready to capitalize on this shift as we've
been investing in building a digital-first organization for many years. During this time, we further our
capabilities and exhibited great creativity and flexibility to meet the consumer where they want to shop.

In addition to strong results from pure-play and omnichannel e-comm, Hasbro Pulse, our D2C channel,
had a record quarter and implemented successful campaigns, including Fan First Friday, which brings fans
something new and exciting each and every week about the brands they love.

Earlier this quarter, we launched what is now our most successful HasLab project ever, the X-Men Legends
Marvel's Sentinel. It hit our funding threshold in 24 hours and after 10 days, has more than 11,000
backers for a $350 collectible item. While Pulse is still a relatively small revenue number, this connection
with our fans is powerful and will grow over time. Demand remains strong for our games in PLAY-DOH, but
the production shutdowns we discussed last quarter, which began mid-March and lasted to about mid-May,
impacted our ability to fully meet demand during the quarter. In-stock levels for gains in PLAY-DOH were
below our normal thresholds, and we expect to be caught up later this quarter and ready for the holiday.
Production disruption also impacted certain product timing for delivery in the second half of the year. NERF
saw a growth in second quarter global POS as we quickly pivoted our strategy to capitalize on consumers
looking for fun ways to get the family outside and active.

In the U.S. and Europe, POS for the past several weeks increased double digits, but some of our second
half launches had shifted about a month later due to the limited supply coming out of India. In addition,
as retailers move to a digital model and stores were closed, their retail inventory requirements declined.
In the U.S., retail inventories reduced in the high teens, which represented about 7 weeks of inventory.
Similar shifts occurred in other markets. We believe the digital-led model will continue with e-comm today
forecasted to be about 30% or more of our full year revenues. We also believe some retailers may exhibit
caution as they gauge the rate at which markets reopen and shoppers return to stores. The industry
continues to undergo a shift to fulfilling consumer demand versus filling stores, and we are very well
positioned.

Throughout this year, our retailers and our consumers have supported the toy and game category, and
our joint plans with retail partners give us confidence in our ability to deliver a good holiday season.
We have all new initiatives, many more than I can cover here, including new products for brands with
good momentum in Gaming and NERF as well as Disney's Frozen 2 and Lucasfilm's Star Wars, where
the properties have seen great consumer demand and have strong new lines, including the retail arrival
of products featuring the child from the Disney+ series, The Mandalorian, and the much anticipated
animatronic edition arrives for the holidays.

MAGIC: THE GATHERING revenues were down in the quarter as forecasted. The brand is performing well
overall and set up for a good second half of the year in both analog and digital play behind new card
releases and the expansion of MAGIC: THE GATHERING Arena to mobile and into China.

Moving to supply. Our supply chain is now in good position. We have returned to production in our third-
party factories. China factories were caught up in early second quarter, and we anticipate catching up
on demand in other locations by the latter half of this quarter. Our global operations team has worked

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HASBRO, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

diligently to maximize our global footprint, shifting production to other locations where feasible and have
reforecasted the year based on the changes to mix and timing.

Next, liquidity. Hasbro is in a strong financial position, and we ended the quarter with just over $1 billion
in cash on our balance sheet. Our revolving credit line of $1.5 billion remains available and accessible.
As the shutdowns have continued, we have taken costs out of the business in areas where we cannot
currently operate, including making difficult decisions to furlough some employees and to simplify our
commercial organization.

On the content side, eOne production is gradually returning. As a result of being unable to produce to
our plan, our cash spend on content for 2020 is now projected to be approximately $450 million to $550
million. We'll complete and deliver this content this year, but our slate and some revenues will also shift
into 2021. Demand for eOne content is strong, and the team is doing good work, executing a successful
virtual con and developing over 100 film and 60 new TV projects, including Hasbro IP and new IP.

We launched a new animated series on Netflix, Alien TV and continue to develop and produce new content
for PEPPA PIG, PJ MASKS and the MY LITTLE PONY 2021 feature film.

We have made great progress integrating our businesses, including combining our consumer products
and entertainment teams and remain on track to deliver the $130 million in synergies by year-end
2022. Importantly, we are working to unlock the long-term value of the organization as we develop new
entertainment and commercial opportunities around Hasbro IP.

Finally, community. Our focus on our purpose to make the world a better place for all children and all
families has never been more important. Hasbro has continued to support global philanthropic initiatives
that bring relief to children and their families worldwide during this crisis by providing meals as well
as learning materials to those most in need. We remain deeply committed to using our brands, our
resources and our expertise to help make a difference in our local communities and around the world.
We've applied this belief to the ongoing dialogue across our company around racial injustice, listening
and looking within ourselves and our organization critically and honestly. While we don't have all the
answers, we have never been more committed to fostering a culture of inclusion and using our brands, our
entertainment and our influence to make a difference in the world. At Hasbro, we are in a unique position
to help shape minds and hearts from the earliest age. We have the privilege of being part of childhood,
fandom and intergenerational play and entertainment globally. With that privilege comes a responsibility
to foster inclusion and to help teach the next generation that everyone is equal and everyone is worthy,
making a difference in the world is our purpose and our legacy. We want every kid to feel like the hero,
to see themselves on the screen and in their toys and games, to feel they belong and that they matter,
irrespective of the color of their skin.

I believe we have strengthened Hasbro this year by rethinking how we've done things in the past
and we've changed our approach going forward. We've remained invested in areas of high consumer
consumption and interest in innovation, content, digital gaming and consumer products. We've
strengthened our path to the consumer, leveraging our digital-first multichannel strategy and our global
retail footprint. We've increased our agility and speed to market, adapting Hasbro plans as initiatives
shifted to next year, and we are set to execute and deliver a strong 2021 across a robust lineup of
entertainment and innovation with entertainment from eOne and our partners, new gaming launches in
digital and tabletop and new play initiatives across our brands.

I'd now like to turn the call over to Deb. Deb?

Deborah M. Thomas
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. As Brian said, our global teams have come together in
2020, and we're operating from a position of strength. As we forecasted and shared last quarter, the
second quarter was extremely challenging, but we are reassured by the strong demand for our products
and our content by our ability to reduce expenses and manage our cash and by our team's creativity and
agility during these times.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HASBRO, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

We shared with you last quarter that up to 25% of retail could be closed during the second quarter, live-
action entertainment production would not return until the third quarter, MAGIC: THE GATHERING would
have a difficult quarter due to tough comparisons based on our release cadence a year ago and revenue
timing and that profitability would be challenging. We saw those realities come to fruition. Going forward,
as stores reopen, entertainment production begins to return, MAGIC has meaningful launches in analog
and digital, and we execute our marketing plans for the back half of the year, we believe the third quarter
is the beginning of the road to recovery and performance should meaningfully improve from the second
quarter.

We expect to be positioned for a good holiday season. The ability for economies to continue reopening
stores and production of both product and entertainment and keep them open will be important factors in
the year's ultimate outcome.

My discussion today will be versus pro forma adjusted 2019 earnings and exclude eOne acquisition-related
expenses, severance and amortization. In our reported numbers, we reflected $26.5 million after-tax of
onetime acquisition expenses and amortization or an impact of $0.19 per share, and $10.1 million after-
tax or $0.07 per share of severance expense associated with simplifying our go-to-market approach and
our Film and TV businesses where operations have not returned.

Our integration with eOne remains on track, and we continue to target synergies of $130 million by
year-end 2022. This includes 2020 cost savings of approximately $20 million before onetime expenses
recognizing the eOne business, like the overall Hasbro business, is not operating to our original plan due
to COVID-19. These synergies are planned to increase in 2021 as we begin to in-source toys and games
for eOne properties and recognize more of the benefit of cost savings.

We continue to focus our organization around demand, supply, liquidity and community. I will begin with
liquidity. We have substantial liquidity ending the quarter with over $1 billion in cash on the balance sheet
and $1.5 billion available through our revolving credit facility. We are well within our financial covenants.
Our peak working capital period remains ahead coming in the October-November time frame. Since
last quarter, we've reduced our expenses, and we're closely managing our cash, including our customer
collections. Throughout the second quarter in certain markets and channels, some customers remain
closed and the collection of certain receivables is delayed.

We are seeing improvement as stores reopen, and we're working closely with these customers to
successfully navigate this period. As a result, DSO in the period increased to 96 days from 84 days
on a pro forma basis last year. Second quarter 2020 receivables include approximately $207 million
associated with eOne. Our cash spend on content this year has been reduced as production is limited due
to COVID-19. For the full year, we plan to spend within a range of $450 million to $550 million, which
is approximately $200 million below our initial expectations for the year. This reflects a delay in spend,
not an elimination, and we're making these investments to develop content and drive revenues as we
reschedule productions in 2020 and into 2021.

Our capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $145 million to $155 million this year, in line
with our first quarter update, and we've spent $64 million in the first half of the year. Tooling for our
products remains the largest item and is timed to the back half of the year. This amount also reflects the
capitalization of digital gaming development expenses related to games to be launched in future years.
Inventory is essentially flat year-over-year, including a small contribution from eOne. On a constant dollar
basis, inventories were up approximately 5%.

Our next focus is demand. I'll build on Brian's commentary. For the second quarter, revenues declined
28%, absent the FX. In the U.S. and Canada segment, U.S. point-of-sale growth in the high teens did
not translate to revenue growth due to temporary store closures, product shortages and lower retail
inventories. Both pure-play and omnichannel e-comm retail grew rapidly. Hasbro gaming revenue
increased more than 20% and certain Partner Brands, notably Star Wars and Frozen 2, also grew. Despite
lower expenses, operating profit declined on the lower revenues, including a negative mix impact from
lower MAGIC: THE GATHERING revenue.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HASBRO, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

International segment revenues declined as well. Revenues were down in each region, with Latin America
declining the most meaningfully as the region started the year with higher retail inventory and has a very
low penetration of e-comm. Similar to the U.S. and Canada segment, temporary store closures, product
shortages and lower retail inventory impacted shipments in the quarter. Select Gaming and Partner Brands
were up in the segment, and e-comm revenues were up meaningfully. The International segment reported
an operating loss versus operating profit last year as a result of the lower revenues, partially offset by
lower expenses.

In the Entertainment, Licensing and Digital segment, revenues declined due to the closure of Backflip
Studios in late 2019 and lower consumer product revenues. In Consumer Products, we estimate as many
as 60% of retailers were closed during the quarter. Many of these retailers continue to be impacted, and
not all our licensees have access to e-comm and the supply chain that we do. We expect this part of the
business will also be impacted in Q3. Profit improved in the quarter due to lower program production
expense and lower expenses due in part to last year's closure of Backflip Studios and the additional launch
period advertising for MAGIC: THE GATHERING.

In the eOne segment, while content demand by consumers remains high, revenue was hampered by
the limits on live-action production and delivery, along with lower consumer product sales, advertising
revenues and live events. Operating profit in the segment increased due to lower program amortization,
royalties and advertising expense this year versus last.

Third, let's look at supply. As we outlined last quarter, production shutdowns in our factories during the
second quarter impacted our in-stock levels, most notably in games and delayed the delivery of certain
second half 2020 launches. While factories in China, which represent 55% of our production were open,
factories in the U.S., Ireland and India were closed for much of the quarter. Production is back and
operating, and the teams are targeting the latter part of the third quarter to be caught back up. This
depends on being able to ensure production can continue and staffing is at adequate levels. One area to
note is the cost of airfreight is up substantially this year versus last. Should we airfreight product to meet
demand during the holiday period, this will increase costs.

As we close with community, we remain focused on our team's safety, health and well-being, and
we recognize what a tremendous job our teams continue to do during what is a very challenging and
uncertain period. They are showing great resolve and ingenuity to chart our path forward and provide
support for each other and for the communities in which we're operating. There are learnings from this
experience, which will help define our company and how we operate for years to come.

Before we open for questions, let me touch on a few expense items on a pro forma basis. Gross margin
increased 160 basis points, including both cost of sales and program production cost amortization driven
by product mix, including delivery of higher-margin content and a reduction in program amortizations
somewhat offset by higher sales allowances. The decrease in advertising was driven by lower promotional
spend in eOne due to the lack of theatrical releases combined with savings across all of our commercial
businesses.

We've aligned our advertising to reflect the current demand environment, but also shifted the timing of
spending and have meaningful promotional plans to drive consumer demand for the holiday. SD&A was
down $26 million, reflecting the cost savings initiatives we've undertaken across the business as well as
lower freight and warehousing. Bad debt expense was up above $5 million within the commercial regions,
reflecting the current environment. As in the first quarter, the alignment of accounting policies on cost
capitalization and stock compensation resulted in higher admin costs for eOne.

Within SD&A, approximately 80% of our dollars are fixed, resulting in a fluctuation as a percentage of
revenue. In closing, while we continue to see the year developing as we anticipated, there remains a great
deal of uncertainty in the global marketplace that underlies this expectation. What has been consistent
is the robust demand for our brands and content and the strong execution by our global teams. We are
positioning ourselves to execute a good holiday season and to drive our business in 2021 and beyond.
Now Brian and I are happy to take your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HASBRO, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

And our first question is from the line of Arpine Kocharyan with UBS.

Arpine Kocharyan
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

You indicated in the release that you expect revenue from shipment to brick-and-mortar and delivery
of content to continue to be impacted by shutdowns, and I know you also mentioned consumer license
revenue in your prepared remarks. Could you perhaps clarify the extent of that impact? I guess on the
eOne side, I understand there could still be tied to sort of partial resumption of production. But on the
legacy toy business, it sounds like a majority of retail footprint is open. I mean perhaps single-digit in
terms of a percentage of total. Could you just clarify what that means and what implication that has for
the back half?

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Sure. First on eOne, you're right. We've begun to commence productions again, particularly focused on
the Canadian market where we're able to produce and in the U.K. And we're waiting to be able to start
production here in the United States, particularly in the Los Angeles area and other areas of the U.S.

As we look at the plan for the year, we just want to highlight the fact that Latin American retailers will
remain somewhat close to about that 25%, which gets us to about that below 10% globally. Clearly, Latin
America has had more of an impact from COVID-19 and less e-commerce business. In fact, e-commerce,
there is about 1/3 of the size as a percent of the business than the rest of our global business we're
executing quite well globally. So we wanted to highlight that as well.

And then just wanted to make it clear. Clearly, in Q2, we were starting to ship or wanting to ship more for
our second half initiatives. And clearly, coming out of India, where we have a lot of our NERF production
on some new items, we were not able to get that in for Q2. And so that will come in as part of Q3. We're
also catching up in the U.S. If you think about the Massachusetts factory, where many of our games and
PLAY-DOH are made as well as the Irish factory, that was closed from about mid-March to about mid-May.
And so again, there's a catch-up period. But overall, we feel very good about the continued strong POS
that continues to expand across a broader array of products and very strong plan from Wizards of the
Coast and MAGIC: THE GATHERING and Dungeons & Dragons for Q3 and then moving into a very good
holiday season with lots of new initiatives.

Arpine Kocharyan
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

That's helpful. And then on eOne, it sounds like cash spend in terms of content production for the year
is lowered a further 9%. And in Q1, it was down about sort of 23% on a full year basis. And you also
mentioned some slight revenue shift. So is it fair to say that revenue on the media side of things from
eOne is down more than 30% for the year?

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

We -- what we're looking at is some restarting of production and eOne has a number of shows that
have been sold around the world to different platforms. And so now it's just a matter of commencing
production. And some of the difference of whether their revenue will fall in 2020 or 2021 just has to do
with how many episodes we're able to deliver this calendar year, which is our fiscal or whether those

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HASBRO, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

episodes get delivered in the 2021 period. And then, of course, we recognize the revenues when we
deliver the episodes primarily. Deb, I don't know if you want to comment further.

Deborah M. Thomas
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, exactly, Brian. It's -- the cash spend is down because we are just seeing a bit of a slower return in
certain markets to be able to actually complete that production. So as we look at that, it's really a delay
in delivering the episodes. And you'd particularly think about the live action, it's just the delay. And the
revenue may transfer into 2021 as to when we're actually able to complete it.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Steph Wissink with Jefferies.

Stephanie Marie Schiller Wissink
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

We have two questions. One is a housekeeping question. Brian, you mentioned Lat Am has a significant
under-indexing in e-comm. I'm wondering if you can just march us around the world and talk about
e-comm as a percentage of the total mix in the big regions, just so we can understand the scope of
penetration. And then my bigger picture question is just on -- if you think about maybe what you have
missed in opportunity in the first half of the year, how much should we think about your ability to recoup
some of that in the back half in both eOne and on the toy side in terms of demand. I think, Brian, you
mentioned 7 weeks of supply in channel. That's pretty low. So curious about how much you think you can
recover and build back into channel level inventory over the course of the next 12 to 15 weeks.

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So we -- thanks, Steph. We have built a great e-comm capability globally. So if you go around the
world by region, the U.S. business is tracking, right now, about 1/3 of our business is coming from e-
comm and omnichannel. In Europe, it's about 30%. And in Asia, it's about 30% as well. In Latin America,
we've grown it substantially in an effort to try to get business done in e-comm, but yet the channel still
only represents about 12% of total revenues, and that's up about 10 percentage points versus a year ago.
So the team has done a very good job of trying to make hay there, but recognize that the predominance
of that retail is done in stores. And so that's where we are with e-comm.

As we go toward the third and fourth quarter, as is typical, we expect e-comm to continue to be a high --
that high proportion of our sales, in fact, could increase even further, and the teams are prepared for that
as we go into third and fourth quarter. As we look for the second half of the year around our products and
initiatives, we have very strong demand. Our games business is in very high demand with very strong sell-
throughs. But we've also seen very strong sell-throughs in our NERF business. Over the last 6 to 8 weeks,
we've seen double-digit POS increases, particularly in the U.S. and Europe. And we have retail inventory
down there further than just the average 17% that we saw at overall retail inventory decline. PLAY-DOH is
down similarly.

Look, I'd say that we're taking advantage of every opportunity that we have, but recognize that some of
the stores and retailers view their years really a reopening at this point. And so they're reopening stores.
We know that our major customers have been open throughout as they've sold essential goods. I think
it's particularly why we performed even better. The U.S. has our top 3 retailers represent about 60% of
our total revenues around the world. Those top retailers represent closer to just under 40%. And so I'd
say that some retailers are just reopening, particularly toy specialists. We're seeing good momentum,
particularly in Europe and in Asia Pacific as they reopen. Very strong recent point-of-sale in places like
China, Australia, the U.K., France and other markets.

And we are rebuilding our inventories to the extent that we are launching a lot of new initiatives. It really
isn't about shipping what was available in the first half of the year, but rather teeing up what the new
initiatives are for the second half, we have a very robust lineup for a brand like NERF, for example, where

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HASBRO, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

the ultra lineup will come out around the world, a brand new Elite product to rival product and other. And
that's true across our businesses where we're really lining up to satisfy and exceed consumer demand
around the world.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Michael Ng with Goldman Sachs.

Michael Ng
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I just have two. First, I just wanted to ask for some clarification around your comments about catching up
on missed production by late 3Q. How much was the supply chain headwind in the second quarter? And do
you feel like you have better visibility into the third quarter because there are kind of written orders that
have yet to be fulfilled? And then I have a quick follow-up.

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Yes, it's exactly right. We are really seeing the strong demand across a number of brands for our business.
Very strong demand and lots of new initiatives launching in Hasbro Gaming. Lots of new products across
Hasbro Gaming, a brand-new addition, CLUE LIARS. We've got a brand-new Dungeons & Dragons game
coming for a starter set, Adventure Begins. We've got Deer Pong, Operation Pet Scan, a whole lineup
of the new MONOPOLY games coming for the second half. Similarly, brand-new Star Wars. Star Wars
has been performing quite well. But in the second half of the year, we have the second season of The
Mandalorian and The Child product, but also very strong collector sales there. 9:06 AM The NERF lineup
that I described, including launch of NERF Ultra and other brand-new initiatives.

So we have good visibility to consumer demand and our retailer plans are quite robust as we go through
Q3 and into Q4.

Michael Ng
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Great. And my second question was on MAGIC. I can appreciate there were difficult year-ago comps, and
there was the pull forward to 1Q that you guys had spoken about. It seemed like tabletop was probably
down meaningfully year-over-year in the quarter. Could you just talk about some of the unique things that
are impacting tabletop, particularly the hobby store closures. Are those stores reopening as well in the
back half? And are you seeing renewed demand as those hobby stores reopen?

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Yes. The engagement with MAGIC has been quite strong. The headwinds were really about shipments in
the quarter and that MAGIC's full year 2020 plans are still very much in line with our plan and belief, that
over this 5-year period from 2018 to 2023, '24, we can double the size of the Wizards business. While the
card release cadence was less in Q2, we did make plans early in the year to drive more in Q1. We have a
big plan for Q3 and for Q4. The Wizards Play Network stores expanded by double digits in the quarter. So
we're seeing more stores reopening.

In Q3, we have a core set incoming and that was just launched in early July. We have a jump-start set
that's going to be launched later July and that was a set that was originally planned for a June release. But
we postponed the jump-start booster to July 17 due to the production challenges that we saw. In 2019,
we had the Modern Horizons set that launched in Q2, and that was a very big set for us. The comparable
set in 2020 is scheduled for August 7 in Q3. So despite the challenging Q2 situation, MAGIC play is very
strong. In fact, Ikoria: Lair of Behemoths, which was the early spring set, where we moved more of the
revenues into Q1, is actually going down. It's the best-selling spring set of all time. And we're also seeing
very good early interest and very high demand and strong sell-in for the core set 2021 that launched just
a couple of weeks ago.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HASBRO, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

The rest of 2020 is filled with other yet to be announced releases for tabletop and for all players and all of
their different play styles.

I also would mention that MAGIC Arena was up in the quarter, even though we had less releases in the
period. Remember, everything is tied to the storytelling around the brand. And we did see over 2.5 billion
games played in total as we look at MAGIC Arena, which is up from $2.1 billion at the end of Q1. MAGIC
Arena players are still spending about 9 hours a week on average. And Arena is coming to mobile which,
of course, is the most played global platform and is also launching in China in partnership with Tencent.

So again, we feel very good about the MAGIC business. It's tracking quite well. We'd always describe
Q2 as a major headwind. In fact, last point. Q2 last year was the biggest quarter for MAGIC. So the
headwinds were substantial.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.

Felicia Rae Kantor Hendrix
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

So Brian, you've kind of already walked us through a lot of things, and you seem to feel better about the
second half than the first. Just parsing through the quarter, wondering if you could just help us understand
how much of that 30% decline was attributable to store closures and supply chain issues. And then also
just trying to understand what the biggest areas that were affected by product shortages were.

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So the most important factor for Q2 is, of course, related to COVID and our #1 priority during that
time is to focus on the teams that are doing excellent work. We want to make sure they remain safe
and operate safely. During the time, Q2, we had 30% of retail closed, and we had Irish, Massachusetts
and Indian factories closed as well as warehouses around the U.S. closed from mid-March to mid-May.
So that's the biggest impact in the quarter by far. Then as we look, we have headwinds with MAGIC:
THE GATHERING that I just described. But also remember, a year ago was Avengers Endgame in second
quarter last year. We were also gearing up for Spider-Man's movie, which came in July last year. So I know
that there's been a lot of conversation about COVID, which is appropriate, but also a headwind there on
the Marvel business. And we are seeing good progress on Star Wars and Frozen, but Marvel was quite
substantial last Q2.

So we are very happy now that our domestic factories and warehouses are open. Also India is back up
and producing. There have some short-term shutdowns and restrictions, but we feel very good that we'll
be able to get those products into the marketplace. And demand has remained incredibly strong. If you
look at our POS globally, it was up high-single digits. That's consistent with the industry growth rates that
we've seen from NPD. Hasbro is holding its share around the world year-to-date. And our Franchise Brands
POS globally were up in the quarter as well. Of course, global games were up by more than 50%. So the
demand for -- consumer demand for products was quite encouraging. And as we get to the second half of
the year, while we may not make up all of what was missed in Q2 for reasons we described, the fact is Q3
will be meaningfully better in Q2, and we expect to have a very good holiday season.

Felicia Rae Kantor Hendrix
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Great. That's super helpful. And then just moving to PEPPA and the family brands in the quarter. Can you
just walk us through a little bit more detail what happened there in relation to YouTube and advertising?
And was that a surprise for you?

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HASBRO, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

Yes. What we saw, really, a couple of things around family brands. So first, PEPPA PIG in Q1 in China
had very strong licensing programs. And remember, we received our licensing revenues in arrears, so
it's always recorded sort of the quarter after. So as we compare what was going on last year in China,
the consumer product licensees there in China, which is several, had a more challenging year this year in
the first quarter in China as the market's just now reopening. They did add a lot of new content deals in
China, which was positive. We did see a reduction in consumer products for PJ MASKS, which was coming
off of holiday of 2019, and we've seen some challenges there.

And now on YouTube, what happens is they changed the algorithm in the way that advertising was to
be presented. We saw some reductions in advertising. The team is now seeing some recent bright spots
there. And our team internally manages all of our YouTube, including now all of the Hasbro brands, like the
YouTube features. But PEPPA is still the #1 viewed preschool property on YouTube with billions of views.
So again, there's been some puts and takes there, but down primarily to, again, to closures and consumer
products challenges in different regions around the world due to the COVID closures.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of David Beckel with Berenberg.

David James Beckel
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG, Research Division

I have two, if I could. The first, I just want to touch on a question that's been asked a few times but
slightly differently is, with factories up and running now, retail inventory is very low, I'm wondering if
you can help us sort of characterize what ship-in or sales might be for the second half, assuming POS is
a certain level? For example, would it be higher, the same or lower than POS? And what are some of the
salient puts and takes to that? And then I have a follow-up.

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So I think there are a couple of shifts that are going on that are quite good for our business as the
team has such expertise in e-comm. But remember, the e-comm retail and omnichannel retail runs with
less a week's supply than average brick-and-mortar. So as more of the mix shift happens toward e-comm,
we need last week's supply there and still can fulfill consumer demand and drive our business. Then as
we look at the reopening of retail, we have new initiatives that are coming MAGIC: THE GATHERING I
just described, Dungeons & Dragons as well has a very robust third quarter as does the rest of our games
lineup.

And we're looking at a business for Q3 where we need to catch up on certain availability like games,
PLAY-DOH and NERF. We have certain other new initiatives that are coming to market. I'm not going to
comment on whether we think Q3 is up or down. But remember that, again, the week's supply that came
out, the 17% reduction in retail inventories in 7 weeks, we don't view that as a long-term challenge to
satisfy consumer demand. So our goal is not just restocking shelves, our goal is continuing to satisfy
consumer demand, which we believe we can do. And we're doing that very effectively. The team has really
been amazing at what they've been able to accomplish with the very strong POS that we've seen.

And then as we get into Q4, we expect to have a good holiday season. We have very robust plans, lots of
new initiatives and really good marketing coming from the teams across the board.

David James Beckel
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG, Research Division

That's really helpful. And my follow-up just relates to toys driven by content and some of your partner
release timing as well as your own. Could you update us on what partners have conveyed to you with
respect to certain movie timings, notably Disney, and then your own plans for G.I. Joe this year?

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HASBRO, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

Yes. Yes. So for the most part, people are continuing to hope that the theatrical business reopens
sometime soon, but really hasn't yet. Many of our partners' initiatives have already been announced
and moved to 2021. In fact, 2021 is winding up to be an incredibly strong year for our IP and content
as well as our partners' IP. We expect that there should be, in the first quarter next year, could be 3
movies including The Eternals, Ghost Busters and Raya and the Last Dragon. In Q2 next year, you'll have
another Marvel movie or two. My Little Pony Movie, the animated feature, will come next fall. And our
expectation is that G.I. Joe will move into a slot in 2021, and we're working out the specifics right now
with Paramount. But again, as we look at the opportunity to maximize our connection with the global
audiences and also to global retail will likely move into a spot and we're working out the specifics in 2021.

Operator

Next question comes from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar.

Jaime M. Katz
Morningstar Inc., Research Division

I'm curious if you'd be willing to unpack the gross margin performance a little bit more. I know part of it
is mix-related or the composition of revenues, but were there any puts and takes worth noting that might
help us think about how that might look over the second half of the year?

Deborah M. Thomas
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. While our gross margin is strong, and if you think about it, the impact of MAGIC and the releases
in the quarter actually had a slightly negative impact on that number. However, overall, the Hasbro piece
of the margin was strong. We don't see a significant change to that. The one thing we did talk about is
airfreight. Should we have to airfreight more? Just the cost of it is up now, as you can appreciate with
fewer flights running and the ability to actually airfreight. So if we have to airfreight a lot, for some
reason, we could see that having an impact on it. But the rest of the business from a pricing standpoint is
good, and our costs remain in good shape as well.

We're about -- 3 quarters of our exposure for the year is hedged. So we don't have a lot of variability
in FX rates that are kind of coming into those product purchases. So that's a good factor as well. If we
think about the program production amortization, originally at the beginning of the year, we did pull all
of our guidance. But I know it's hard to model this without some level of estimate. So kind of where our
head's at right now is we originally said it would be between 9% and 10%. I think we're around 9% for
the quarter. Given what we can actually get done and delivered, I think that you -- we may see it run a bit
below that for the rest of the year, as we think about that program production part of the gross margin.

But overall, we expect it to remain strong and looking at the different components, the biggest thing that
could impact it at this point is really that the air freight number.

Jaime M. Katz
Morningstar Inc., Research Division

That's really helpful. And then as we think about advertising as a percentage of sales, it sounds like
it's -- it should likely be up in the second half of the year. But I'm wondering if you're finding different
efficiencies in the advertising channel that may not make it as why the change in the percentage of sales.
Can you help us think about that?

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I think you're right. It's not really about the percentage of sales. I think that the kinds of programs
that the team puts together, the way that we work with online and omnichannel retailers, some of the
buckets of spending go to other places other than just the advertising line. Obviously, content creation and
storytelling are in different lines on the P&L as well as some of our gaming development, which is also part
of storytelling and effectively marketing for our brands. So you're right, I don't see the overall advertising

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HASBRO, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

line increasing as much as overall marketing and advertising is planned to be robust for the second half
across a number of dimensions.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Tami Zakaria with JPMorgan.

Tami Zakaria
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So my first question is, do you expect the $130 million of eOne synergies -- synergy savings by end of
2020 to be more back-end loaded now, given your revenues have taken a hit? And my assumption was
that a lot of the synergies are tied to bringing eOne-related tour revenues in-house. So is it gotten more
back-end loaded is the question.

Deborah M. Thomas
Executive VP & CFO

Tami, I think that we still believe we're on track. Obviously, the business has changed because of COVID,
for all of us, right? And we still think we're on track to achieve $20 million of cost synergies before the
expense associated with it this year. And we're still on track for next year. And we're still on track for the
$130 million by 2022. There may be some things moving around. But honestly, the teams are working
great together. The one thing that you can do really well over video is collaborate on future projects, and
that's the exciting thing. This year, we're all dealing with the situation. But we are squarely working on the
future. The integration is going well. And we still expect that $130 million in synergies by 2022.

Tami Zakaria
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got it. That's super helpful. And my follow-up is, so we've been hearing that media production costs may
see an increase of 10% to 20%, given the new COVID-19 protocols. So do you think you can pass along
those costs to networks? Or is it that it's not likely given the contracts are already in place for the pricing
of the shows to be delivered?

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

I think that there'll be ongoing dialogue. I think there won't be just one answer there. Clearly, there's
a lot of partnerships that goes on between us and a lot of our streamers, broadcast partners and linear
partners, and it's an ongoing dialogue. The most important priority there is the safety of the crews and the
cast and the people that are making the production. And there's meaningful steps that the team has been
taking, protocols that are being set, and there are ways to look at budgets overall to try to mitigate overall
cost and to incorporate the cost of strong protocols and the safety of the teams making the productions
while executing.

So there's not a one-size-fits-all solution and the dialogues going on, I feel like the teams are making very
good progress there.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel.

Andrew Edward Crum
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Brian, when would you expect to have TV and Film production up and running and fully operational? And
Deb, as you look at 2021, do you think you're at that $675 million to $750 million range you originally
forecasted for this year or should you be above or below that threshold?

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HASBRO, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

Yes. Given the current plans and what the team is prepping for production, our expectation is we'd
be back in production in full in September across all of our production. And as I said, we're already
in production across a number of scripted shows, not just unscripted, which we've done incredibly
well throughout the pandemic. The teams have used a lot of [ novel pandemic ] shows. Unscripted
[ collections ] going. But the scripted shows have started again in regions in Canada. They started again in
U.K. and as film is beginning and then really for the U.S., we expect that by September, we should be up
and running on the remainder.

Deborah M. Thomas
Executive VP & CFO

And with respect to the actual production spend, we would expect to go back to next year's levels if we
can be in full production on every -- or the same level if we can be in production for everything. Now
it might fluctuate a little bit because we have some things we're catching up on. But right now, our
expectation is that we would spend about that same level.

Andrew Edward Crum
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. And then for my follow-up, I know there's been a lot of discussion on e-commerce with nearly
30% of POS. We keep hearing that demand is strong across the industry. So given that, what are your
expectations for bricks-and-mortar floor space or shelf space for the category of your business? However
you want to answer it for the second half, should it be up, down or unchanged versus last year?

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Well, we have a lot of robust plans we're already putting together with our retailers, and they're building
plans for both e-comm or omni as well as for brick-and-mortar. The teams have done a very good job.
We have more new initiatives coming for Q4 this year than prior year and certainly believe that we have
a lot of new innovation that's worthy of the expanded floor space and working on all that. I do want to
comment that I think that the way promotions will be laid out this year is very different than some prior
years. I mean the goal for a lot of our retailers, as we're starting to see it unfold, is not to bring all the
customers into a store on a given day for obvious reasons. But rather think about programs that can go
on for a period of time to get more customers to access hot selling product over a longer period, to give
people the opportunity to buy online or pick up curbside and use all the different growing modalities of
retailing have been so effective so far year-to-date.

Our teams are really ready across [ full biz ] or pickup curbside straight to each e-comm and omni, but
also our retail merchandisers, we expect to be in-store stocking shelves in the fourth quarter, and we are
looking at really robust plans.

And to your point about e-comm, our e-comm POS, we have the best data for the U.S. It was up more
than 100% in Q2. And our Franchise Brands on e-comm were up 84% across Franchise Brands. Very
strong. They're above 55%, and PLAY-DOH's up 166%. Our Partner Brands were up more than 100%. Our
emerging brands were up more than 100%. Games were up the same. So that step-up that we're seeing
from the consumer, we don't expect it to retrench. We expect it to continue to expand as people get the
opportunity to buy the product they want, buying the product they want, more searches, originating online
for the brands and products their families, kids or fans desire and then satisfying that either through
curbside pickup, in-store pickup or shopping with a cart moving forward.

Operator

The next question is from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners.

Eric Owen Handler
MKM Partners LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

HASBRO, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

Wonder if you could talk a little bit more about POS. I believe you said U.S. in 2Q was up in the high
teens. Wondering if you could give that number by region for international, what overall international was.
And also wondering if you might be able to give some perspective on POS for July.

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Sure. So first, global POS, as you said, was up high single digits. And North America was up in Q2 16%.
Europe was down low single digits, but with recent POS up quite substantially. So as we exit June and into
July, we're seeing very good growth across a number of markets, U.K., France and others in Europe. Latin
American POS was challenged. And we've talked about that marketplace. It was down about this -- less
than revenues but about 30%. Asia Pacific was up double digits, similar to the North American POS at plus
16%. Very strong POS growth as China has come back online. We've seen good growth in China. We've
seen very strong growth in Australia and the rest of the Pacific region.

And then by brand category, I mentioned that our Franchise Brands were up in Q2 in POS. In the U.S., if
you look at our POS, overall for the U.S. in Q2, it was up 18% and our toy business was up high single
digits. Franchise Brands were up double digits. Partner Brands were up high single digits. Gaming was up
nearly -- well, about 70%, actually slightly over 70%. So again, very strong demand, really selling down
retail inventories and now our opportunity to launch new initiatives in the Q3 and 4.

Eric Owen Handler
MKM Partners LLC, Research Division

Great. And then just quickly with MAGIC: THE GATHERING. I wondered if you have dates -- are they likely
to fall in 3Q or 4Q for the mobile MAGIC: THE GATHERING Arena launch as well as when you expect to
start testing for the spin-off game, Spellslingers.

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So Spellslingers is already in development and is in kind of in-test market. That game is continuing
to be honed and likely will launch early 2021. We want to have MAGIC on mobile first. We haven't given
a specific date, but it's actively in development, and it will launch second half this year. It will also be
in China with our partnership with Tencent this year. They've announced the key set releases through
September. They haven't announced the fourth quarter set releases yet. We always like to bring our
gamers and fans along. We don't want to ruin all the surprises, but there are 4 releases that have been
announced that I can remind you of. The core set was July 3; the jump-start that had moved from second
quarter due to production shortages is now -- was July 17. The double master set, which I said was
comparable to the modern masters from Q2 last year is August 7. And Zendikar Rising will be September
25. So we have a very robust lineup for Q3 and expect great momentum in the brand there.

And then for Dungeons and Dragons, the digital gaming development has also continued. That brand has
performed quite well, grew in Q2 and has a very robust release calendar for the remainder of 2020.

Operator

The next question is from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets.

Gerrick Luke Johnson
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

All right. I want to ask you about TROLLS. Who knows when we're going back to the movies again? And
TROLLS' release via streaming could be something that we see more of. How did the toy product perform
relative to 2 things? Relative to, one, your pre-COVID plan? And then two, your post-COVID plan after it
was announced that they'd be released streaming at home?

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

HASBRO, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

Yes. So the plan is really on multiple dimensions. So in the U.S., there was a switch late after having done
a lot of movie marketing to the PVOD. And remember that it's hard to note just how much of the impact
was to move the PVOD versus the fact that our merchandising was all being set in April as retail stores
were being closed across the U.S. So that was the merchandising window for the movie and the movie
marketing. So clearly, it was impacted there. It was not in that period as strong. But again, we're making
and making plans and working with Universal to drive every opportunity across the brand as it moves from
PVOD to home entertainment.

Now around the world, there will be some theatrical launches. Some of those have not taken place yet and
that will still have the EST and home entertainment windows. So it's a very solid start, albeit because of
COVID, more staged around the world rather than just being at once. And what we really are seeing is
that as brands are available in streamed environments, they are generating lots of interest in sales, just
look at The Mandalorian and other products. Clearly, we are seeing very good demand for TROLLS and are
selling TROLLS product, but that was a switch that happened as we had already had retail plans set up for
theatrical.

Gerrick Luke Johnson
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Okay. Okay. Yes. So a lot of noise there, hard to discern. Hey, other question here. Of the programming
that has so far been delayed, what are you expecting will be complete as planned? Could there be some
canceled, postponed indefinitely or dropped? Any maybe percent that you expect to be completed as
planned?

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So right now, we have a number of series that are set for production. There aren't any number of
substantial or even meaningful cancellations that we've seen at this point. It's just really about getting
some of our big network shows produced to the extent that we can in Q4 this year or whether some of
those revenues move into 2021. Deb, I don't know if you want to comment further?

Deborah M. Thomas
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Yes. No, I agree, Brian. I think it really is -- if you look at the blend of what we have outstanding
right now and what we're expecting to complete, no cancellations, really, that we're aware of that are
meaningful. It's just a matter of getting it done.

Gerrick Luke Johnson
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Okay. Okay. Hey, by the way, on the first quarter, you mentioned that you had 36 Hasbro -- 36 projects
around Hasbro IP in production or in some form thereof. Now you say it's over 30. Is the number still 36
or did that change?

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Actually, if I was specific, the number is 40. So if you think that was close, it's 40 projects around 32
Hasbro IPs. So there's multiple projects around certain brands like Dungeons and Dragons.

Operator

The next question is from the line of Priya Ohri-Gupta with Barclays.

Priya Joy Ohri-Gupta
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Thanks for taking the question in your comments earlier around liquidity as well as your financial
covenants. I was just hoping you could give us an update on any recent conversations you've had with the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

HASBRO, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

ratings agencies, specifically with regards to any sort of pressure points we should be mindful of around
the IG rating as we're thinking out sort of over the next 2 quarters and into '21, just given some of the
moving pieces with the business?

Deborah M. Thomas
Executive VP & CFO

Great. Well, thanks. So obviously, we have an ongoing dialogue with all 3 of our rating agencies. We don't
control their assessment, final assessment of which rating. But we are talking to them constantly and
sharing what our updated forecasts are with them. So if we look at what a potential impact could be, if for
some reason, we were downgraded by 2 of the 3, that would have an impact on our interest expense for
the year. But we maintain the dialogue. We look at the forecast that we set out for -- on a long-term basis
with them. And again, we have those conversations with them all the time as well. And this year has been
unusual for everyone, right? But I think that's safe to say to everybody on this call. But when you look out
beyond this year, our plans haven't changed. Our integration plans haven't changed.

Brian's talked about the teams are working together in identifying more brands that we can take out and
leverage around our blueprint. So having time to sit on video calls with everyone has been very, very
good in a lot of ways for creating those long-term revenue opportunities. So as we look at our longer term
plans, our plans really haven't changed. They've just gotten delayed a bit by this anomaly of 2020 and
what we're all experiencing together right now.

Priya Joy Ohri-Gupta
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

If I could just ask one follow-up to that. Given the delay and lack of sort of change in the longer-term
perspective, is that something that the agencies have indicated they understand and are willing to sort of
provide flexibility for?

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Well, look I think -- sorry. I think that is well [ Deb, you should comment -- ] I'm sorry, modern
technology. No, look I think that the plan, as I look at the strategic plans that we've put together, as Deb
says, as we get beyond these closures and we move to the second half of this year, already we're seeing
the opportunity of the objectives we set for our 2020 plan. As we go into 2021, we've got a very robust
lineup, and we're incredibly excited about the plans we have there, the longer-term plans are things that
we share with our agencies. And so they can see what we see and the progress is really there and quite
extensive. I don't know if you want to comment further, Deb.

Deborah M. Thomas
Executive VP & CFO

That's exactly what I was going to say.

Operator

The next question is from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Wolfe Research.

Frederick Charles Wightman
Wolfe Research, LLC

It's actually Fred Wightman on for Greg. If we just go back and look at the back half of last year, there
was some impact from tariffs and what that did to your direct import business in the third quarter
specifically. I mean as we're thinking about modeling this year, how should we think about your plan for
the 3Q-4Q split, just given that prior year compare, sort of the higher e-commerce mix you're seeing this
year and then where you guys are in terms of ramping production currently?

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

HASBRO, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

Yes. Look, unfortunately, as we all looked at the year, early this year, we took away whatever broad
guidance we would normally provide. But what I can tell you is that as we look at domestic to import split,
it's gotten even more oriented towards domestic. The teams are very capable now of getting product
in through e-comm and omnichannel. Retail, if e-comm were to accelerate further and be a greater
proportion of total sales, we can achieve our objectives even through that mix shift. And the number of
new initiatives we have for the second half of the year helps us understand, along with the retail plans we
have, that Q4 can be a very good holiday. Q3 is a road to recovery. We've reopened manufacturing that
was closed in 45% of our production for 2 months. We are catching up on demand across an enormous
slate of brands that have performed quite well from a consumer sales standpoint, although the retail
inventories have declined and our fill rates have declined.

So I would say Q3 is about recovering, but meaningfully better than Q2, and Q4 is about executing a good
holiday season.

Operator

The next question is from the line of Devin Brisco with Bank of America.

Devin MacArthur Brisco
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

You mentioned some higher costs related to airfreight, but also that you're able to take some costs out
of the business from simplifying your commercial organization in the quarter. Could you talk some more
about some of the cost efficiencies that you're currently seeing and how we should think about cost
management opportunities going forward into the second half of the year and into 2021?

Deborah M. Thomas
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Well, as we look at our product, we've not had to take pricing on much product. We talked about
at the end of last year, we had to take a little bit of pricing because of the List 4a tariffs on some of our
gaming, and that's helped. We've obviously had some input cost increases just because of shortages, but
not a lot, and most of our product cost is hedged, as I talked about. So as we think about that, we've
got great contracts that really helped secure our -- moving our product costs to the U.S. and then we're
actually seeing great efficiencies from our contract that we entered into to move our product to our
retailers once it gets into the various locations. So we've been able to achieve that.

But we're seeing the cost savings that we talked about from our cost savings activities from last year. And
really, what we're trying to do is simplify how we go to market. And in this change time, we're trying to
make sure that we align all of our regions. So we're able to get the most efficiency possible out of our
moving product to our various warehouses. We've increased our ability to service e-comm and increased
our ability to do flex warehousing, so we can deliver a lot quicker within Europe. So that will be helpful as
well as we look forward with this increase in e-comm. And also, as we just look at some of the costs that
we're all taking out of our business, we've taken quite a bit of travel cost out and other costs out. We think
we'll continue to do that as we move forward.

And over time, as we start expanding more of our product and things get a bit back to where they were on
the revenue side and introducing some more of our digital games that we have in development right now,
and we see that's where the margin expansion will come in over time. But we are very focused on cost,
both from a cash and an expense standpoint as well.

Operator

The next question is from the line of Brett Andress with KeyBanc Capital Markets.

Brett Richard Andress
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

HASBRO, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

Can you give some detail on the cadence of shipments during the quarter? I mean, I guess if we exclude
Latin America, did shipments turn positive year-over-year into June or July? Just trying to understand the
magnitude of the improvement you've been alluding to.

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So again, if you think about it, Massachusetts, Ireland and Indian factories were closed throughout
mid-May -- to mid-May from mid-March. And so as those have reopened, clearly, the manufacturing
of games, third-party manufacturing of games as well as PLAY-DOH comes from Massachusetts. And
so the team has been rushing to expand our capacity and get those games and PLAY-DOH out to the
marketplace. That's similar for Ireland. It's about a similar type of factory for our Irish business.

In addition, we manufacture in another half dozen locations or so across the U.S., trading card games for
Wizards of the Coast and other products. And so again, the team saw production disruptions in Q2 and
chose to move the jump-start booster out through Q3. So now they're able to execute that. So I'd say
what we're really seeing as we enter Q3 is access now to our products, increasing access to the NERF
products coming out of India. We moved that launch just 1 month later to ensure we had enough of our
Ultra product, which, by the way, is selling incredibly well. This is the product that shoots 120 feet at high
performance and is really well liked in high ratings that we're seeing from fans.

So I would say that by the second half of Q3, we're really fully caught up and shipping to meet what is
strong consumer demand.

Operator

Our final question is from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo.

Timothy Andrew Conder
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Brian, Deb, thanks for all the color. I wanted to circle back on the e-comm. Clearly, there's been a
substantial focus by yourselves, the industry and partners to ramp that up. So I guess if theoretically, if
we would hit a bad situation where a lot of brick-and-mortar is shut down in the back half of the year, is
there any way to quantify the increased e-comm bandwidth to offset that in the back half of the year? And
then I have a follow-up.

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Sure, Tim. It's a great question. It's something that we ourselves were planning and talking about as
we look at the step up. I mean, hypothetically, to underline that, if all of demand for the holidays were
to shift from brick-and-mortar to online, we could satisfy that demand. We obviously don't expect it to
entirely shift. But the teams have built enormous capability and the way we warehouse product now, the
way we work with our e-comm and omnichannel partners is just -- it's really improved so dramatically
over the last few years as we continue to build our capabilities and the way we market within an online
environment with content to commerce and other techniques and working on the algorithms.

So I would say we have the ability, if there were to be a major shift toward additional e-comm, that we
could satisfy that demand. And that we would shift our products to meet that mix shift.

Timothy Andrew Conder
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

So Brian, would that basically be everywhere except Lat Am? Would that be a fair way to interpret what
you're saying there?

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

HASBRO, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

That's exactly right, that's exactly right. Latin America, it's still such a small percentage of the business
and the COVID situation there is so, unfortunately, just so challenged. I'd say that's a business that won't
resolve immediately, and it's going to take a little bit more time, and we don't have the benefit of e-comm
or omni beyond about -- we see about 12% of the business currently being done there, and that's been
through a lot of effort from the team to move it up from single digits a year ago.

Timothy Andrew Conder
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. And then my follow-up would be, as alluded to earlier and kind of danced around here, and with
the TROLLS, the move that Universal made there, hard question maybe to answer, but from what you
see now and what you can comment on, how are the studios in general, including what you're doing with
Paramount, looking at releasing product going forward? It would seem that the channel shift from the
traditional theaters, if at all possible, you'll still do that. But how are you thinking about maybe diversifying
that channel shift or the industry diversifying that given what's happened? And just on a go-forward,
maybe permanent shift basis?

Brian D. Goldner
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Look, I think that people are very desirous of a theatrical experience. We all want to get back into
movie theaters as soon as we can and enjoy the big screen along with everyone else. There's nothing
like having hundreds of people together, laugh at something or ooh and ahh on a some kind of big action,
something that's going on in a movie. So we all want to get back there. Look, I think that the studios
are being very purposeful as is the eOne team. Looking at the opportunity for theatrical releases, clearly
wanting to still have that global theatrical audience. There's nothing like the opportunity to go around the
world in a semi-simultaneous way to build that talk value and the demand for people to go to theaters.
So we don't see that going away. I just think it's a matter of when it really comes fully back, and we
obviously have to be in a position where people feel safe and we can abide by protocols and get those
theaters reopened.

I think the important thing that everyone is looking at is being very thoughtful, planful and strategic
about which of these initiatives will go directly into a streamed environment versus which ones will go to
theatrical. Clearly, we continue to partner with Universal, we'll make the most out of TROLLS that we can
make. But that was a switch that happened because of unfortunate timing around COVID coming, theaters
closing, movie marketing having been already in the marketplace, retail already stopped shelves being
set. So that -- I wouldn't view that as really the kind of purposeful strategy that we could be looking at in
the future. You just look at what The Mandalorian has been able to create or you look at what Stranger
Things have been able to create in our games business as 150 million people are Disney+ with their
collection of princess movies has been able to create or Frozen and the home entertainment window there
on Disney+, it's been very strong for us.

I think that's more the norm. And I think that studios and IP owners are going to be thoughtful about how
they lay out those strategies going forward.

Operator

At this time, we've reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'll turn the call over to Debbie
Hancock for closing remarks.

Debbie Hancock
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Rob, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. The replay will be available on our website
in approximately 2 hours, and management's prepared remarks will be posted on the website following
this call. Thank you.

Operator
Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

HASBRO, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

