Hanesbrands Inc. NYSE:HBI
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, April 30, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.12

0.05

(58.33 %)

(0.05)

0.83

1.48

Revenue  (mm)

1332.66

1320.00

(0.95 %)

1034.03

5513.12

6355.27

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-30-2020 12:42 PM GMT

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.44

0.54

0.51

0.12

0.45

0.54

0.51

0.05

2.27 %

0.00 %

0.00 %

(58.33 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
HANESBRANDS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Gerald W. Evans
CEO & Director

Markland Scott Lewis
Chief Accounting Officer, Controller
& Interim CFO

Thomas C. Robillard
Chief Investor Relations Officer

ANALYSTS

Heather Nicole Balsky
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

James Vincent Duffy
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Jay Daniel Sole
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

John David Kernan
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Kelly Crago
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Kristina Casey Katten
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Omar Regis Saad
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Susan Kay Anderson
B. Riley FBR, Inc., Research
Division

Tiffany Ann Kanaga
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HANESBRANDS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the HanesBrands First Quarter 2020
Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference may be
recorded. [Operator Instructions]

I'd now like to hand the conference over to your host today, Mr. T. C. Robillard, Chief Investor Relations
Officer. Please go ahead, sir.

Thomas C. Robillard
Chief Investor Relations Officer

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the HanesBrands Quarterly Investor Conference Call and Webcast.
We are pleased to be here today to provide an update on our progress after the first quarter of 2020.
Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to review the news release we issued earlier today. The news
release, updated FAQ document and the replay of this call can be found in the Investors section of our
hanes.com website.

On the call today, we may make forward-looking statements either in our prepared remarks or in the
associated question-and-answer session. These statements are based on current expectations or beliefs
and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. These
risks include those related to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic as well as related measures to combat
the pandemic taken by governmental or regulatory authorities on our business and operations as well as
the business and operations of the consumer, our customers, suppliers, business partners and labor force
as well as those risks detailed in our various filings with the SEC, which may be found on our website as
well as in our news releases. The company does not undertake to update or revise any forward-looking
statements, which speak only to the time at which they are made.

Unless otherwise noted, today's references to our consolidated financial results exclude all restructuring
and other action related charges and expenses. Also, please note that unless otherwise stated, all prior
year comparisons are to 2019 results that have been rebased to reflect the exited C9 Champion program
at Target and the DKNY intimates license.

Additional information, including a reconciliation of these and other non-GAAP performance measures
to GAAP can be found in today's press release. With me on the call today are: Gerald Evans, our Chief
Executive Officer; and Scott Lewis, our Chief Accounting Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer.

For today's call, Gerald and Scott will provide some brief remarks and then we'll open it up to your
questions. I will now turn the call over to Gerald.

Gerald W. Evans
CEO & Director

Thank you, T.C. Good morning, and thank you for joining our first quarter earnings call. Given the
uncertainty in the market, we understand that investors are more focused on how our business is
positioned to perform in both the current and post-pandemic environments. While we'll discuss our first
quarter results, including our better-than-expected Innerwear performance through mid-March, our focus
for today's call will be on our current business trends, our cost reduction initiatives, the creation of a
new business line for cloth mask and personal protection garments and our substantial liquidity position,
which we believe provides ample capital cushion even under a prolonged shelter in place scenario. This
combination maximizes our operating flexibility in the current environment, strengthens our long-term
earnings growth profile and positions us to take advantage of current and future opportunities.

Before I speak to the quarter's results, I want to recognize the efforts and sacrifices being made by
HanesBrands' employees around the world. They have allowed us to continue to serve our customers and
consumers from these uncertain times. They are also the driving force behind HanesBrands' established

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HANESBRANDS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

reputation for corporate citizenship and social responsibility. As an organization, we have committed to
help fight this global pandemic, which includes shipping our manufacturing to produce cotton face masks.
Our employees are our greatest asset, which is why I would like to personally thank each one of them for
their contributions.

Turning to our results. The first quarter was marked by 2 radically different periods as the global spread
of the coronavirus accelerated in March. We experienced an unprecedented sudden drop in sales and
profit late in the quarter. Although, we have seen orders resume in April. Our global shipments and sales
essentially stopped in the last 2 weeks of the quarter as our customers reacted aggressively to the shelter
in place announcements by delaying or canceling their orders.

This abrupt reaction by our customers more than offset the strong revenue and profit performance across
our businesses through the second week of March, particularly within U.S. Innerwear and U.S. Activewear.
Through mid-March, U.S. Innerwear revenue was down less than 1% over prior year, well ahead of
our initial forecast as our turnaround initiatives were gaining momentum. During this period, point-of-
sale at our top 7 customers, which is where we focused our new innovations and revitalization efforts,
increased 3% in both basics and intimates. And our market share improved meaningfully in basics, bras
and shapewear. And in U.S. Activewear, revenue through mid-March was up mid- to high-single digits,
driven by Champion.

For the quarter, our cash flow performance was strong and ahead of our plan despite the sudden COVID-
related fall off late in the quarter. Inventory reduction initiatives, timely supply chain actions and strong
working capital management delivered a year-over-year improvement in cash flow from operations of
more than $100 million. In the quarter, we estimate that COVID-19 impacted revenue by approximately
$181 million, operating profit by approximately $86 million and earnings per share by approximately
$0.20.

Adjusting for the COVID-related impact, first quarter revenue would have increased 1.6% on a constant
currency basis. Operating profit and operating margin would have been consistent with prior year and
earnings per share would have increased 14%. Make no mistake, the COVID-19 environment is a true
challenge. However, we're encouraged by our pre-COVID performance and underlying business trends.
This underscores the health of our brands, the building momentum in our U.S. Innerwear business, the
continued consumer demand for Champion and the strength of our cash flow model. Given the long-term
stability of our categories, we're confident our business can return to these performance levels in time.

We have seen orders resume in April as consumers and retailers have begun to adapt. Online growth
has rapidly accelerated each week, reaching triple-digit growth rates across a number of our customers,
online platforms as well as our own champion.com and maidenform.com sites. Consumers are also buying
our categories at stores within the mass, hypermarket, dollar store and drug store channels. The basics
reset at a large mass retailer is progressing and we have back-to-school orders from some of our large
customers. Over our 120-year history, we have faced a number of significant challenges. Each time, we've
adapted our model, improved our position and emerged a stronger company and we expect to do the
same in light of this recent challenge.

Given the uncertainty around the reopening of global economies as well as the level of consumer
spending, we modeled a number of financial scenarios. These range from a late May reopening of retail
doors to an early July reopening. And we even ran a stress test scenario that assumes doors do not
reopen until early October. As a result, we developed a pandemic strategy designed to maximize our
operating flexibility under any of our modeling scenarios, while also strengthening our long-term business
model and positioning us to take advantage of opportunities. This strategy consists of 4 initiatives:
one, support our current customers; two, reduce cash-based expenditures; three, ramp new revenue
opportunities; and four, ensure we have ample liquidity, even under our conservative stress test scenario.

Touching on each of these initiatives. First, we're supporting our existing customers that remain open in
a safety-first manner. We're starting to see a new baseline of orders within this customer set and we're
focused on aligning our inventory and production to be able to meet their back-to-school and holiday
plans. The second initiative is to reduce cash-based expenditures. We've reduced our CapEx to critical
needs as well as suspended share repurchases. We're aggressively managing our working capital. We've

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HANESBRANDS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

taken a number of timely actions to reduce inventory. We're working with our suppliers to extend our
payable terms and many of our largest customers continue to pay on schedule.

We have also implemented approximately $200 million of cost reduction initiatives. The majority of
these savings are from the temporary salary reductions and furloughs that began in mid-April. The
remainder are a mix of discretionary spending areas, including media and marketing. However, we're
continuing to invest media and marketing dollars within the digital channels as the pandemic is driving
further penetration of online shopping. The third initiative in our pandemic strategy is to ramp our mask
and protective garment business. We believe this has the potential to be a substantial contributor of
incremental profit and cash flow over the next several years. Our ability to quickly shift our manufacturing
operations to produce new products underscores the competitive advantages of owning our manufacturing
network that is balanced across hemispheres. We are currently manufacturing reusable face masks for
the U.S. government as well as launching a HanesBranded consumer program for several customers.
Combined, we believe these programs can generate well over $300 million of sales in 2020.

Looking forward, there is an expectation that the COVID-19 pandemic will result in more widespread mask
usage by consumers and businesses globally. Over the past several weeks, we have seen a strong influx
of inquiries across a number of geographies from governments, retailers, large corporations and individual
consumers. Based on the current interest from potential customers as well as the anticipated change in
consumer behavior around the world, we believe our mask and protective garment business could be a
sizable revenue opportunity with growth potential over the next several years.

And the fourth initiative in our pandemic strategy is to further strengthen our substantial liquidity
position. While this may prove to be overly conservative, we want to be prudent and proactive, given the
unpredictability of the virus. Subject to market conditions, we intend to secure approximately $500 million
in debt financing with the proceeds used to repay our revolver, thereby increasing our liquidity to nearly
$1.6 billion. We believe this level of liquidity provides us with an ample capital cushion even under stress
test modeling scenarios.

So in closing, our brand positions are strong. Our supply chain continues to create substantial value. The
combination of our pre-COVID performance and the addition of a new protective garment business points
to a strong growth profile once the environment stabilizes. And we are a strong cash flow generator with
ample liquidity. We believe all of this positions us to once again emerge from a challenging environment as
an even stronger company, one that is well positioned to take advantage of opportunities.

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.

Markland Scott Lewis
Chief Accounting Officer, Controller & Interim CFO

Thanks, Gerald. Despite the unprecedented rapid falloff in consumer demand in March due to the global
pandemic, we're still able to reduce inventory at 12% over prior year, improved cash flow from operations
of more than $100 million and demonstrate that we have the right turnaround plan in place for U.S.
Innerwear. In addition, we identified a ramped, a new business line in less than 30 days in the midst of the
crisis. These are all indications of the strength and the flexibility of our business model.

Turning to our results. First quarter sales declined 12% over prior year to $1.32 billion with foreign
exchange rates accounting for 135 basis points of the decline. Excluding the COVID-related impact, we
estimate first quarter sales would have increased 1.6% over prior year on a constant currency basis.
Adjusted gross margin of 37.6% decreased approximately 300 basis points over the last year and more
than half of the decline due to the impact from COVID-19 and foreign exchange rates. The remainder of
the decline was driven by the expected transactional FX and mix related headwinds. Adjusted operating
margin of 4.8% declined approximately 520 basis points. All the decline was due to the estimated $86
million impact from COVID-19, which includes an accrual for anticipated bankruptcies of approximately
$11 million or $0.03 per share.

Interest and other expense declined $12 million to approximately $43 million due to lower average debt
balances throughout the quarter. Restructuring and other related charges were approximately $29 million.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HANESBRANDS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Recall that the majority of our full year supply chain restructuring actions and program exit costs were
planned for the first quarter. Our full year restructuring and other related action plans remain unchanged.
In the quarter, we repurchased approximately 14.5 million shares with a vast majority purchased in
February. For the remaining 3 quarters of the year, we expect average diluted shares of approximately
$353 million. Adjusted earnings per share was $0.05, while GAAP earnings per share was a loss of $0.02.
Excluding the estimated $0.20 per share impact from COVID-19, adjusted EPS would have increased 14%
over prior year.

Now let me take you through our segment performance. In each of our segments, revenue and profit
trends were at or above our expectations through early to mid-March. This performance, however, was
more than offset by the sudden COVID-related falloff, particularly in the last 2 weeks of the quarter as our
customers postponed or canceled orders, a reaction to shelter in place orders around the world.

Looking at the pre-COVID trends in our segments, our U.S. Innerwear segment performed well above our
expectations through the second week of March as revenue was down less than 1% over prior year. During
this period, we were experiencing solid trends across all channels, including strong basics outperformance
within the test stores at a large mass retailer. We believe our pre-COVID performance, including point-
of-sale and market share trends, demonstrate our innovations and intimates revitalization efforts are
working.

Turning to U.S. Activewear. In the second week of March, revenue was tracking up mid- to high-single
digits compared to prior year and was ahead of our expectations. The strong performance during this
period was driven by continued demand for Champion as well as growth in our other Activewear brands,
led by sports licensing in the mass and mid-tier channels and seasonal Activewear in the online channel.

Switching to our International segment. The timing of the coronavirus impact varied by country and
region. On a constant currency basis, revenue through February increased at a low single-digit rate in
nearly all of our main geographies. Growth in Latin America and Australia was Innerwear-driven, while
Europe's growth over this time was led by Champion.

Touching briefly on our global Champion business, excluding C9, constant currency revenue for the quarter
declined over prior year, both domestically and internationally. Adjusted for the estimated COVID-related
impact, global Champion sales would have increased approximately 7% over prior year.

Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet, we delivered a strong cash flow performance in the quarter.
Cash flow from operations improved about $111 million over the prior year and was ahead of our forecast.
The strong performance was driven by previously planned inventory reduction efforts, continued working
capital discipline and timely actions taken within our manufacturing network, including planned capacity
reductions as well as our [indiscernible] to manufacturing facemask.

With respect to our balance sheet, inventory declined approximately $270 million or 12% compared to last
year. We ended the quarter with nearly $1.1 billion of cash on hand and leverage was 3.6x on a net debt
to adjusted EBITDA basis as compared to 3.5x last year. Our current liquidity position is strong. However,
given the unpredictability of COVID-19, we want to be prudent. Therefore, we have taken 2 proactive
steps to maximize our operating flexibility and further strengthen our substantial liquidity position: First,
we closed on a 15-month covenant amendment on our senior secured credit facility, which includes the
suspension of our leverage covenant until the end of the second quarter of 2021; and second, subject to
market conditions, we intend to secure approximately $500 million of debt financing with the proceeds
used to repay our revolver, therefore increasing our liquidity to nearly $1.6 billion.

While these precautions may prove to be overly conservative, we want to ensure that even under
our stress test scenario, we had a significant capital cushion and that we're able to maximize our
operating flexibility and be well positioned to take advantage of opportunities. Due to the uncertainty
and unpredictability of the COVID-19 pandemic as well as the current lack of visibility in our business
environment, we are not providing second quarter or full year 2020 guidance at this time. However, I
would like to share a few thoughts to help frame some of our key levers within our business model.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HANESBRANDS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Currently, stores that represent approximately half of our sales are closed. We have modeled several
different financial scenarios driven by the timing of these doors reopening. In our base case, we assumed
these doors gradually reopen beginning in late May. In our downside scenario, we assumed doors began
gradually reopening in early July. We even ran a stress test scenario that assumed these doors did not
reopen until early October. Each one of our financial modeling scenarios indicates that the second quarter
is expected to be the low point for revenue, profit and cash flow and that we're able to generate positive
cash flow for the second half.

Some of the other key assumptions that are consistent across our various modeling scenarios include:
Our mass revenue comes primarily in the second quarter; we have a high 30% decremental operating
margin; a tax rate of 14.5%; extended payment terms for roughly half of our receivables balance; and a
net neutral effect from working capital.

So in closing, we're in a strong position to navigate the COVID-19 environment. We have taken a number
of proactive steps in terms of cost and cash flow management, identifying and ramping new source of
revenue and further strengthening our substantial liquidity position, all of which we believe maximizes
our operating flexibility, strengthens our long-term business model and positions us to take advantage of
current and future opportunities.

And with that, I'll turn the call back over to T.C.

Thomas C. Robillard
Chief Investor Relations Officer
Thanks, Scott. That concludes our prepared remarks. We'll now begin taking your questions and will
continue as time allows. I'll turn the call back over to the operator to begin the question-and-answer
session. Operator?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HANESBRANDS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Omar Saad with Evercore ISI.

Omar Regis Saad
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Congrats on a decent quarter given the backdrop. I appreciate all the information. I'm going to ask my
question a little bit more on the offense versus the defense side of the equation. I was pretty interested
in some of your commentary around the e-com trends you're seeing, especially champion.com as well as
the masks program. Maybe on the e-com side, you could give your thoughts in terms of the traffic. How
sticky you think it is there? Where we are on the Champion website, apps loyalty program, hanes.com,
too? Maybe give us a little update there, what's happening on the Hanes side.

And then just a little bit more color on the mask program. It sounds like you think it's both a near end,
maybe a more medium or long-term opportunity. Some color there in terms of what you're able to do?
What types of customers you'd be working with? And is the number you put out there for this year, is that
all government programs? I think it's a $300 million number, is that all government programs? Or does
that include some consumer as well?

Gerald W. Evans
CEO & Director

Sure, Omar. Good morning. This is Gerald. Let me take you through that. We are -- as we came out of
April -- out of March and April, we did see orders resume with our -- in the doors that we're opening. We
did see consumer behavior beginning normalize where we were selling products. And we've seen nice
improvement in trends in our doors that are open across the mass channels and dollar stores and so forth.
And importantly, online, to your -- specifically to your question, we've seen strong increase in sales across
our categories and I'm talking to you really globally here. We've seen generally a doubling of sales over
the last few weeks to a normal level on our online sites.

And in the case of champion.com, for example, we've seen a tripling of rate and we're getting the rates
that are at the Black Friday or Cyber Monday range. So we see a real strength coming. And to your -- and
hanes.com as well has been delivering extraordinary results and maidenform.com as well that we just
ramped last year. So we're very pleased with how they're performing. We do think that the effort we've
put into building a direct business is paying back for us right now, and we're on course. And I think that
we're all convinced that it's going to be an increasingly important part of our business as we go forward.
So we're very pleased with that. It tells us the consumer is out there, and they're looking for our products.
And I think specifically, in Champion, that's a great example. As some of the brick-and-mortar outlets
went down, they found our site and they've been buying very aggressively and that channel, looking for
the brand they love.

From the standpoint of the mask program, we are very pleased with the mask program as well. We got,
initially, as a way to supplement a shortage of supply, working with government consortium. And much
of the number that we discussed in the call was that program, which we've ramped very rapidly now and
we're distributing to the government. We have though identified an opportunity for a consumer program
as well. We've been getting questions from some of our retailers and so forth. So we're launching a Hanes
mask program right now. So there is a modest amount of volume in the number we quoted, which is that
program as well.

But looking forward, we think there is potential for this business to not only to a permanent business, but
be a bigger business over time. We see the changing in consumer behavior. We see the fragmentation in
the supply base and we're getting lots of inquiries from governments around the world. This is just not an
American thing, this is a global need. We're getting it from governments, we're getting it from businesses
as they begin to think about opening up and we're getting it from retailers wanting to reach consumers

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HANESBRANDS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

and there is an online possibility here as well. So these are the kind of categories that when they emerge
that we think we're uniquely qualified to take and manage and, frankly, drive sales and margin. When we
look across the opportunity to bring a trusted brand like Hanes in combination with innovation and run it
through our large-scale production and sell it through our international network, really tells us this is a
business to build upon.

Operator

Our next question comes from Susan Anderson with B. Riley FBR.

Susan Kay Anderson
B. Riley FBR, Inc., Research Division

Nice job managing the business and the cash flow in this environment. I was wondering if maybe you
could touch on the production side of things. It sounds like you're kind of running your plans based on
supply. So I guess, does that mean you'll open them for a few weeks and then shut? And then how does
that kind of flow through the P&L? Are there any costs that weigh on the system, I guess, to start and
stop? And then it sounds like digital is off to a strong start. I don't know how much detail you can provide
just on the C9 launch on Amazon, I'm sure it's clouded by the environment, but any thoughts there would
be great.

Gerald W. Evans
CEO & Director

Sure. Thanks for that question, Susan. On the supply chain side, we saw the March sort of abrupt end of
sales or this lockdown of markets come, we took very aggressive action in taking down our supply chain
to keep our inventory in line. And as you can see from the strong cash flow and our inventory positions,
inventory was an important part of delivering that cash flow. That did create some additional deleverage
in the quarter, about $12 million of variances did come through as we took the time to take that down and
protect the cash flow. We've since now pivoted our supply chain to making mask in many cases as well as
we have demand adjusted in some of our facilities to protect the facilities and the production so that as we
see demand ramping back up, we're prepared to ramp back up into that back-to-school period.

And like everything else, we're planning a number of scenarios to ensure that we're ready to service the
businesses around the world as they ramp up. The cash flow was an important achievement for us. We
came in over $100 million lower in usage this year than last year on cash flow. And if you look at that
on a 12-month basis, now that would put our operating cash flow at over $900 million, which was the
objective we set out in our 2018 Investor Day. So a very important milestone, speaks very strongly to this
underlying strength of the business as we emerge from this pandemic.

From the standpoint of C9, we did launch C9 mid-March. So just not too long ago now and it's off to a
good start. We launched it fairly smally with -- on a small basis with Amazon. We've seen it perform. I
think we're both very -- we're both pleased with where it is and we'll see how it ramps. It did get a little
masked by all the other noise in the market, but I think it's performing up to expectations at this point.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jay Sole with UBS.

Jay Daniel Sole
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I just had a question about the inventory. Obviously, inventory down 12% is a good sign. Within the
Innerwear, obviously, there is not a lot of markdown risk because it's very basic items, except for maybe
some of the intimates apparel that's kind of seasonal -- has some colors, they're seasonal. Can you just
walk us through the Activewear segment, gear for sports, nights, alternative? Like what kind of maybe
-- what percentage of the inventory is more seasonal in that business? And then maybe international,
thinking about bonds and some of the other parts there that maybe we don't talk about as much. What
kind of actions might you have to take in Q2 to sort of move through that inventory and get clean, to have
a strong rebound in fiscal '21?
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HANESBRANDS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Gerald W. Evans
CEO & Director

The initial actions we took were to take the supply chain down immediately in mid-March. But what I
would say beyond that, as we look over the horizon, we've been thoughtful as we look in the Activewear
business into narrowing our offering, working specifically with the customers that we think will reopen and
ensuring that we have the sets for them, but we're not taking any risk on overhang. If we don't believe
the product is going to be sold, while we are not producing it at this point in time. So we don't feel that
we're going to have a lot of Activewear overhang or seasonal overhang as we look to the next season.

In the instance of our bookstore business and so forth, we produced that to order for the accounts. We
produced small-run productions to meet the individual needs of the bookstores. So we -- again, we feel
that we're well positioned there in inventory. And as we look at our global businesses and I'll use bonds
as a great example, that's a business that is heavily retailed in our own stores as well as online and we
flow goods frequently through that model. So as a result, we don't hold a lot of one specific line at any
point in time. We made the appropriate adjustments. So we think we're well positioned from an inventory
standpoint to ramp back up without having any real trailing inventory to deal with of any significance.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jim Duffy with Stifel.

James Vincent Duffy
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

You guys spoke to orders for back-to-school. Could you generalize the degree to which these are below
prior year or prior expectations?

And then a point of clarification on the $200 million spending reductions. Did any of this amount get
captured in the first quarter?

Gerald W. Evans
CEO & Director

Jim, this is Gerald. Let me take the first and I'll let Scott talk about the second part of that question on
the savings. From the standpoint of looking at back-to-school, as we noted in our comments, about half of
our doors are open at this point in time. Certainly, the mass channels and so forth are open and the dollar
stores and they are very actively planning back-to-school with us. It's a fluid situation from a standpoint of
the entire account base that we have because some are still shut down at this point.

But the ones that are open are very actively planning for back-to-school. We're in dialogue with the ones
that are still closed and looking at multiple scenarios with those accounts as well. And as I noted in one of
my prior comments, we're aligning our production under various scenarios to be able to ramp up to take
advantage of that. So early days to know exactly how big back-to-school will be in total, but I think with
our key customers that are open, we're expecting a good back-to-school and we'll plan with the others as
they ramp back up.

Scott, do you want to take the second part of that question?

Markland Scott Lewis
Chief Accounting Officer, Controller & Interim CFO

Yes, sure. Thanks for your question. Yes, we are very focused on reducing costs in this environment,
especially cash-based expenditures. And to your point, we've already identified over $200 million of
cost reductions this year. We did see a little bit in the first quarter, but the vast majority of those cost
savings will be in the second quarter and will continue on, depending on the extent of the duration of
COVID-19 virus and the store openings when they come back on. The discretionary spending focus right
now is reducing that in every place that we can, especially very focused on media and marketing reducing
spending in those areas.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HANESBRANDS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Gerald W. Evans
CEO & Director

Really not much -- none in the first quarter.

Markland Scott Lewis
Chief Accounting Officer, Controller & Interim CFO

Very little in the first, but most heavily in the second quarter.

Operator

Our next question comes from Paul Lejuez with Citi Research.

Kelly Crago
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

This is Kelly on for Paul. I'm just curious about your exposure to some of the maybe weaker customers out
there in the department store channel. We've heard some talk that some stores might not reopen at all.
So what is your exposure to some of those weaker department store channels? How are those discussions
going with your customers there?

And then secondly, on the mask gown program, could you give any color around the margin profile there?

Gerald W. Evans
CEO & Director

Sure. Let me start with the customers. We constantly monitor our exposure with all our customers as well
as we're in conversations with them. As you know, we sell across all channels of trade and some are open,
some are not open at this point in time. And so we feel we've adequately covered our exposure at this
point in time and we'll continue to stay in touch with our customers. Certainly, as we assess our liquidity
models, we're very thoughtful about pressing on the receivables side as well to make sure that even in
the lowest scenarios where we're well covered. So we feel we've adequately covered it from the channel
standpoint.

From the profile of the mask business and so forth, I'm not sure if you're asking me the size or the
opportunity. We see that the -- from the profile of it going forward, there is a very large consumer usage
opportunity that's emerging. There is always been more of the medical side and so forth, but what we see
is consumer behavior changing that on a global basis. And in fact, it's a mandate that's emerging for some
of these markets to reopen as consumer usage. So we like what we see there. And the margin profile, we
think, as we run it through our mass production capabilities could be in line with the corporate average.

Operator

Our next question comes from Tiffany Kanaga with Deutsche Bank.

Tiffany Ann Kanaga
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Considering the now suspended leverage covenant of 4.5x net debt to EBITDA, do you anticipate
exceeding net threshold in the coming quarters? And maybe you can give a little more color around
where do you see the most flexibility remaining to preserve cash beyond the measures you've already
successfully implemented?

Markland Scott Lewis
Chief Accounting Officer, Controller & Interim CFO

Yes, sure. And thanks for your question. Actually, earlier this week, we put in place a temporary
amendment to our senior secured credit facility. That suspends our leverage covenant until the third
quarter of 2021. With the current challenging and uncertain environment, we felt like we were in the -- we
wanted to do that now and help us with maximizing our operational flexibility as we manage through the
crisis. The covenant does contain some additional financial covenants by maintaining minimum liquidity
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HANESBRANDS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

balance and EBITDA levels, but we're very confident that we'll maintain compliance with these covenant
requirements over that period. Like Gerald mentioned earlier, we ran several different scenarios, including
a stress test model, which had a prolonged shelter in place with stores not reopening until October and we
meet that covenant threshold even under that stress test financial scenario. And while this may be -- this
precaution may be proved to be overly concerned about getting the amendment, we feel like this step is
necessary and gives us flexibility and will allow us to take advantage of opportunities as we move forward.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo.

Our next question comes from the line of Michael Binetti with Crédit Suisse.

Kristina Casey Katten
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

This is KC Katten on for Michael. I know you talked about a couple of different scenarios about reopening
time lines. But as you look to the back-to-school orders you have so far and speak with your retail
partners, what is your outlook for what the ramp of consumer spending could look like post reopening?
Like, are there any big differences you see between the ramp of what the Innerwear side could look
like relative to the Activewear side? It sounds like today, maybe you're seeing a bigger snapback on the
Champion trends? I guess any color there would be helpful.

Gerald W. Evans
CEO & Director

Well, the opening is really in 2 ways. It's when the markets reopen to your -- and then the second part
of it is then when the consumer spending ramps back up accordingly. We've considered both of those in
our scenarios. Certainly, there is an element of the business when you talk about back-to-school, quite a
bit of it is actually done in the channels that are opening. And we're seeing nice sort of recovery in POS
there week-to-week already. So we feel good about back-to-school and those will be well positioned and
we anticipate that we'll see some opening of some other of these channels, at least, as you heard in our
scenarios, by late -- early July at the latest, which would still reach that back-to-school period.

So that does give us a ramping into that back-to-school period that we would count on. We have generally
seen it in our basics categories rebound the quickest and these seasonal items like a Champion or
something will place as the next season places, so they would place into the fall in that August-September
period as well. And so we feel good that our categories tend to rebound over time. We've seen consistent
usage as we've always said about our categories. And we think that we will recapture that lost ground as
the markets open back up.

Operator

Our next question comes from John Kernan with Cowen.

John David Kernan
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

I just wanted to ask on the gross margin. Obviously, there was some pressure in the first quarter, which
is not surprising. Inventory looks fairly clean on the balance sheet. And given your commentary around
it, you feel pretty good about the position there. I'm just wondering, how we should think about the gross
margin outlook for Q2 and the rest of the year. Do you have additional reserves you're going to have to
take? You feel like you're well reserved? And how much pressure, maybe in Q2, can you help us frame
versus what you saw in Q1?

Gerald W. Evans
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HANESBRANDS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Yes. At this point, as far as the rest of 2020, not giving guidance at this point with the uncertain
environment. As we think about inventory and where we are, again, we feel like we're in good shape as far
as the reserves that we have in place at the end of the quarter.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Heather Balsky with Bank of America.

Heather Nicole Balsky
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

First, you've touched on POS in an earlier question. I'm just curious in terms of your Innerwear business
in particular. Just if you could shed some light on what the trajectory in POS has looked like over the past
few weeks and kind of where you are in terms of getting back to the baseline pre-COVID, especially in the
mass -- in particular, mass channel. And then separately, could you just touch on also the e-commerce
launch of Champion on Walmart? The decision that went into that and kind of how you see that evolving?

Gerald W. Evans
CEO & Director

Let me -- from the first part of that POS, certainly, we've seen, as I noted in my comments, we've seen
consumers in and retailers begin to adapt as we worked out of March into April. And we've seen as the
government incentives have come into the market as well that we've seen a ramping of -- back of POS
and improvement week on week. So we like the trends we're seeing there. And of course, in the online
channel, we've seen extraordinary POS strength beyond what we have typically seen.

So generally, where things are open, we like where the trends are going. And we're seeing it, as I noted,
particularly across -- as we look at basics, we see some good performance there. But as you heard
me also say that consumers find in Champion online and they're going out and finding that as well.
Walmart.com in the listing of Champion, that was a deliberate focus with Walmart to stage our Champion
business. On that website, there were a number of third-party sellers that were selling and positioning the
brand we felt inappropriately and we were better positioned to position our brand and offering by working
directly with Walmart. So that's how that got on walmart.com.

Operator

I'm showing no further questions in queue at this time. I'd like to turn the call back to T.C. Robillard for
closing remarks.

Thomas C. Robillard
Chief Investor Relations Officer

We'd like to thank everyone for attending our call today, and we look forward to speaking with you soon.
Have a great day.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HANESBRANDS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

