Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. NYSE:HLT
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, February 17, 2021 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.02

(0.10)

NM

0.14

0.25

0.10

(60.00 %)

2.16

1033.09

890.00

(13.85 %)

1262.51

4561.78

4307.00

(5.59 %)

7647.00

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-17-2021 12:18 PM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.51

(0.30)

(0.04)

0.02

0.74

(0.61)

0.06

(0.10)

SURPRISE

45.10 %

NM

NM

NM

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 17, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

Jill Slattery
Director, Investor Relations

Kevin J. Jacobs
CFO & President, Global
Development

ANALYSTS

Carlo Santarelli
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Charles Patrick Scholes
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Stephen White Grambling
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

David Brian Katz
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

William Andrew Crow
Raymond James & Associates, Inc.,
Research Division

Joseph Richard Greff
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Richard J. Clarke
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Robin Margaret Farley
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Shaun Clisby Kelley
BofA Securities, Research Division

Smedes Rose
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 17, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the Hilton Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call.
[Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to Jill Slattery, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go
ahead.

Jill Slattery
Director, Investor Relations

Thank you, Chad. Welcome to Hilton's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Earnings Call. Before we begin,
we would like to remind you that our discussions this morning will include forward-looking statements.
Actual results could differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements, and forward-
looking statements made today speak only to our expectations as of today. We undertake no obligation to
publicly update or revise these statements. For a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual
results to differ, please see the Risk Factors section of our most recently filed Form 10-K as supplemented
via our 10-Q filed on November 4, 2020.

In addition, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures on this call. You can find reconciliations
of non-GAAP to GAAP financial measures discussed in today's call in our earnings press release and on our
website at ir.hilton.com.

This morning, Chris Nassetta, our President and Chief Executive Officer, will provide an overview of
the current operating environment; Kevin Jacobs, our Chief Financial Officer and President, Global
Development, will then review our fourth quarter and full year results. Following their remarks, we will be
happy to take your questions. With that, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Chris.

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Jill, and good morning, everyone. We certainly appreciate you all joining us today, and I hope
everybody is staying well. I want to start with something difficult. I want to start by extending my most
heartfelt condolences to the Sorenson family and the thousands of Marriott associates around the world
following the heartbreaking news of Arne's passing. To say I'm deeply saddened by that loss, it would be
an understatement.

As many of you know, had the opportunity to work with Arne in a number of capacities throughout my
career, including earlier on at Host. I think it's very fair to say he was an exceptional leader, but also an
incredible person and a great friend. Our industry is better because of him, and I am a better professional
and a better person because of him. On behalf of everyone at Hilton family, the entire Marriott family are
in our thoughts.

As we all know, this past year has presented unique challenges, including a pandemic that devastated
lives, communities, and businesses across the world, widespread economic declines and acts of social
injustice. Due to the extraordinary levels of disruption, our industry experienced demand declines we've
never seen before in our 101-year history. Guided by our founding purpose, to make the world a better
place through the light and warmth of hospitality, we acted quickly to ensure the safety and well-being of
our people. We also took steps to protect our business by rightsizing our cost structure and enhancing our
liquidity position while continuing to drive net unit growth and increase our network effect.

As a result of these moves, we expect to recover from the pandemic as a stronger, higher-margin business
that is even better positioned to deliver performance for our owners and strong free cash flow for our
shareholders. While it's certainly been a very difficult year, we're proud of everything we've accomplished,
but we certainly could not have done it without the support of all of our stakeholders.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 17, 2021

For that, I'd like to extend a heartfelt thank you to all of our loyal customers, our important owner
partners, our communities who supported us and enabled us to support them, our team members who
gave their hearts and souls to our business and our shareholders who stood by us. Because of our
amazing people, we've been able to lean on our award-winning culture, which earned the #1 Best Place to
Work in the United States for the second consecutive year and the #3 World's Best Workplace to help get
us through these trying times.

Turning to results. For the full year, system-wide RevPAR declined 57% with adjusted EBITDA down only
modestly, more illustrating the resiliency of our fee-based model. We also demonstrated the strength of
our brands and power of our customer-centric strategy by achieving market share gains across every
region, even in a distressed business environment.

For the quarter, system-wide RevPAR declined 59%, relatively in line with our expectations. The positive
momentum in demand that we saw through the summer and early fall was disrupted in November,
December by rising COVID cases, tightening travel restrictions and further hotel suspensions, particularly
in Europe. Similar to the third quarter, drive to leisure travel drove an outsized portion of demand.
Business transient and group trends showed modest sequential improvement versus the prior quarter, but
overall demand remained quite muted.

As we look to the year ahead, we remain optimistic that accelerating vaccine distribution will lead to
easing government restrictions and unlock pent-up travel demand. For the first quarter, overall trends
so far appear to be similar to the fourth quarter with modest increases in demand in the U.S., offsetting
stalled recoveries in Europe and Asia Pacific. We expect improving fundamentals heading into spring
with essentially all system-wide rooms reopened by the end of the second quarter. We expect a more
pronounced recovery in the back half of the year driven by increased leisure demand and meaningful
rebounds in corporate transient and group business.

Over the last year, the personal savings rate in the United States has nearly doubled, increasing by
more than $1.6 trillion to $2.9 trillion, with the potential to go even higher given additional stimulus. We
expect this to drive greater leisure demand as travel restrictions ease and markets reopened the tourism.
Additionally, conversations with our large corporate customers along with sequential upticks in business
transient booking pace year-to-date indicate that there is pent-up demand for business travel that should
drive a recovery in corporate transient trends as the year progresses.

On the group side, we saw a meaningful step-up in new group demand in January with our back half
group position showing significant sequential improvement versus the first half of the year. With roughly
70% of bookings made within a week of travel, overall visibility remains limited. However, we continue to
see signs of optimism. In fact, the vast majority of our large corporate accounts agreed to extend 2020
negotiated rates into this year.

Despite the challenges in 2020, we opened more than 400 hotels, totaling nearly 56,000 rooms and
achieved net unit growth of 5.1%, slightly ahead of guidance. Fourth quarter openings were up nearly
30% year-over-year, largely driven by new development in China, where our focused-service brands
continue to command a disproportionate share of industry growth. We also celebrated our 1,000,000th
room milestone and the openings of our 300th hotel in China, our 600th DoubleTree hotel and our 900th
Hilton Garden Inn. We ended up the year with 397,000 rooms in our development pipeline, up 3% year-
over-year. While market disruption weighed on new development signings, conversion signings increased
more than 30% versus the prior year.

As owners look to benefit from the strength of our network, we anticipate continued positive momentum
and conversion activity, particularly through DoubleTree and our collection brands. During the quarter,
we signed agreements to expand our Curio Collection in Mexico and bring our Tapestry Collection to
Portugal. This marks one of several new Tapestry hotels scheduled to open across Europe this year. We
also announced plans to debut LXR in the Seychelles with Mango House Seychelles. The property will
deliver a truly unique hospitality experience with spaces, guest rooms and suites and 5 world-class food
and beverage venues. Scheduled to open in the coming months, the hotel underscores our commitment to
further expanding our resort portfolio.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 17, 2021

Building on that momentum, we kicked off 2021 with an agreement to bring LXR to Bali. Additionally,
we celebrated the openings of Oceana Santa Monica, which marked LXR's U.S. debut as well as the
Waldorf Astoria, Monarch Beach Resort and the Hilton Vancouver Downtown, which was converted from a
competitor brand. With these notable openings and many exciting development opportunities in front of
us, we are confident in our ability to continue delivering solid growth over the next several years.

The pandemic rapidly changed guest behaviors, priorities and concerns. We listen to our customers and
move quickly to launch modifications to our Honors loyalty program, deliver industry-leading standards
of cleanliness and hygiene with Hilton CleanStay and provide flexible, distraction-free environments
for remote work with WorkSpaces by Hilton. Additionally, with an even stronger focus on recovery, last
month, we implemented Hilton EventReady Hybrid Solutions, an expanded set of resources to help event
planners address the dramatic shift towards hybrid meetings as group business rebounds. Our flexibility
and innovation drove continued growth in our Honors network, ending the year with more than 112 million
members who accounted for approximately 60% of system-wide occupancy.

Throughout 2020, we also remained focused on our corporate responsibility and our commitment to
our ESG initiatives. We're proud to contribute to our communities, and we're honored to be named the
global industry leader in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for the second year in a row. And earmarked
by challenge and change, we effectively executed our crisis response strategy, carefully managed key
stakeholder relationships and continued to press forward on strategic opportunities. I'm confident that
there are brighter days ahead and that we are in a stronger, more resilient, and we are better positioned
than ever before.

With that, I'm going to turn the call over to Kevin for a few more details on the fourth quarter and the full
year.

Kevin J. Jacobs
CFO & President, Global Development

Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Before I begin, I'd like to echo Chris' sentiments about Arne.
My thoughts are certainly with his family and with my many friends at Marriott, who I know are hurting
this morning.

During the quarter, system-wide RevPAR declined 59.2% versus the prior year on a comparable and
currency-neutral basis as the pandemic continued to disrupt the demand environment. Relative to the
third quarter, occupancy was modestly lower, partially due to seasonality and further tempered by rising
COVID cases and associated travel restrictions.

Adjusted EBITDA was $204 million in the fourth quarter, down 65% year-over-year. Results reflected
the continued impact of the pandemic on global travel demand, including temporary suspensions at
some of our hotels during the quarter. Management and franchise fees decreased 50%, less than RevPAR
decreased as franchise fee declines were somewhat mitigated by better-than-expected Honors license fees
and development fees.

Overall, revenue declines were mitigated by continued cost control at both the corporate and property
levels. For the full year, our corporate G&A expenses were down nearly 30% year-over-year at the high
end of our expectations. Our ownership portfolio posted a loss for the quarter due to the challenging
demand environment, temporary closures in Europe and fixed operating costs, including fixed rent
payments at some of our leased properties. Continued cost control measures, coupled with onetime items
mitigated segment losses. For the fourth -- for the quarter, diluted loss per share adjusted for special
items was $0.10.

Turning to our balance sheet. We continue to enhance our liquidity position and preserve our financial
flexibility. Over the last few months, we opportunistically refinanced $3.4 billion of senior notes to extend
our maturities at lower rates. In January, we also repaid $250 million of the outstanding balance under our
$1.75 billion revolving credit facility. On a pro forma basis, taking these transactions into effect as of year-
end 2020, we've lowered our weighted average cost of debt to 3.6% and extended our weighted average
maturity to 7.2 years. We have no major debt maturities until 2024 and maintain a well-staggered

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 17, 2021

maturity ladder thereafter. Further details on our fourth quarter and full year can be found in the earnings
release we issued earlier this morning.
This completes our prepared remarks. We would now like to open the line for any questions you may have.
[Operator Instructions] Chad, can we have our first question, please?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 17, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And the first question will come from Joe Greff with JPMorgan.

Joseph Richard Greff
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Chris, I just want to start off with a big picture question. I'm sure you'll get a lot of questions about 2021
net rooms growth and how you're thinking about pipeline growth from here. But Chris, I'd love to hear
your thoughts on how you're thinking about your business 3 years out post vaccine. What's different about
your business in terms of individual business transient travel, group travel, leisure travel relative to pre
COVID? What's different do you think about full service and limited service development in the future
relative to pre COVID?

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

Yes, it's a great question. And so a lot to unpack there. But I think, Joe, when you go out, and obviously,
you could debate this and I've debated it ad nauseam with a lot of people. I think if you go out 3 years,
whatever, 3 or 4 years, I think demand is going to look a lot like it did in '17, '18 and '19. And meaning
the makeup of the business has between business transient, leisure transient and group at that point in
time, I think, will look quite similar.

Now certain of the types of -- if you get underneath the demand, particularly in business transient and
the group side might be for different reasons than then. I mean there'll be a substitution effect, clearly, in
certain types of travel being substituted with sort of the new -- the Zoom calls and digital opportunities.
But they'll be replaced with other forms of travel. And we've seen this throughout history. I mean if you go
back -- and I wasn't really around, but the telephone and the Internet and telepresence and voice mail.
There were always the arguments that this is going to truncate the need to travel and congregate.

And the reality is what it typically does is it accelerates it, right, because it just gives more efficiency.
It speeds -- it ultimately speeds things up. It ultimately continues to connect the world and speed
up globalization. And as a result, people need to congregate. They need to travel. They need to build
relationships. They need to build cultures. They need to innovate. And those things really cannot be done
as well without face-to-face opportunities, both in a group setting as well as individual business travel-
type needs. And so I -- having done it longer than I'd like to admit, 35, 40 years, I -- we've been debating
this. I don't -- again, I think there'll be some substitution effect. But I think it will look a lot like it did.

And then our business, a couple of comments since you asked, our business is going to be a better
business and a stronger business and a faster growing, higher-margin business. Why? Because, listen,
throughout the next 3 years, we're going to continue to grow 4% or 5% unit growth. So we're going to
be a bigger company. The units that we had pre COVID, if you believe what I believe, which is you'll have
similar demand levels, will be producing like they were.

You'll have all these new units that are then going to also be producing and you have a lower cost
structure, because we've taken a significant amount of cost-out on a cash basis. Sort of if you look at on a
run rate in this year, so on a cash basis in the mid-teens, something like that, maybe a little bit better. And
we're going to be incredibly disciplined as we always have been. I think we've been on a G&A basis, at the
low end of spending in the industry, but we got even better last year. And that's going to -- when you put
all the same flows of fees through the system with more units and a lower cost structure, it's simple math.
It's a higher-margin business.

And so I know it's sort of an odd time to be pounding the table with optimism, and so I probably shouldn't.
But as we sit around this table, I'm at our Board table when we talk about it, it's been a hard year, the
hardest any of us have ever endured. But as a result of it, we put ourselves in about the best position we

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 17, 2021

could have. And honestly, I think the business is going to be better for it. And I think it's going to produce
higher margins and more free cash flow, which were going to be -- which is going to allow us to return
even more capital than we were pre COVID to our shareholders, which we think over the very long term is
going to drive incredible returns.

The last point was on limited service, full service. And I'm not -- I'm covering a lot of territory, I know, but
you ask these things. And I think it's an important note because it's something I talked a lot about pre
COVID that, frankly, I don't think got enough attention, which is the mega trend in our -- in the industry
in every market in the world, there is not an exception, is the mid-market, right? That's -- why is that?
Because that's where the bulk of the population is. That's where the bulk of the population growth is,
particularly in the emerging markets. And so what can those people afford mid-market brands? I would
say, I know I'm sort of padding us up. We have the best mid-market brands in the world.

I mean it's being proven out in the growth of those brands in -- both in the U.S. but outside the U.S.,
outstripping the competition in Europe, outstripping the competition in Asia Pacific, particularly China.
And that's not by luck. We've been very purposeful over the last 10 years in making sure that we take
the best brands here, and we adapt those and refine those from a product and service point of view. We
pick great development partners, like we've done in China, to make sure that these are adapted to those
environments, what the customers want with the development community, in those environments, in
those regions want that it has allowed us to show really strong growth and continue to.

So the mega trend, which was before COVID, and I would say as a result of the economic distress that
this has caused, only gets sort of accentuated in a post-COVID world is the mid-market. And I feel really,
really good about the work that we've done to put ourselves in a good position. And I think it's showing
up. I think it's showing up in the numbers of our unit growth, right, because the bulk of that unit -- I
mean, we have lots of great things going on in luxury. We're making tremendous progress there. Lots of
great things going on in the upper upscale and all that.

But the bulk of -- you see, particularly in this environment, the bulk of the growth all over the world is
really coming in limited service. And I've been saying it for years. If you wake up in 20 years and you look
back and say, where was the bulk of the growth in demand and thus, the bulk of the growth in rooms, it's
going to be in the mid-market. And that's why we've been focused on everything, but so intensely focused
on that because in the end, that's what's going to drive higher growth rate. That is what -- having the best
brands in that space that we adapt to the local market conditions is what's going to deliver alpha for us,
the real alpha, over the next 10 or 20 years.

Operator

The next question comes from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.

Carlo Santarelli
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

[indiscernible]

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

Carlo, we can't hear you very well. Can you speak up a little? Sorry.

Carlo Santarelli
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I'm sorry, guys. Can you hear me a little better?

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

Yes, yes, yes. Sorry. Great.

Carlo Santarelli

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 17, 2021

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

If you spent some time, obviously, talking about how you're thinking about the pipeline. And I guess, kind
of conversion, it is looking better, maybe about 19% of units this year, 2020 certainly. How do you see
conversion activity representing the growth algorithm over the next, call it, 12 to 24 months? Obviously,
they will be used to augment. Where could you kind of see that conversion percentage as a percentage of
your [indiscernible] that is kind of peaking out for the next 2 years?

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

I think I got all that. You are kind of cutting in and out. So I'll answer what I think I heard, and if I miss
something, come back and remind me. So in terms of NUG, we feel the same way we have felt over the
last couple of quarters. We obviously delivered a little bit better at 5.1%, because we had a huge fourth
quarter in terms of deliveries. But we've said over the next few years, we think we'll deliver 4% to 5%.
And I still feel really good about that. I think this year, it will probably be more the midpoint to the high
end of that, similar to last year. But I think over the next few years, we feel comfortable with that.

And in part, leading to what I heard is the second part of your question, is success that we're having on
the conversion side. We've always been focused on conversions and in downturns. As everybody knows,
that's very fertile ground. Over the past 5 or 6 years, we've gone from having essentially one conversion
brand, really, that was the big engine, which was DoubleTree to now having 4 between our 3 soft brands
and DoubleTree, all of which are producing for us. And I think we'll continue to escalate.

I mentioned in my prepared comments, our signings for conversions were up 30% last year. Our starts,
which I did not mention, probably should have, were up 40%. And our fourth quarter are open, we're up
about 44%. So what you see happening is sort of natural, like it takes a little bit of time to ramp. You're
right, we were circa 20% of overall NUG and conversions, that was up 300 or 400 basis points versus
the prior year. And I think what you'll see over the next few years is that will become a larger and larger
component of overall NUG.

How high will it go, which maybe would be the next question, so I'll answer it. Unclear. I mean we -- in the
Great Recession, it went into the 40s. I don't think it will go that high because I honestly think we have so
many other engines firing, particularly in China with all of our limited service growth as compared to the
Great Recession, that I don't think it will go that higher. But I think it could clearly go into the upper 20s,
low 30s over the next few years.

And so we have tremendous amount of focus on it as you would guess, and the development teams
are aligned around those goals. And I think you are starting to see, with some of the numbers that I
described, the natural ramp-up in that and very, very good progress there. So I think things are coming
along really nicely. Did I miss anything in your question?

Carlo Santarelli
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

No. Certainly, you covered it all.

Operator

The next question is from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.

Shaun Clisby Kelley
BofA Securities, Research Division

Chris or Kevin, maybe sort of going down the same path as you just did for net units on -- digging in on
the G&A cadence a little bit more. Obviously, I think there's some noise with stock-based comp. But Chris,
I think you referred to overall kind of cash expense savings and a higher margin profile structure looking
out a few years. Could you just help us kind of build on that a little bit as you kind of look out a little
further? What's either the right run rate to think about relative to 2019 levels for 2021? Or just maybe

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 17, 2021

even more strategically, how much more efficient do you think we are a few years out from now versus
where we ended 2019?

Kevin J. Jacobs
CFO & President, Global Development

Yes, Shaun, I'll take that one. I think you sort of pointed out some of it, right, on the GAAP G&A side,
which includes stock comp that's noncash, right? So over the course of last year, we wrote down our
plans, and then we put in a new plan in place in the fourth quarter. So you saw some things bounce
around and then overall and ended up at 30%. On a cash basis, we ended up, I can't remember if, Chris,
you said this in your first answer. But on a cash basis, we ended up about 20% better, 2020 over 2019.
And then I know Chris did say this, we think '21 versus 2019 will be down in the mid-teens on a cash
basis.

And so how can that trend going forward? I think, look, overall, wages and benefits have been growing in
excess of core inflation. Over time, that's probably not going to trend. But we've -- look, we're adding no
new heads in the business this year. And so we think for several years, we're going to remain disciplined
as we always have, and there's no reason to think that we can't grow cash overhead at sort of slightly
ahead of inflation. There's slightly more than inflation, because that's probably what wages and benefits
wants to grow over the next few years. And there's nothing that we see in the future that says we can't
continue to get back to scaling the business without having step changes in growth in overhead.

Operator

The next question comes from David Katz with Jefferies.

David Brian Katz
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Good to hear everyone's voices. Chris, in your comments, you talked about pent-up demand for corporate
travel, and you made some comments around group. And I'm hoping that you might be able to go just a
little bit further and talk about how broad-based that might be, any industries, et cetera? It's obviously
quite intuitive that leisure would have a lot of pent-up demand, but we spend a lot of time debating those
other segments. And we just love a little more depth, if you have it available.

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I can give you -- I'll give you what I do have. I mean I talked about in my prepared comments,
David, the leisure side, and I think we all -- I think we can all kind of stipulate that people want to get out
of their basements and they want to travel. And while people have been starting to do that, not that many
have. And certainly, the higher-end leisure business has not really been out and about.

And so I think as you get through what is going to be a mass vaccination period of time over the next
90 days, I think when you get to late spring and summer, everything I'm hearing, talking to the Biden
administration, which you're now reading in the papers, too, but we're having pretty direct conversations.
I think maybe even sooner, I think -- the President said last night, I heard that by the end of July, every
American will be able to be vaccinated. My own belief based -- if you look at the manufacturing curve and
expectation of J&J getting approved, probably by the end of this month that could be much -- that could
be sooner than the middle of the summer.

So I think once you get there, I think people have a lot of savings, even though they've been buying stuff
like crazy as we know because a lot of the retail and car business and homes and all that have been doing
well. They want to get out. They want to get out more than ever, talk to anybody, talk to any of your
friends and you get the answer. And so I think the trend line there will be quite good when you get a bit of
the all-clear sign, which I think will be -- hopefully, by spring, certainly no worse than summer.

On the business transient, there are data points. I mean what -- but a lot of it is admittedly anecdotal in
the sense of just discussions that we're having with our big customers and trends that we're seeing. As

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 17, 2021

we're having discussions with our customers, as we've been renegotiating all of our corporate negotiated
accounts. I mean clearly, there is massive pent-up demand.

I mean they may -- by the way, they're obviously in businesses that are hurting, they're going to have
cutbacks for maybe their run rate numbers of '18 and '19. But the reality is they just -- in the short term,
they have so many things that they need to do when you talk to them about collecting their people,
innovation, just team meetings, getting out with clients and customers and the like that it's just -- it's
been over a year. By the time they're out a little bit, 15 months. And forget the fact they want to see
people. They need to see people.

And so you're starting to see that even though we're in the -- you see the infection rate coming down. I
mean we're still not through the crisis, for sure. And you're starting to see it in the booking trends. I mean
the business transient trends are clearly sort of, week by week, are marching up even in the middle of all
this, even though we don't have the -- an all-clear sign.

So not tons of data other than real booking data suggests short term, it's moving in the right direction,
but lots of conversations with customers are saying that. And lots of surveying that we're doing is
suggesting like it was -- that people are more interested in travel for leisure and business. As our polling
goes, like over 80% are going to say they got to get back out on the road, which is the highest number,
obviously, we've seen since this mess began. So that's good.

On the group side, that's going to take longer, but the trend lines are good. If you look at like our lead
volume, sort of fourth quarter versus January, January was up 35%. If you look at it, January versus
December, it was up 50%. I'd give you the quarter because normally, January would step up from
December because of the holidays. So I want to -- I think a better number would probably be sort of the
average over the whole fourth quarter. But that's up by more than 1/3.

A staff that -- as I go through the team that I thought was very encouraging on the group side was that
our first half position for 2021 versus '19. So let's forget '20, because it was a washout. I mean the
comparability is not relevant. If you look at it versus a stabilized year of '19, first half position on the
group side system-wide is down 80%. The second half of the year versus the second half of '19 is down by
32%.

So again, it's still off, but by a lot lesser margin. And that's a result of people saying, I got to get out.
I want to get out. I want to -- I got to have team meetings. I got to have small group, medium-sized
group. Conventions are starting to book again because they're going to go out of business if they don't get
booking again. With an expectation, obviously, by the time you get the second half of the year, that it's
safe, and they can do it from a health point of view. And so we need this -- my belief is we will get there,
but we need this vaccination effort between now and June, July to really ramp up. And it feels like, day by
day, that's happening. So that's a little bit of color.

Obviously, we got to play out the next few months and have the right things fall into place. But I think
there's a real opportunity for the -- I said this publicly, I think on Bloomberg or somewhere, but I do think
there's a great opportunity for the second half of the year to be better than any of us think. Because when
-- it's like everything. When you're at the top of the cycle, you always think everything is going to stay
good forever, and it's a new norm. And when you're looking from the bottom, the depths of doom, your
sort of trend lining off of a lot of negativity. And eventually, this thing is going to flip and people want to
get out. No matter what anybody says, they want to travel. And when the all-clear sign is sort of given,
which is the light at the end of the tunnel and I think coming soon, I think there's a huge amount of pent-
up demand. And I think we could all like what we see in the second half of the year.

David Brian Katz
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Appreciate it. And if I may for just a very quick follow-up. On the subject of hybrid segment or bleisure,
any thoughts, strategies or marketing efforts to that end?

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 17, 2021

Yes. I mean all of our efforts on the marketing side, I mean, to keep it short and simple, so we can let
other folks ask questions. All of our efforts have been focused on fishing where the fish are. And right now,
what -- where the fish are at the moment is in sort of value-based leisure and bleisure business.

So and it's really -- the bleisure part of it is small businesses that really don't have the choice but to travel
to keep their businesses going, and they are sort of mixing it with leisure opportunities because they have
more mobility in a sense they're not locked into -- their kids aren't locked into necessarily being in schools
and they're not locked into being in an office. So all of our efforts across what we're doing with Honors,
what we're doing with promotions, what we're doing with our marketing spend have been focused on that.

Now that's all going to obviously shift. If all goes well, and I'm right, you'll -- and we're obviously working
on the plans to not go immediately back to where we were, but to start to migrate back to sort of a more
normal approach as demand patterns become more normalized.

Operator

The next question is from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs.

Stephen White Grambling
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

On your comments on the second half '21 trends, those are all helpful. But perhaps coming at it from
another angle, how did leisure business and group segments fare in China in the fourth quarter before
incremental lockdowns? And how would you compare and contrast that market to the U.S. as you think
about how it may inform the trajectory of a recovery once cases are rained in? And perhaps as a related
follow-up, are you seeing any signs of that substitution of trips that you're referencing in that market?

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

Obviously, China, as you implied in your question, sort of backed up with what's going on, particularly in
the north of China more than the south of China in the first quarter. In the fourth quarter, I would say --
I don't have all the data in front of me, but I would say anecdotally from lots of conversations with our
Asia Pac and our China team, it was very rapidly sort of approaching normalcy, meaning we weren't fully
back with -- there was still a little bit heavier leisure component, but there always is in China, by the way.
I mean it's a heavier leisure market broadly. But we weren't too terribly far off of our business transient
and our group trends, but it was following the same pattern I would expect here. Leisure leads, business
transient is a close second, and the groups just because they're, by nature of group business, it's a little
bit longer lead time, there's a little bit more planning with lagging a bit.

But they -- China, we were running like 10 points off, something like that. So we were getting -- before
they backed up, we were getting to, I think, very normalized levels of demand. We were not seeing any
material, as far as we could tell, with the data we had, any sort of substitution effect. Reality is China was
sort of going back to the normal trends that it had very rapidly before COVID. And so I think, well, China
is different in lots of ways. I think humans are humans. And I think that's why my belief is that as we sort
of come out of this, leisure will lead business streams, it will be a fast follow. Group will take a little bit
longer to develop because of the lead times. But the demand patterns will, over a couple of years, return
and look a lot like they did pre COVID.

Stephen White Grambling
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

And one very quick follow-up. Just can you remind us what percentage of the China business is normally
international inbound, which I imagine you'd have to overcome to get to that 10 points off.

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

Yes. It's about 10 points, 10%.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 17, 2021

Operator

The next question will be from Bill Crow with Raymond James.

William Andrew Crow
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

I got a two-parter on unit growth, if I might. The first part of it is simply, are there economic differences
to Hilton between adding a conversion DoubleTree or, say, opening a Hampton Inn that is newly built? And
maybe that's a year 1 versus year 3 question.

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean the difference is -- I think you already answered sort of implied. It's just timing. I mean
conversions just happen faster, most but not always in the year for the year, but typically, between signing
and getting them in the system and paying fees. It happens very rapidly, usually within 6 to 12 months.
And signing of new builds, depending on where in the world you are, takes anywhere from 12 to 48
months. And so conversions produce faster.

I'd say in terms of ramps and underlying economics, I mean, I'm looking at Kevin, he runs the
development. Not a material difference as I think about it. I don't have the data in front of me, but
anecdotally, we're involved with that. Yes, and we're involved in all these deals. I don't think there's any
real difference in terms of -- I think it just comes faster. I think the basic fee structures are quite similar.

Kevin J. Jacobs
CFO & President, Global Development

Yes, that's right. And I just think DoubleTree's a full-service hotel. So it's market specific, but the absolute
level of fees tends to be a little bit higher. But generally speaking, the return profile is very similar.

William Andrew Crow
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Perfect. Perfect. The follow-up or the second part is, whether you think the $15 national minimum wage
would impact development economics for select service, say, your Tru hotels, which tend to be in smaller
markets where maybe the labor rate is much lower.

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

It could. I've been talking to lots of folks about this issue. And broadly, I think many, including me, are
supportive over time that the minimum wage needs to move up. But as I've said to a number of people
in the administration time in place, sort of how you do it and when you do it matters. And so I think the
likely outcome is -- I don't know that it will end up in this first bill. I do think that there -- I think that is
probably not highly likely based on what I'm hearing, possible but not highly likely. But it will not be an
issue that goes away.

And I think that the how and the when then become important. And so how being that, first of all, even
in what's being proposed now, it's not all to $15. It's staged in over basically 5 years. And so I think that
creates a ramp, that allows people to adjust and create -- we're obviously working with our owners on
creating even more efficiencies. So it's not like overnight, you go across the country to $15. By the way,
there are a whole bunch of markets that are already $15, and so they've been dealing with it.

I would also like to think that if people really spend the time figuring out that not every market is the
same, that living in Poughkeepsie is not the same as living in New York City and that these can be
indexed. And then when do you start to sort of move it up, I think, is a big issue. My personal worry and
concern is the hospitality industry has been more impacted from a jobs point of view than any industry in
the country. And it's the slowest in recovery in terms of bringing jobs back. And I don't think raising the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 17, 2021

minimum wage, no matter how you look at the analysis, is going to help. I think it will slow the rehiring of
people in the industry.

And so I am hopeful that in the end that people will be a rational -- rational thinking will prevail. And
as a result, this will not be a major issue, certainly in the short to intermediate term. I think we should
all assume that the minimum wage is going to be going up over time, in fact, because it needs to. But
again, I think it's -- I'm hopeful that it will be done in a staged way. And there'll be other mechanisms built
into the timing and the geographical approach. That will make it make sense on all sides. So the short --
that's a long answer, Bill. The short answer is, I don't think in the short to intermediate term, there's any
meaningful impact as a result of it.

Kevin J. Jacobs
CFO & President, Global Development

And Bill, I'll just add, I mean, that obviously covers the ground on the issue really well. I'll just add as
a quick plug for our products, right? And so our products, on a relative basis, if you start with revenue
premiums and then our more modern prototypical, particularly you referenced Tru, that even though if
wage and benefits costs go up, that does make it more expensive for developers. But on a relative basis,
our products are more efficient. So it should continue to give us an opportunity to differentiate ourselves
from a product perspective.

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

And the last point, not to hit it too hard, is that the work we're doing right now in every one of our brands,
including Tru and Hampton, everything else, is about taking -- making them higher-margin businesses and
taking -- creating more labor efficiencies, particularly in the areas of housekeeping, food and beverage and
other areas. So they're going to -- when we get out of the crisis, those businesses will be higher margin
and require less labor than they did pre COVID. So that will also sort of factored for in my commentary.

But I think that, hopefully, the net of it is, as it goes up, it's done over a longer period of time and it's
done in a sort of thoughtful way.

Operator

Next question comes from Patrick Scholes with Truist Securities.

Charles Patrick Scholes
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Curious as to your interest at the moment in tuck-in brand acquisitions today versus sort of your historical
normal strategy of building brands from scratch, specifically interest in perhaps buying international
brands or international private brands.

Kevin J. Jacobs
CFO & President, Global Development

Yes. Thanks, Patrick. A good question and one we certainly -- we get frequently. I don't think my views
changed at all. I mean, I think I've been saying for 13 years since we bought nothing. We've gone from
a family of 9 brands to 18 brands. So we've doubled it in the time I've been here, and we haven't bought
one of them. We've organically developed every single one of them. So for my entire time here, I've been
saying, never say never, right? You've heard my speech. If it passes all the right filters, we'd consider it,
but nothing has, and so I think not necessarily the path is indicative of the future, but it sort of tells you
our predisposition.

And so I would say, never say never. But the filter is a very tight filtration system, which is we think we
got the best brand portfolio in the business. We think that is -- that can be proven scientifically by the
fact that every one of our brands is a market share leader. Everyone that we've developed, we think, is
purpose-built around exactly what customers want, and we like that. And so anything that we would look
to acquire would have to sort of meet that profile, like we don't want to go backwards because we don't

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 17, 2021

have to. We have pretty much every category covered. If something is not covered, we could launch it. I
don't think you'll see us launch a whole lot of new brands in the short term.

But why would we do that? We have -- all the segments generally covered we want to cover. We have the
best brands. Why would we pick up something that wasn't superb in the same way that we didn't have to
be distracted trying to fix and that we paid a lot of money for, which leads me to the next filter, which is
economics. If you do a simple math, we're developing these brands for nothing, not to make it -- and so
we have an infinite yield every time we do it. Every time we do a Tru or a Home2 and these things become
mega brands, they become billion -- multibillion-dollar businesses over time, it's an infinite return because
we've effectively invested just sweat equity, so something, but not much. So when we look at buying stuff,
we haven't found anything that was perfect that doesn't require a lot of elbow grease, and you're paying a
lot of money for it. So we just -- again, never say never. But that's sort of how we think about it.

Now your comment -- your question also implied like region -- sort of regional process. That's where
maybe, I hate to say it and have it become a headline, because I think the likelihood is we're not going
to do that. But there are sort of smaller regional brands and places where maybe we want a stronger
foothold that aren't -- that don't show up a whole lot in the radar, but for what they are, are very, very
good. And so we've looked at a bunch of those over time. And we'll continue to do that.

The net result has been, while we've looked at a bunch of them, we haven't done any. And again, I would
say -- I would condition everybody to say, we like what we got. We think we got the -- no offense to our
competitors, maybe we got the best setup for the future in the industry. And the last thing we want to do
is botch it by either bringing brands that, like my father used to say, you hang with the dogs, you get the
fleas. We don't want to bring stuff in that messes up the portfolio. And we're intensely focused on good
capital allocation. I was -- those are my origins and business being a good capital allocator. And so when
you put it together, I think, not high likelihood, but not -- never impossible.

Operator

Next question will come from Robin Farley with UBS.

Robin Margaret Farley
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I actually have 2 half questions, some are sort of follow-ups. One is just on the group commentary and
you talked about how much better the second half looks. I've got to think that for '22, there will be group
events that haven't, at that point, taken place in 3 years. I've got to think your volume for '22 would be
better than '19. Is it just too early to see that...

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

It's too early. I think when we get into the second half of this year, that my own belief, I should hardly
say this, but it's like I said to our team the other day, do not give away space in 2022 too cheap, like --
because I think there's going to be gargantuan demand. And as a result, more pricing power than people
think just because you -- people have accumulated all sorts of needs that are going to get released, and it
takes time to plan. So what you're going to see in the second half of this year is, I think, the big uptick will
be in the SMERF business because those are smaller groups. They can have -- the planning is not as time-
consuming. The lead times aren't.

The big stuff, it takes time when you're doing 1,000 person or multi-thousand person conventions. Even
if you're doing it hybrid, it takes a lot of planning. And so that's really almost, at this point, got to start to
fall into next year. So yes, I think if all goes according to plan in the first half of this year with vaccinations
and there's a reality that people feel like they can start to congregate again, being intelligent about it, but
do it in a safe way, I think you'll -- in the second half of this year, you'll see a bunch of demand that will
dump into next year on stuff that requires planning.

Robin Margaret Farley
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 17, 2021

Great. Super helpful. And then my other follow-up was on the unit growth comments. And I think your
comments about next year were maybe better than what some had worried about. Maybe '21 is benefiting
from some of the construction in '20 that had been delayed.

So I guess when you talked about 4% to 5% for the next few years and this year being at the higher end
of that, does that sound like that maybe '22 would be at the lower end, maybe -- that there's maybe going
to be a little bit of an air pocket for new development that would have started in the last 12 months? Is
that how we should kind of think about those...

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I don't think it would be that low. I think we are definitely -- I mean, we had 5.1% last year. We
delivered a lot more than we thought. Just as we look at this year, there's a lot of stuff in production. We
think, again, we have really good momentum on conversions, which is going to help us more this year
than last. It will help again even more so in '22. And then there's just stuff that's moving through that was
under construction or was put under construction that's going to help us.

I think next year, I mean, we still -- we put 75,000 rooms under construction last year. And most of
that is not going to deliver this year. It's going to deliver in the next. And as I said, we're ramping
on conversions. So I do think that 2022 could be lower than 2021, but not by the degree that you're
suggesting. I still think that ultimately, our goal is to be sort of in that 4% to 5% range in all those years.

Operator

Next question will be from Richard Clarke with Bernstein.

Richard J. Clarke
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Just a couple of questions on your conversations with owners. You used to talk about some upside on the
take rate as you sort of rolled contracts over. I'm just wondering, as we've gone through this pandemic,
are you able to enact on that and push the sort of fee percentages up? And also, you gave them some
CapEx holidays. How urgent is it that they kind of begin that renovation process? And when would you
expect that to restart?

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

Both good questions. Good questions. So on the first, our published rates, you would say, if you average
all our brands, is about 5.6% in license fees. We're about 5% right now in terms of effective rate, in
terms of where people are in the cycle. We're not going to, anytime soon, be increasing those rates in an
absolute sense. But by definition, every time a contract turns, it goes to the new rate. And I think -- I'm
not saying anybody likes it, but that's sort of standard -- the standard within the industry. It's certainly
what we've always done, and we'll continue to do that.

So you'll see that sort of grind up about 10, 15 basis points a year. And then when we get to the other
side of this, depending on the economics and ultimate market share and all those things, obviously, we
can look at what we do with our fee structures. But we're going to sort of keep -- we think that they are
good where they are, and we'll keep our effective rates will keep grinding up as you have natural rollover.

On the CapEx side, it's really important. It's a delicate balance. The obvious one, which is you got to keep
the portfolio. We have the market share leaders in every one of these categories. Part of that is obviously
service, a part of it's product. And part of that product is about having fresh product, consistent and high-
quality product. We're very religious about it. We have given a lot of relief. Thankfully, we went into the
crisis in a really good position because we've been unbelievably diligent and disciplined, and our owner
community over time has recognized that to get those premiums, they have to keep their assets up.

And so we went into the crisis a year ago in a good place. We have the ability, we think, to give them a bit
of grace for a period of time and not have a significant impact with our customer base. But as we get to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 17, 2021

the other side of this, yes, we're going to have to get back to having that kind of discipline, which is not
just in our interest, it's in our owner's interest if they want to continue to drive results.

I suspect that that's going to be next year and not this year, just in the sense that while I think the second
half we're going to be in a very different world, we're going to have to let folks get back on their feet.
And I think given, again, the quality of -- on average of our brands and the upkeep of the brands and the
individual hotels going into this, I think we can do that without it being harmful.

Operator

The next question will be from Smedes Rose with Citi.

Smedes Rose
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

I wanted to just follow up on -- you talked about some of the group bookings improving sequentially, and
I know it's too early to talk about '22. But on your patterns that you're seeing, is there anything just from
a geographic perspective in the U.S. that's showing up so far in terms of maybe shifting away from higher-
cost cities that had already been underperforming from a RevPAR perspective? Do you think that link into
lower cost? Or...

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

Yes. The geography is exactly what I think you're implying in the question and what you would think. And
right now, it is less in the primary markets and more in the secondary and tertiary, just because of what's
been going on in a lot of the big cities and the greater density of population. And reality is, as I said, a lot
of the uptick that we're seeing into the second half of the year is SMERF business. And the nature of that
business lends itself more to those geographies.

I fully expect, as I said, when we sort of get a bit of the all clear and people start to think about group
in a very different way, and I hope that's in the second half of the year, you'll start to see those patterns
normalize. But given that it is more in the SMERF segment, if by definition, ends up being more --
disproportionately outside of the big urban centers as compared to normal demand patterns at the
moment.

Smedes Rose
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Okay. And then just a very quick follow-up. I'm sorry if I missed this, but what was the impairment charge
that you took in the quarter that was an add-back? I just wanted to know what that was related to.

Kevin J. Jacobs
CFO & President, Global Development

Yes, mostly in -- almost entirely in the ownership segment means we -- this was announced in the
pre-announcement for the bond deal as well on what we thought it was going to be. But it was mostly
goodwill related to the ownership segment that's just having to do with the duration of the crisis and the
recoverability of those assets and obviously on cash.

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference
back over to Chris Nassetta for any closing remarks.

Christopher J. Nassetta
President, CEO & Director

Again, thank you guys for joining us today. 2020 will go in the record books, for sure, not the greatest
year for our company in our 101-year history or the industry certainly. But as I said in my prepared

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 17, 2021

comments, we are proud of what we were able to accomplish. We think the business is in a terrific
position.

We are certainly of the mind and hopeful, as I've described in many ways, that as we get to spring/
summer, and certainly in the second half of the year, we're going to be in a very different place, and we'll
look forward after the first quarter, which will get us to the early spring to hopefully be able to comment
on those positive trends. Thanks again, and everybody stay well.

Operator
The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 17, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

