Hologic, Inc. NasdaqGS:HOLX
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, January 27, 2021 9:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.14

2.86

Revenue  (mm)

1385.30

1609.80

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-08-2021 5:31 PM GMT

33.64

16.21

1.99

6.98

4.72

1346.18

5072.85

4195.59

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.57

0.38

1.19

2.14

0.57

0.75

2.07

2.86

0.00 %

97.37 %

73.95 %

33.64 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
HOLOGIC, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Karleen M. Oberton
Chief Financial Officer

Michael J. Watts
Vice President of Investor
Relations & Corporate
Communications

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

ANALYSTS

Chris Lin
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Daniel Markowitz
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Daniel Louis Leonard
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Jack Meehan
Nephron Research LLC

Patrick Bernard Donnelly
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Zachary Ross Weiner
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon, and welcome to Hologic's First Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Conference Call. My name
is Eduardo, and I am your operator for today's call. Today's conference call is being recorded. [Operator
Instructions]

I'd now like to introduce Mike Watts, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications,
to begin the call.

Michael J. Watts
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

Thank you, Eduardo. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us for Hologic's First Quarter Fiscal 2021
Earnings Call. With me today are Steve MacMillan, the company's Chairman, President and CEO; and
Karleen Oberton, our Chief Financial Officer. Steve and Karleen both have some prepared remarks, then
we'll have a question-and-answer session today.

Our first quarter press release is available now on the Investors section of our website. We also will post
our prepared remarks to our website shortly after we deliver them. Finally, a replay of this call will be
archived through February 26.

Before we begin, I'd like to inform you that certain statements we make during this call will be forward-
looking. These statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual
results to differ materially from those expressed or implied. Such factors include those referenced in the
safe harbor statement that's included in our earnings release and in our filings with the SEC.

Also during this call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to GAAP
can be found in our earnings release. One of these non-GAAP measures is organic revenue, and we define
organic revenue as constant currency revenue, excluding the divested Blood Screening and Cynosure
businesses as well as the acquired Acessa business. Finally, any percentage changes we discuss will be on
a year-over-year basis, and revenue growth rates will be expressed in constant currency, unless otherwise
noted.

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Steve MacMillan, Hologic's CEO.

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Thank you, Mike, and good afternoon, everyone.

We're pleased to discuss our financial results for the first quarter of fiscal 2021. We are off to a very
strong start to the year across all our businesses and major geographies. Once again, our Diagnostics
division delivered incredible performance by making a massive impact against COVID-19. And our Breast
Health and Surgical businesses continue to strengthen, with each returning to growth in the United States,
Europe and Asia Pacific. So our performance was strong and broad-based across both divisions and
geographies. As a result, our financial results were exceptional in the first quarter. Let's provide a quick
overview.

Total revenue was $1.61 billion, with non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.86. Organic revenue more than
doubled, up 104%, while EPS increased more than fourfold as higher production volumes in Diagnostics
enabled us to leverage our fixed cost base. Both revenue and EPS came in well ahead of our expectations
at the beginning of the quarter.

With that introduction, I'd like to cover 3 main topics in my remarks today, which will echo some of the
themes from our presentation at the JPMorgan conference earlier this month. First, how our purpose-
driven culture is contributing to, and we believe driving, our excellent financial results. Second, how we're

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

making a huge difference in the fight against COVID-19. And third, why we'll be a stronger company on
the other side of the pandemic.

To begin, many of you will recall that Larry Fink, the CEO of BlackRock, wrote in early 2018 that
companies, both public and private, should serve a social purpose. Three years later, we would argue that
Hologic is the epitome of such a company. We are an incredibly purpose-driven, highly engaged team that
is waking up every day wanting to make a positive difference in the world. And we believe this culture is
contributing to differentiated financial performance, both in terms of our COVID response and the faster
than expected return to growth in our Breast Health and Surgical divisions. Our employees understand
that the bigger our collective impact on the world, the more they and our shareholders benefit.

What makes us tick is our strong purpose of enabling healthier lives everywhere, every day. Within this,
we have a special passion, to champion women's health. But we don't just help women. If, for example,
you're one of the tens of millions of people who have had a Hologic COVID test in the last year, you can
rest assured that you're getting a high-quality, highly accurate result. That's the promise we make to our
customers, which we call The Science of Sure.

Our purpose, passion and promise have shown up in countless ways since the pandemic began. Some
are visible externally, like extraordinarily rapid EUAs or massive increases in production capacity. But
many are behind the scenes, from how we rewarded our frontline employees for their heroic efforts during
the pandemic, to how our Board and management team found safe ways to meet in person, to how we
always try to under-promise and over-deliver on the COVID test commitments we made to customers and
governments around the world.

We talk about many of these topics in our second annual sustainability report, titled the Power of Purpose,
which we just published on our website last week. I'd encourage all our investors, but especially those
interested in ESG issues, to take a look.

Now let us give you an update on our COVID testing efforts. As you can probably tell from our financial
results, we continue to make good progress on our plans to expand manufacturing capacity for our 2
COVID assays out of our plants in San Diego and Manchester, U.K. Total output increased sequentially
compared to the September quarter, which enabled us to provide about 30 million COVID assays to
customers, generating revenue of about $745 million. As we have said, we are now selling more COVID
tests each quarter than we had ever produced of all of our molecular tests before the pandemic. And we
are on track to meet our goal to produce at least 75 million total molecular diagnostic tests a quarter
globally by January of 2022. This would represent more than 3.5x our total capacity pre-COVID, a
tremendous accomplishment thanks to our employees, our suppliers and the U.S. government, which is
providing financial support.

In the first quarter, about 1/3 of our COVID test revenue came outside the United States, mainly
from Europe. COVID testing continues to strengthen our international business, our relationships with
customers, our future prospects in Diagnostics and even market access for our other franchises. These
COVID sales contributed to total international revenue of $472 million in the quarter, which represented
tremendous growth of 145% on an organic basis.

At the same time, we are also encouraged that demand for new Panther instruments remains very strong.
You might recall that last fiscal year, we placed more than 500 new Panther systems worldwide, more than
double our usual run rate. And we are off to an excellent start in fiscal '21 with another 150 shipments
in the first quarter alone. We still have a long waiting list for instruments, which we believe reflects the
longevity of COVID testing that our customers anticipate. Overall, our global installed base now stands
at roughly 2,400 instruments, giving us a robust platform for future growth as more customers come to
appreciate our system's best-in-class capabilities.

Now let us shift gears to our third major topic, why we believe our business will be much stronger on
the other side of the pandemic. First, it's never been more clear to us that demand for highly accurate
molecular COVID testing will remain robust for a while. We may have become a little numb to infection
rates that remain staggeringly high in the United States and globally. But as a reminder, the almost 2

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

million molecular tests that are being performed daily in the United States today would annualize to a
market that's about 17x bigger than the single largest molecular market before COVID.

So while demand will inevitably decline as vaccines roll out, nucleic acid testing is likely to have a long,
meaningful tail that extends into fiscal '22 and beyond, with COVID likely remaining our biggest molecular
product for years to come. As we have seen, it will take time to manufacture and administer vaccines
broadly, and many people will choose not to be vaccinated. The societal need for and focus on COVID
testing far exceeds anything we have ever seen before. And the pandemic's emotional toll will last much
longer, driving future demand.

As public concern around COVID persists, the combination of our huge Panther installed base at facilities
close to the patient and our gold standard assay performance have us uniquely positioned to pursue
many use cases that will be around for the long term. These include testing before hospital admissions,
asymptomatic screening for various purposes and even confirmatory testing of other less accurate
modalities. Studies have shown that these other tests can miss 2/3 of asymptomatic cases, and these
false negative results can contribute to super-spreader events. Even as the market matures and our
production capacity increases, we believe our combination of robust chemistry, innovative engineering on
Panther and differentiated labeling from FDA will help us gain market share.

Moving on, the second reason Hologic will be stronger in the future is the significant non-COVID business
we are gaining on our rapidly growing installed base of Panther instruments. I don't think it's an
exaggeration to say that in the United States, Europe and Asia, every single Panther that our commercial
teams have placed has been with an eye toward the future. They are doing a fantastic job of extending
and broadening commercial contracts, winning key strategic accounts and fueling our razor/razor blade
business model.

As an indicator of this, last quarter, we discussed tests of record, or TORs, which represent contracted
year 1 revenue from new assay customers. We said that we had achieved a new record in TORs in fiscal
2020 with non-COVID business totaling $35 million in the United States, about 50% more than we had
ever done before. This positive trend has actually accelerated in early 2021, with more than $20 million of
additional TORs in the first quarter alone.

That's one reason that momentum in our molecular business, which was already good before COVID, is
improving further today, especially in Europe. For example, when we remove COVID assay sales from our
molecular number as well as instruments and ancillaries, core assay sales grew roughly 10% globally in
the first quarter, more than double the rate a quarter ago.

The third reason we believe we will be stronger post-COVID is that thanks to the tremendous success of
our Diagnostics business, we have been able to use the last several quarters to further bolster our Breast
and Surgical franchises for the future. In Breast, we have continued to expand on our strategy to diversify
the business across the patient continuum of care. Rather than just placing capital equipment, we are
now selling a full portfolio of hardware and software upgrades, interventional tools and service. While the
world has been understandably focused on COVID, we have increased our direct presence with Breast
Health customers and developed and launched products such as Brevera, which is off to a very good start
in its relaunch. And most recently, we acquired for $64 million the German company Somatex, a long-time
partner of ours, to strengthen our portfolio of breast cancer markers, enhance our commercial presence in
Europe and improve our profitability.

In Surgical, both our R&D and business development pipelines have been productive, broadening the
portfolio of products that we sell through a high performing, highly engaged sales force. New products
such as our Fluent fluid management system and new hysteroscopes are complementing our market-
leading MyoSure and NovaSure devices, and helped that division return to growth in the first quarter, well
ahead of schedule.

On the business development front, in August, we spent approximately $80 million, plus future contingent
earnouts, to buy Acessa Health. Acessa's ProVu is a laparoscopic RF product that is used to treat fibroids
that MyoSure can't reach, so it's very complementary to our Surgical business and a nice fit for our sales
force. And so far, early feedback from our customers has been good.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

The acquisitions of Acessa and Somatex demonstrate the final reason we will be stronger after the
pandemic, the ability to use the healthy cash flow that COVID tests are generating to step up our business
development activities. The pending $230 million acquisition of Biotheranostics, which we announced
earlier this month, is another good example of this strategy. Biotheranostics, a leader in molecular tests
for breast and metastatic cancers, enables us to expand into the adjacent growth market of oncology.
More specifically, Biotheranostics has done a great job of developing a strong clinical and reimbursement
foundation for their flagship Breast Cancer Index test, which plays an important role in a large but
underpenetrated breast cancer market that we know a lot about. In addition, Biotheranostics provides
us clinical lab capabilities that we can use to develop markets for novel content down the road. From a
financial perspective, Biotheranostics brings more than $30 million of annual revenue, growth rates in
excess of 20% and strong gross margins.

We're excited that since we announced the deal, Biotheranostics has received some very good news that
will benefit women with early-stage hormone receptor positive breast cancer. The National Comprehensive
Cancer Network, or NCCN, included the Breast Cancer Index test in its guidelines to predict the benefit of
extended treatment with various endocrine therapies. This should help establish the test as the standard
of care for this important clinical question and contribute to increased patient access.

Before turning the call over to Karleen, let me conclude by saying that we are off to an excellent start in
fiscal 2021. Our purpose-driven culture is driving excellent execution and performance, both in terms of
our COVID tests and the recovery of our other businesses. And we are working hard to ensure that the
financial success we are experiencing now will translate into a stronger company down the road. We are
confident it will.

Now we'll turn the call over to Karleen.

Karleen M. Oberton
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Steve, and good afternoon, everyone. In my remarks today, I'm going to provide an overview
of our divisional sales results, walk through our income statement, briefly touch on a few other key
financial metrics and finish with our guidance for the second quarter fiscal '21.

As Steve said, we are very pleased with our first quarter results as revenue and EPS significantly exceeded
our guidance. Reported revenue of $1.61 billion increased 87%. Organically, revenue grew 104%, driven
by strong COVID sales and the continued improvement of our base business across all major geographies.
Given the incredible demand for our COVID test and the strong results in our base business, we were
able to significantly improve profit, margins and cash flow. As a result, EPS of $2.86 in the first quarter
increased 369%, well ahead of our expectations. Further, operating cash flow has continued to be
extremely strong, which I'll discuss in a minute.

Before I do that, let me provide some detail on our divisional revenue results. In Diagnostics, our largest
division, global revenue of $1.128 billion grew 256% in the first quarter, driven by molecular, where sales
increased 449%. In response to the unprecedented demand for COVID testing, we shipped about 30
million COVID tests to customers, generating revenue of $745 million globally. And excluding COVID, our
base molecular business accelerated sequentially as customers continue to see the benefit of our assay
menu and the strength of Panther's high throughput automation. Rounding out Diagnostics, the cytology
and perinatal businesses grew by 1% in the quarter, driven in part by a catch-up in cytology procedures at
calendar year-end.

In Breast Health, global revenue of $332.7 million was down slightly overall. However, performance
improved compared to the fourth quarter and the business returned to slight growth in all geographies
except for Latin America. The division's performance was driven by the interventional businesses, which
grew 15% in the quarter and was helped by the relaunch of our Brevera biopsy system.

Although we are encouraged by sequential improvement in the capital environment and by healthy
equipment sales at calendar year-end, overall spending remains challenged because of COVID. However,
our intentional diversification to service and consumables as well as several recent acquisitions have

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

helped mitigate pressure on capital. As an example, Breast Health service revenue, which is larger than
capital sales, grew by mid-single digits in the quarter.

In Surgical, sales of $124 million grew 3.3%, a great result given headwinds on elective procedures
from recently increasing COVID cases in some parts of the country. This result shows the strength and
commitment of our surgical sales force as well as the benefit of several new products.

Overall, in terms of geography, domestic sales of $1.14 billion increased 80% on a reported basis. On
an organic basis, U.S. revenue was up 91%. Outside the United States, sales of $472 million increased
106% in constant currency. Organically, sales outside the U.S. grew 145%, a stellar result that reflects our
growing international strength.

Now let's move on to the rest of the P&L for the first quarter. Gross margins of 77.2% increased 1,560
basis points, driven by sales of high-margin COVID tests and the divestiture of the low-margin Cynosure
business.

Total operating expenses of $274.5 million decreased 5.1% in the first quarter. However, expenses actually
increased when normalized for the Cynosure sale and about $6.5 million of credits from BARDA associated
with the development of our COVID assays. These increases were driven by investments in R&D and
marketing for future growth. In addition, expenses associated with our deferred compensation plan
increased as a result of equity market gains. As a reminder, while this liability is marked to market, most
of the expense is offset by a benefit we realized in other income in the quarter.

In addition, our non-GAAP tax rate in the quarter was 21.75%, slightly lower than previously forecasted
driven by a favorable geographic mix of income, primarily from sales of COVID-19 assays outside the
United States. Putting all this together, operating margins increased 3,270 basis points to 60.2%, and
net margins increased 2,730 basis points to 46.6%. As a result, non-GAAP net income finished at $749.6
million and non-GAAP earnings per share were $2.86, well ahead of expectations.

Before we cover our 2021 second quarter guidance, I'll quickly touch on a few other financial metrics.
Driven by demand for our COVID tests, cash flow from operations was $650 million in the first quarter, a
very strong result. In fact, this was about the same as our total cash flow from operations for all of fiscal
2019. Looked at another way, in just the last 2 quarters, we have generated about $1.1 billion in operating
cash flow, which gives us tremendous financial and strategic flexibility. For example, we repurchased
nearly 1.5 million shares of stock for $101 million in the first quarter. And our Board recently approved a
new $1 billion authorization, highlighting our commitment to capital deployment. And we were also able to
strengthen our balance sheet by repaying our outstanding revolver balance of $250 million. As a reminder,
we had borrowed against the revolver as a precautionary measure very early in the pandemic.

Overall, we had $869 million of cash at the end of the first quarter. And with more than $1 billion of
EBITDA for the quarter, our leverage ratio fell to 0.8x. While we remain comfortable with leverage ratio
between 2 and 3 over the longer term, we also have no problem with a lower ratio in the short term. As
you know, we are actively pursuing a number of division-led tuck-in acquisitions and hope to use our
cash to complete more deals this year, in addition to buying back our stock. Finally, ROIC was 26.7% on a
trailing 12-month basis, a significant increase of 1,440 basis points.

Before we open the call for questions, let me discuss our expectations for the second quarter of fiscal '21.
We anticipate that fiscal '21 will be an excellent year for Hologic overall. But our business environment
remains fluid due to the ongoing effects of the pandemic. Therefore, we are only providing a single quarter
of guidance today. Let me also point out that our guidance does not include the impact of the pending
Biotheranostics acquisition, which has not yet closed.

In the second quarter of fiscal '21, we expect excellent financial results again, with total revenue in the
range of $1.5 billion to $1.56 billion. This represents an approximate doubling of organic revenue growth
to roughly 96% to 104%. Underlying this, we expect similar sales of our COVID tests to drive exceptional
Diagnostics growth. As a reminder, most of our new molecular production capacity is expected to come
online in the second half of our fiscal year. Blood Screening revenue, which we back out of our organic
calculations, is expected to be about $10 million in the quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

In our other businesses, let me remind you that our March quarter sales are typically down sequentially
compared to the December period for our Breast, Surgical and base Diagnostics businesses as capital
sales and semi-elective procedures tend to be seasonally stronger at the end of the calendar year. In
addition, our guidance incorporates headwinds related to customer spending constraints and restrictions
on procedure volumes given rising COVID cases. While our customers are much better prepared than they
were last spring to manage through local increases in COVID prevalence, we have seen a recent slowdown
in some elective surgeries.

On the bottom line, we expect EPS of $2.56 to $2.68 in the second quarter, with extraordinary growth
rates that significantly outpace revenue even as we increase investments for future growth. To put this in
perspective, we expect to earn more in the second quarter alone than we did in the full year of 2019. The
second quarter guidance is based on a tax rate of 21.75% and diluted shares outstanding of 262 million
to 263 million for the quarter. I'd also like to point out that we expect other expenses, net, to increase to
close to $25 million in the second quarter as we don't forecast gains or losses related to certain hedging
activities like we saw in the first quarter.

As you update your forecast, let me remind you that macro uncertainty has increased in recent weeks
due to the pandemic. While our visibility has improved compared to several months ago, we would still
encourage you to model at the middle of our ranges, which incorporates both potential upsides and
downsides.

Before we open the call for questions, let me wrap up by saying that Hologic's financial performance in
the first quarter was terrific. We continue to make a huge impact fighting the COVID-19 pandemic and on
women's health globally. Further, I am confident that we have positioned ourselves to deliver exceptional
long-term performance.
With that, I will ask the operator to open the call for questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator, we are
ready for the first question.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll now take our first question from Dan Leonard at Wells Fargo.

Daniel Louis Leonard
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

So first question, you made a comment that your success with COVID testing outside of the U.S. has
actually helped to strengthen your other franchises. Could you elaborate a bit on that?

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes, Dan, thank you. First off, it's funny how things go in full circle. As you know, over the last few years,
we've acquired a number of our dealers in Europe on the Breast Health side, and that gave us much more
of a direct presence in a lot of the key countries, the U.K., Germany, Spain, Portugal, just to name a few.
And it's really helped us strengthen our whole team in Europe. So we've been building relationships at a
higher level.

As COVID has hit, it's given us incredible access to a lot of the major governments. We've got contracts
with just about every major government in Europe. And in so doing, we're now on their radar screen that
they really, a lot of them didn't know about the Diagnostics business and how much of a leader we are in
the sexually transmitted infections and other stuff. So we've been able, as we've been selling in COVID
and giving them Panthers, to really be booking new business that will come online as the Panthers go
down and really just being able to talk more about our cytology business, our HPV business and really just
a different level of relationship that we think is going to strengthen us significantly down the road.

Daniel Louis Leonard
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then a bit of an unrelated follow-up. How would you characterize the M&A
environment right now? I mean, during pandemic, in diagnostics specifically, is it feasible to do something
in your core infectious disease testing space or do you think this is an environment where you really got to
wait for the pandemic to subside before those types of assets become available?

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Great question, Dan. I think we'd probably put it in a couple of different perspectives. First and foremost,
I would say is, while we're obviously generating a ton of cash right now, we also have the luxury of being
in an enormous position of strength in that our base businesses are performing. And I think the best
way that you can be very disciplined on deals is when it's easy to walk away from anything because you
don't need anything and you feel good about your underlying business. So then if we look at the market
specifically, it's been fascinating to watch over the last 8 months, right?

First, everybody hunkered down back in March, April and May, including ourselves. We had pushed
things like the Acessa deal, we had even pushed out a few months. And we'd had a relationship with
Biotheranostics and kind of just wanted to see where our own cash flow was at that point in time. So
now, obviously, there's a lot of companies that are fairly flush with cash. There's also a fairly healthy IPO
market right now. So there's a bit of froth out there, I think, and we want to be disciplined.

So I would tell you, as excited as the deals we've done, I'm probably more proud of some deals we've
gone pretty deep on over the last 3, 4 months that we walked away from, really over valuation or other
issues in diligence. And that's, I think, the maturing of our team here and the fundamental strength. So I
think we're in a position where if we can get the right assets at the right price with good ROICs, hey, that's
great. And if we need to wait some things out or even miss some things, we're not going to get caught

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

into bidding wars and overpay. So I do think it's a pretty vibrant market right now. We've had every
banker beating our door down trying to sell us things, as you can imagine, but staying very disciplined.

Operator

We'll now take our next question from Patrick Donnelly at Citi.

Patrick Bernard Donnelly
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Great. Steve, maybe one for you. Just on the COVID testing side, I'm sure you get this a lot, obviously.
But just on the durability side, as we think out to the back half, obviously, the vaccine is rolling out, a
little choppy here, but it's going out. As you think about the back half and the pie possibly beginning to
naturally shrink there, all tests aren't created equal. So I guess, where do you see Hologic kind of landing
in terms of when that pie starts shrinking? Do you get a bigger piece? How does that play out? And again,
certainly, your capacity is expanding, what's the view of that split between COVID and non-COVID as we
get through this year?

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure, Patrick. You're hitting on clearly one of the biggest questions. I believe very strongly that we will
continue to improve our market share, right? In the beginning, this was kind of the wild, wild west. The
FDA granted a gazillion EUAs. Everybody raced out to the market. At the end of the day, we have some
very powerful and enduring assets that we believe will put us in a really good place over the long run.

It starts, frankly, with Panther and the installed base. We know there's a ton of hospitals that at a bare
minimum are going to want to continue to test everybody that comes in their doors for procedures.
They have them on-site. They'll be doing that. As we seek to get more people back to work and back to
school, there is going to be a need for high-level testing that's asymptomatic. And I think, again, what's
been happening in the short term, because there wasn't enough molecular tests in the beginning and
the long turnaround times, there's a big emphasis on a lot of the rapid tests, particularly some of the
antigen stuff, and they're going to have a place. But at the end of the day, they're not indicated, most of
them, for asymptomatic screening. And we keep learning more and more by the day how much of this is
asymptomatically being passed along.

And when you look at a lot of these super-spreader events, they are, quite frankly, being caused by using
the wrong tests off-label to try to determine whether people have something. And I think over time, what
we always say to our team is, the cream rises to the top. So you have Panther, and it's where it's located.
You have an assay that's got incredible sensitivity, specificity and one of the best labels. We also have the
pooling indication. And once you get back into screening, call it, next fall, right, think about simple things.
We want to get everybody back to school in the fall. The vaccines still aren't indicated for people under 16.
So as we keep talking about vaccinating the country, children are going to be excluded from that. We're
going to want to be doing asymptomatic screening. And a lot of the antigen tests that people may say are
great right now, they're not going to be as effective at picking up particularly asymptomatic indications. So
we have that.

And then you just have the pure workflow advantage that should never be forgotten. And that is the
workflow of Panther, the random access, automation, ability to just make this as easy. The lab techs
around the world have been running a marathon at sprint speed. They're exhausted. You can't walk into
any lab and not hear from the lab director that their techs are just tired. And they would much rather be
able to be using Panther. And one of the fundamental realities is, we've been shipping so much but not all
of it has been with our full pen caps, and that's part of the capacity we've been building up. And as we're
able to provide more and more of our pen caps, it creates the full automation benefit that not everybody
has even been fully getting yet.

So we have no idea truly exactly how this is going to play out. But all the discussions we've been having
with the Biden transition team has been continued about, hey, are you still building up more capacity? And

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

we certainly are. We'll see how it all plays out. But I think like every market we compete in, we think we're
going to be there standing.

Patrick Bernard Donnelly
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

That's really helpful perspective, appreciate that. And then maybe just one, I think Karleen mentioned
it there at the end. You've seen a little bit of a recent slowdown in some elective surgeries, elective
procedures, customers seeing rising COVID cases being a bit of a headwind. Can you just expand a little
bit on kind of what you're seeing this quarter sequentially versus last quarter in terms of that slowdown
and kind of where it's hit you guys and what the impact could be? Just want to make sure we have a good
handle on that.

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Overall, I would say it's really on the margin. We, frankly, I think we finished last quarter better than
most. The fact that Surgical and Breast Health both ended up growing, which we wouldn't have expected.
Whether they grow or stay flattish, we're probably talking little pieces here. We're seeing little pockets,
right, in certain geographies. Suddenly, we'll have a couple of slower days in the Surgical business or in
the Breast Health consumable business. So I'd call it, it's little temporary outages. But fundamentally, it's
going to be tiny for us given that we've got the COVID offset. And I think we just continue to focus on
share, and it'll take care of itself here over time. But maybe slightly more muted this quarter on a couple
of those businesses but still overall good.

Operator

We'll now take our next question from Chris Lin at Cowen.

Chris Lin
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Also welcome back to the earnings call, Karleen.

Karleen M. Oberton
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you.

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Good job, Chris, remembering. All right.

Chris Lin
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Steve, in past quarters, you provided an estimate on what percentage of Panther placements are expected
to replace Tigris and also what percentage of Panther placements displaced a competitor or enabled a new
customer to begin testing. Do you have an update on those figures for us? Also, I know you used the test
of record metric to track assay adoption, but do you have an estimate on what percentage of Panthers
placed over the past year are now also running non-COVID-19 tests?

Michael J. Watts
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

Chris, it's Mike. Let me take a crack at that. I think on your first point, what we said a few quarters ago
is in the early days we placed a significant portion of our Panthers into some of our largest customers
where they were going to replace Tigrises over time and provide access to a broader menu. There's 4
tests approved on Tigris, I think now 18 on Panther if you include the 2 COVID tests. We haven't given an
update on that since then. So I don't have an update or a specific number for you today. I would tell you

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

that, by and large, we are focusing on our existing customers, obviously, and broadening out relationships
with those customers.

If you think about where our Panthers sit overall, most of them sit in hospital labs. And I think this gets
back to one of the comments that Steve was making earlier about how getting testing closer to the patient
is going to help us from a share perspective going forward for pre-op procedures, things like that. And
then the second part of your question, Chris, on TORs was what percentage?

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Of new Panthers.

Michael J. Watts
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

Yes. I don't know that number either. But I think as Steve said in his prepared remarks, that's what the
sales force is focused on, right? And we've talked a bit in the past about how we're extra incentivizing our
sales force to bring in new non-COVID business, and they've done a great job of that. So I think, as Steve
said in the prepared remarks, I mean, basically, every Panther that we place is being placed with an eye
toward the future. And that run rate of TORs, I mean, we did $35 million last year. We talked about this.
That was 50% more than we've ever done before, pretty excited about that. And now in the first quarter,
we do another $20 million. So don't know that, that will continue at that pace, but certainly had a good
run rate here out of the chute.

Chris Lin
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Okay. Great. Then for my follow-up, I just want to go back to the topic of decentralization. One of
your largest peers in higher throughput COVID-19 diagnostics recently announced the acquisition of
a molecular point-of-care platform. And beyond that acquisition, I think this pandemic has also just
highlighted the need for rapid but accurate diagnostic tools. Now given that Panther is in a unique position
as a leading mid to high throughput molecular diagnostics platform, do you want to extend that leadership
to a lower volume setting? Really, do you have any updated thoughts on that market opportunity?

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. We continue to look at different areas and different technologies, Chris. I mean, I'll tell you, we've
been inundated. We probably get 5 or 10 per day, little companies, different technologies coming our way.
We're certainly looking at some. We're probably generally a little more focused in the labs in our existing
customers. We're always looking on the fringe, are there ways to extend out from there. So we'll continue
to look at everything and stay disciplined on where we can get a good return and where we can bring
value to the market.

Operator

We'll now take our next question from Tycho Peterson at JPMorgan.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Steve, I'm going to stick with the durability theme. I'm just curious, over the last few weeks, obviously,
new strains have emerged, and then you've got the new administration making a big push here. So a
couple of quick hits, if you will. Will you run a test for the new variants? And then as we think about mix, I
think up until now, you've basically been doing mostly stand-alone COVID. How do you think about combo
assays mix shifting over the course of the year? And then how do you think about the sustainability of the
current pricing trends and reimbursement as it stands today?

Stephen P. MacMillan

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Tycho, thanks. I think in terms of the new variants, right now, we feel very good that the way we've
designed our test, we basically designed ours with 2 targets to ensure there's a backup target in case the
virus mutates. So we continue to watch that, but feel very good. This is part of the many advantages of
having an incredibly sensitive and specific test to begin with that targets the genomic regions that are less
likely to mutate. So I think we feel very good about our ability to continue to catch those very well. And
the second part of that was what again?

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Syndromic versus stand-alone.

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

The multiplex. Yes. I'm sorry, yes, the multiplex. We figure, come the fall -- for this winter, as we all know,
there's basically been no flu season. Demand for our product has virtually been entirely our single COVID
test. I think come next fall, having a syndromic multiple option is probably going to make more sense.
And you would expect that we'll typically be there.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And pricing and reimbursement?

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

I think at least in the short term, we're probably still reasonable. I think over the long run, we've got
to assume both of those will eventually come down. But I think at this point, particularly with the Biden
administration extending the public health emergency through the end of 2021, we don't see any real
near-term pressure on reimbursement. I'm sure, again, that will probably start to evolve as we go
forward. And it may evolve at different paces with different governments around the world as well. But
so there ultimately will be some downward pressure, certainly, probably on pricing, but feel pretty good
about where we are right now.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And then one on capital deployment before I hop off. You're putting up great numbers. Your stock is still
trading around 10x EBITDA. So how are you thinking about buybacks? Would you consider an ASR?

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

We certainly did an ASR in conjunction with the Cynosure divestiture. In general, not a huge fan of those,
short of an event. I think we've been pretty good buyers of our stock. When you look back over the last
really 5 fiscal years, I think we've bought back over 30 million shares and been fairly consistent last year
even more so. I think it continues to be an important part of our strategy, but probably more executed
along the way, both offsetting dilution as well as, frankly, we've been reducing our share count really now
for a number of years.

Operator

We'll now take our next question from Raj Denhoy at Jefferies.

Zachary Ross Weiner
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

This is Zach on for Raj, just a few from us. You started the year by announcing 2 acquisitions and $1
billion buyback. Can you give any more detail on the potential timing of that share repurchase program?
Should we expect it to start to come in post-COVID? And then also, can you give any more color on
potential deal size and/or timing of future deals?

Karleen M. Oberton
Chief Financial Officer

This is Karleen. So let me just make a couple of comments in regards to capital allocation. Certainly, we're
focused on deploying our free cash flow, which has grown tremendously over the last several quarters.
Our priority is going to be the tuck-in M&A, growth-accretive assets. And I think to build on the comments
that Steve made, share repurchase is going to be part of that strategy. But I would say the $1 billion
authorization is over a 5-year period. So we would expect to utilize that on some regular cadence over
that period of time.

Operator

We'll now take our next question from Jack Meehan at Nephron Research.

Jack Meehan
Nephron Research LLC

Wanted to talk about the core business. So as you reflected on the quarter, how much do you think pent-
up demand contributed across the 3 segments? I know you talked about some catch-up in cytology, but do
you think there might have been some flush from hospitals in Breast Health or in GYN Surgical procedures
coming back?

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

We think there was probably some catch up. Again, is it a few percentage points? It's hard to completely
quantify, Jack, in terms of both cytology as well as surgical. And plus you have the year-end, people try to
get them in, who have exceeded their caps for the year. So you tend to have a pretty good time at year-
end.

In terms of capital, a little hard to know. We saw a little bit of strength in pockets, certainly. Again, I
think the way we're thinking about it overall is, there's still going to be some little puts and takes here as
the markets settle back down in the coming quarters. Are we continuing to take market share? Are we
continuing to get stronger? And none of it, frankly, is going to make a huge difference. Do we grow 100%
next quarter or 95%? We're talking on the base businesses what would be minor percentages in terms of
the total.

Karleen M. Oberton
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. The only thing I would add, Jack, is that on the Brevera relaunch, there was definitely some pent-up
demand for capital for that relaunch. And I think that really bodes well for that product moving forward.
And we think that will be a nice contributor to the Breast Health division.

Jack Meehan
Nephron Research LLC

Great. And then was hoping maybe you'd give a little bit of color around expectations for new product
launches throughout 2021. What do you have in the pipeline? Should we think kind of more incremental
launches? And how does the environment make you think about maybe doing larger moves in any of the
businesses coming out of the R&D portfolio?

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Yes. I think in terms of the first question, I think we've got consistently a lot of singles coming in new
product development. Frankly, we've hit a grand slam in Diagnostics and put all of our energy. It's hard for
people to fully understand how much R&D and manufacturing and quality assurance resources went into
getting all of both the assays out for COVID as well as the additional label indications, things like pooling,
and they involve a lot of software. So we're continuing even just on pathways to continue to strengthen
there.

In Breast Health, we've got a number of things coming out using AI. We've got follow-ups from the SSI
acquisition on ultrasound. Brevera is really in the process of rolling out. So we've got a lot of additional
software and smaller things there. Then we've got, obviously, Acessa, the ProVu product rolling in within
the Surgical business. So I think we feel very good about the cadence of those things rolling out.

And then on the M&A front, I probably go back to the comment I made in probably answering the first
question or so, which is, to me, the best way to be disciplined in M&A is to have a great core business.
And all of our businesses right now are good. We've also got just really good teams, able to do some
great due diligence. We've really walked away from a number of things, actually, even over the last few
months, and we continue to work others. So I think we're able to look a little bit bigger, certainly, given
the cash, but we don't necessarily have big eyes or big needs. And I think, if anything, we're probably
likely to be building a little bit more of a cash position here in the nearer term. As Karleen mentioned,
we've generated $1.1 billion of cash just in the last 2 quarters. We certainly aren't spending at that rate.
And that's okay for right now. We'll be patient and disciplined.

Operator

We'll now take our last question from Vijay Kumar at Evercore ISI.

Daniel Markowitz
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

This is Daniel on for Vijay. Your comment on the 150 Panther placements in the quarter with a strong
order book. I'm just wondering on capacity for Panther production. Or in other words, how I should think
about the unwind on that order book.

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure. We're continuing to produce Panthers at a similar rate right now to what we just placed given that
we still have very strong demand. I think probably later into calendar year '21, does that start to back
down a little bit? Probably given the extreme ramp up, but we're continuing to produce at a similar rate
right now.

Operator
Thank you. That is all the time we have for questions today. This now concludes Hologic's First Quarter
Fiscal 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Have a good evening.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 27, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

