Hologic, Inc. NasdaqGS:HOLX
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, July 28, 2021 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.12

1.33

Revenue  (mm)

1038.53

1168.30

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-20-2021 10:39 AM GMT

18.75

12.50

1.12

7.70

4.00

1033.52

5209.03

4017.00

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.19

2.14

2.62

1.12

2.07

2.86

2.59

1.33

73.95 %

33.64 %

(1.14 %)

18.75 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
HOLOGIC, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Karleen M. Oberton
Chief Financial Officer

Michael J. Watts
Vice President of Investor
Relations & Corporate
Communications

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

ANALYSTS

Anthony Charles Petrone
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Dustin G. Scaringe
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Jack Meehan
Nephron Research LLC

Juan Esteban Avendano
BofA Securities, Research Division

Max Masucci
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Patrick Bernard Donnelly
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Ryan Benjamin Zimmerman
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

Tejas Rajeev Savant
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day and welcome to the Hologic 3Q '21 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Kathy, and I will be
your operator for today's call. Today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to introduce Mike Watts, Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate
Communications, to begin the call.

Michael J. Watts
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

Thank you, Kathy. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us for Hologic's Third Quarter Fiscal 2021
Earnings Call. With me today are Steve MacMillan, the company's Chairman, President and Chief Executive
Officer; and Karleen Oberton, our Chief Financial Officer.

Our third quarter press release is available now on the Investors section of our website. We also will post
our prepared remarks to our website shortly after we deliver them. Finally, a replay of this call will be
archived through August 27.

Before we begin, I'd like to inform you that certain statements we make today will be forward-looking.
These statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to
differ materially from those expressed or implied. Such factors include those referenced in the safe harbor
statement that's included in our earnings release and in our filings with the SEC.

Also during this call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to GAAP
can be found in our earnings release. One of these non-GAAP measures is organic revenue, which we
define as constant currency revenue excluding the divested Blood Screening business as well as year 1
revenue from acquired businesses: currently, Acessa, Biotheranostics, Diagenode and Mobidiag. Finally,
any percentage changes that we discuss today will be on a year-over-year basis, and revenue growth
rates will be in constant currency unless otherwise noted.

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Steve MacMillan, Hologic's CEO.

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Thank you, Mike, and good afternoon, everyone. We're pleased to discuss our financial performance for
the third quarter of fiscal 2021. We posted excellent results overall driven by a strong rebound in our base
businesses and continued contributions to fight the ongoing COVID pandemic. Total revenue was $1.17
billion, up 38%. And non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.33, up 77%. We significantly exceeded our
guidance on both the top and bottom lines.

Our revenue outperformance was broad-based in the quarter. Our breast and Surgical divisions both grew
substantially versus the prior year period when results were negatively affected by the pandemic. And
importantly, both businesses also grew compared to the same period of 2019. Our Diagnostics division
grew about 20% compared to last year despite lower sales of COVID tests and increased compared to
2019 as well.

Karleen will review our full financial results today, but before she does, I want to take a step back
and provide some perspective on where Hologic is headed over the longer term, as many of you have
requested. As mentioned in our last call, we have been working through our annual strategic planning
process. And based on this, I've never been more excited about our future and the global impact we are
making by pursuing our purpose, passion and promise. We know this is important to all our investors and
especially those focused on ESG priorities.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Hologic is clearly emerging from the COVID-19 pandemic as a stronger faster-growing company. We
have a much higher profile on the global stage, which has helped create a stronger and more durable
foundation to accelerate our international growth. And we have placed hundreds of new Panther
instruments, which is boosting our razor-razorblade business model.

From a financial perspective, we have generated more than $2.5 billion of operating cash in just the last 5
quarters. During this time, we have used about $1.35 billion to buy 6 companies and about $510 million to
buy back our own stock. In Diagnostics alone, we have added 2 new growth platforms in Biotheranostics
and Mobidiag and substantially increased our assay development capabilities with Diagenode.

Based on all this progress, we are now targeting organic revenue growth rates of between 5% and 7% in
our base businesses between now and 2025. This excludes sales of COVID assays and related ancillaries,
which we expect to decline over our strat plan horizon.

Now we'd like to discuss how we expect this to play out in our 3 divisions. This is more detailed than
we'd typically provide in the quarterly call, but it's important to underpin the enthusiasm we have for our
future.

First, in Diagnostics. We are diversifying our customer base, installing more Panther instruments,
continuously adding new assay menu and driving testing demand. Our foundation in diagnostics remains
rock-solid with leading U.S. market positions for our ThinPrep pap test and our key women's health assays
on the Panther instrument, namely chlamydia, gonorrhea, HPV and Trichomonas. As leaders in these
categories, we have built strong partnerships with many of our largest lab customers that enable us to
educate physicians about testing guidelines issued by groups like the CDC.

Just last week, in fact, the CDC posted new recommendations that are very positive for public health and
for our business. So while our market shares are already very high, we are driving growth by expanding
addressable markets.

In addition, we have developed related women's health tests that are often performed from the same
patient sample, such as our vaginosis panel and our test for Mycoplasma genitalium. Finally, we see
significant opportunities to increase sales of other products where our market shares are much lower
today.

Our response to the COVID pandemic has unquestionably enabled us to accelerate these growth
strategies. We have grown from a successful niche player in STI testing into a much more diversified
industry leader with a broader customer base. We have done this by dramatically increasing placements
of Panther instruments. Since the start of the pandemic, we have increased our global installed base by
more than 50% or in real numbers, by almost 1,000 Panthers. We now have about 1,500 Panthers in the
United States and more than 1,200 in other countries. And we are well diversified across customer sizes
and types.

And as COVID testing wanes, customers are beginning to use these instruments to run more non-
COVID assays. This is a significant opportunity because today, about half our customers from the largest
reference labs to smaller hospitals run 3 tests or fewer on their Panther instruments, even though we now
have 19 total assays available. We are capitalizing on this opportunity by signing up record levels of new
business, as reflected in the test of record, or TORs, metric that we have discussed.

Pre-COVID, our best year for TORs was a little more than $20 million. Last fiscal year, we set a new record
with about $35 million of new business, and we are on track to comfortably exceed that number in 2021.
Outside the United States where Hologic Diagnostics has been less well known historically, COVID has
materially elevated our profile. Since the pandemic began, about 1/3 of our COVID assay sales have been
generated internationally. And the relationships we have established will help us win business and drive
future growth.

Finally, the strong cash flow we've generated from COVID sales has enabled us to complete 3 recent
acquisitions in Diagnostics that together are expected to contribute more than $100 million of annual
revenue as well as providing new growth platforms that increase our top line growth rate.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

First, Biotheranostics enables us to enter the lab-based oncology space, a long-time area of interest that
has been growing rapidly. Biotheranostics is off to an excellent start with about $13 million of revenue in
the third quarter, more than 30% higher than their best quarter prior to the pandemic.

Second, Diagenode will help us add PCR-based menu to our Panther Fusion instrument both in Europe and
in the United States.

And third, the acquisition of Mobidiag enables us to enter the rapidly growing market for acute care near-
patient testing, which we have been monitoring for years. We believe the Novodiag instrument provides
the right combination of ease of use, rapid turnaround and low manufacturing cost to expand into smaller
hospitals and create a multi-hundred million-dollar product line over time.

Now let's shift gears and discuss our Breast & Skeletal Health division, where revenue growth is
becoming more diversified, more recurring, more global and more consistent than ever before. Similar
to Diagnostics, our strategic plan is built on a foundation of strength. We are the leaders in breast health
based on a long history of innovation, partnership with customers and focus across the continuum
of breast care. Our strategy is built around the innovative market-leading Genius 3D Mammography
platform.

Like all our key products, our Genius exams make a real difference in women's lives. They detect more
dangerous cancers while reducing unnecessary callbacks. A few years ago, many investor questions
focused on whether we could overcome the 3D cliff that was thought to be inevitable once the market
converted to 3D. We don't get that question much anymore because we have leveraged our leadership in
3D to create a much more diversified business with more consistent, steady revenue growth. In fact, in
the third quarter, U.S. gantry sales represented less than 20% of global breast health revenue.

We have accomplished this in 4 ways. First, we have expanded our service business. If we think of breast
health service as a single product, it would be the company's second largest with more than $500 million
of global revenue over the last 4 quarters. While we don't expect this to grow dramatically over our
strategic planning horizon, service will continue to underpin our financial results and be the cornerstone of
the tight relationships we have with our customers.

Second, we have beefed up our R&D capabilities beyond our traditional focus on X-ray imaging. We have
developed new software packages like Clarity HD, which provides the industry's fastest, highest-resolution
images. We have introduced new tools like Genius AI detection, a deep learning-based software that
helps radiologists detect subtle potential cancers. And we pioneered Brevera to fully integrate the biopsy
procedure with specimen radiography for the first time. Brevera alone is now generating about $40 million
of annual revenue, and we expect all these new products to drive growth over our strat plan horizon.

Third, we have acquired 4 companies since 2018 to broaden our product portfolio, expand across the
continuum of breast health care and become the partner of choice for all a customers' breast health
needs. These acquisitions include Faxitron, which bolstered our offerings in specimen radiography;
and Focal, which moved us further into breast-conserving surgery; and SuperSonic Imagine, which
strengthened our position in ultrasound; and SOMATEX, which increased innovation in breast biopsy
markers. In aggregate, these deals are now adding about $90 million annually to breast health revenue
and are important contributors to growth in our strategic plan.

And fourth, we are expanding internationally in breast health. Our focus is to continue gaining market
share with our existing 3D and upgradable 2D mammography products, the same products that have
established leadership positions in the United States. We are also bringing the new products I've discussed
both internally developed and acquired 2 additional countries. And we've purchased distributors in
Germany, Spain and other markets to get closer to customers and secure more service revenue.

Now let's turn to our GYN Surgical division. Surgical was our fastest-growing division before the pandemic,
and our strategic plan assumes that Surgical will continue its momentum through 2025. We have a unique
opportunity to leverage our strength in the OB/GYN channel to provide differentiated solutions throughout
women's lives.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

While today, our products mainly help middle-aged women, in the future, we plan to have a stronger
presence among mothers-to-be and older women as we expand our offerings within the hysteroscopic,
laparoscopic and pelvic health markets.

Within Surgical, MyoSure remains the world's leading hysteroscopic product to remove smaller, less
complicated fibroids. Since July is Fibroid Awareness Month, you've probably seen many articles describing
the huge number of women who are affected by fibroids and the way they often suffer in silence or
undergo invasive procedures, such as hysterectomies. It's clear that this market remains large and
underpenetrated and that after many years of exceptional growth, MyoSure still has plenty of room to run.

We are also very excited about Acessa, which we acquired in 2020, and its laparoscopic fibroid treatment
system. Acessa is a perfect complement to MyoSure as the system is used to treat larger, more
complicated fibroids that MyoSure can't reach. Importantly, the same OB/GYNs who rely on MyoSure have
the potential to use Acessa, so it's a great fit for our sales force.

We recently received 2 pieces of good news on Acessa, that it's now included in ACOG's updated fibroid
management guidance and Cigna's list of medically necessary procedures. These are important milestones
on our road to creating another $100 million-plus surgical brand alongside MyoSure and NovaSure.

Another reason we feel confident in Surgical's future is the revitalization of our R&D pipeline. A few years
ago, the division was basically a 2-product show. Today, however, we sell multiple versions of these
products as well as new fluid management system, hysteroscopes and other GYN surgical tools. and we
have a robust pipeline of new products in development.

Finally, based on the strengthening of our global commercial capabilities, we now have many opportunities
to deliver our less invasive surgical solutions to women around the world since less than 20% of the
division's revenue is generated outside the United States today.

Before I turn the call over to Karleen, let me wrap up by saying that, to me, Hologic looks like a
fundamentally different company today than just 18 months ago before the pandemic. We have 3
franchises growing faster than they ever have. We are growing in all major regions of the world. We have
added multiple new growth drivers in all our divisions. And with our COVID test, we have a significant new
product line to provide upside to a strong base. Taken together, we are excited for the future and confident
that we will grow our base, non-COVID business between 5% and 7% over the next several years.

Now let me hand the call over to Karleen.

Karleen M. Oberton
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Steve, and good afternoon, everyone. As Steve said, our third quarter results exceeded
expectations as revenue and EPS grew significantly compared to the prior year. Revenue of $1.17 billion
increased 38%. Organically, revenue grew 34% driven by continued sequential improvement in our base
businesses and a meaningful contribution from global COVID testing revenue. We exceeded our top and
bottom line guidance with upside in both our base and COVID.

We also significantly improved profitability compared to the prior year period. As a result, EPS of $1.33 in
the third quarter increased 77%. Further, operating cash flow remained robust, allowing us to execute on
our capital allocation strategy, which I'll discuss more in a moment. Before I do that, let me provide some
detail on our divisional revenue results. Providing a more complete picture of our performance, I will often
compare our results to the third quarters of both 2020 and 2019.

In Diagnostics, global revenue of $665.5 million grew an impressive 20% compared to the prior year
period, based on higher-than-expected COVID sales and the strength of our core molecular franchise.
Within Diagnostics, Molecular Diagnostics increased 11.9% globally as massive growth internationally
more than offset the decline in U.S. COVID sales.

Although COVID testing revenue declined, it still exceeded our most recent guidance. Specifically, we
shipped about 14 million COVID tests to customers, generating assay revenue of $291 million globally.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

About 2/3 of COVID assay revenues generated outside the United States in the quarter, reflecting the
broader global footprint that Steve discussed.

To better understand the underlying performance of our non-COVID businesses, let me remind you that
the pandemic has also increased sales of collection kits, instruments and ancillaries that are used with our
COVID test. Backing this revenue out of the current and prior year period provides a better picture of true
underlying trends. If we do this, we see that base molecular revenue in total Diagnostics sales grew about
76% organically in the third quarter. Compared to the same quarter of 2019, molecular grew in the mid-
teens and total Diagnostics grew mid-single digits.

Rounding out Diagnostics, our Cytology & Perinatal businesses grew 75% compared to the prior year. But
compared to 2019, these businesses were still slightly behind their pre-pandemic levels.

In breast health, global revenue of $349 million grew 53% and exceptional results as the franchise
continues to gain momentum. As evidence of this, revenue has now increased sequentially and compared
to 2019 for the last 3 quarters. The division's strong performance remains well rounded, reflecting our
commitment to diversifying revenue streams, as Steve discussed.

Both breast imaging and the interventional businesses increased compared to the prior year period, with
imaging growing 43% and interventional increasing 120%. Although we remain encouraged by continued
improvement in the capital environment, capital is still not quite back to the 2019 levels. However, breast
screening rates continue to improve. And with a healthy backlog, we are encouraged about continued
recovery over the next few quarters.

In Surgical, third quarter revenue of $127.9 million grew 143% while also exceeding 2019 levels by low
double digits. Surgical's strong performance has been driven by normalizing procedure volumes, MyoSure
and new products in the hands of our exceptional sales force.

Lastly, in skeletal, revenue of $25.9 million increased 66% compared to the prior year period and was also
up low single digits compared to 2019. Overall, in terms of geography, domestic sales of $749.9 million
increased almost 14%. On an organic basis, U.S. revenue was up 10%. Outside the United States, sales
of $418.4 million increased 130% -- 137%. Organically, sales outside the U.S. grew 131%, a tremendous
result.

Now let's move on to the rest of the P&L for the third quarter. Gross margin of 66.1% increased 140 basis
points, driven by volume recovery in our base businesses and a nice contribution from sales of our COVID
test.

Continuing down the P&L. Total operating expenses of $310.1 million increased 19% in the third quarter.
Excluding expenses from our recent acquisitions, operating expenses would have increased about 11% as
we reinvested for future growth with incremental spending in R&D and marketing. In addition, remember
that given uncertainties associated with the pandemic, we cut back on spending in our third quarter of
2020.

Our non-GAAP tax rate in the quarter was 21.5% driven by a favorable geographic income mix, mainly
sales of COVID tests outside the United States. Putting this all together, operating margin increased 650
basis points to 39.5%, and net margin increased 580 basis points to 29.5%. As a result, non-GAAP net
income finished at $344.8 million and non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.33, exceeding the top end of
our guidance.

Before we cover our fourth quarter guidance, I'll quickly touch on a few other financial metrics. Driven by
our strong performance of our base businesses as well as the contribution from COVID testing, cash flow
from operations was $663 million in the third quarter. This was nearly double our non-GAAP net income,
highlighting excellent cash conversion. These strong cash flows continue to give us tremendous financial
and strategic flexibility.

For example, in the third quarter, we closed the acquisition of Mobidiag for an enterprise value of $808
million and also repurchased 3 million shares of our stock for $188 million.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Overall, we had $828 million of cash at the end of the third quarter, and our leverage ratio was 0.7x. We
intend to continue using our cash on divisional-led tuck-in acquisitions and share repurchases that improve
our top and bottom line growth rates. Finally, ROIC was 34.7% on a trailing 12-month basis, a significant
increase of 2,190 basis points.

Before we open the call for questions, let me discuss our expectations for the fourth quarter of fiscal
2021 and provide a few comments on longer-term targets. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, we expect
strong financial results again with total revenue in the range of $1 billion to $1.04 billion, representing
constant currency decline of 27% to 24% versus the prior year period, which benefited from huge
COVID assay sales. For perspective, in the fourth quarter of 2019, we generated less than $800 million
of revenue, excluding the divested Cynosure business. So we expect to grow significantly above pre-
pandemic levels.

In our base businesses, we expect continued momentum and recovery to generate very strong growth
rates compared to the fourth quarter of 2020 given the negative impact of the pandemic a year ago. And
we expect this franchise to grow nicely compared to 2019 as well.

In terms of COVID assay sales, the U.S. testing market continues to decline. As we forecasted last quarter,
we expect this trend to continue as more people are vaccinated. In addition, summer vacations may
further reduce demand domestically and in Europe. With these factors in mind, we expect COVID assay
sales to range from $150 million to $170 million in the fourth quarter. In addition, COVID-related items in
diagnostics are expected to be approximately $30 million in the fourth quarter, down roughly $20 million
sequentially. If new variants drive demand that exceeds our current expectations, we are well prepared to
deliver for our customers and generate upside to our estimates.

Our fourth quarter guidance includes approximately $35 million of acquired revenue from Mobidiag,
Biotheranostics, Diagenode and Acessa. Backing this out as well as $9 million of expected Blood Screening
revenue, we expect organic revenue to decline 30% to 27%. But excluding COVID assay sales and related
revenue, we forecast organic revenue to grow low to mid-teens in the fourth quarter.

Below operating income, I would point out that we expect other expenses net to increase to about $25
million in the fourth quarter. Our guidance is based on a tax rate of 21.5% and diluted shares outstanding
of 260 million for the quarter. All of this nets out to expected EPS of $0.92 to $1 in the fourth quarter.
Given the outsized impact of COVID assay sales in the prior year period, this translates to a decline of
56% to 52%.

As you update your forecast, let me remind you that macro uncertainty due to the pandemic is still high.
We would therefore encourage you to model at the middle of our ranges, which incorporates both potential
upsides and downsides.

Before we open up the call for questions, let me touch on a few longer-term items. As Steve discussed,
based on our recent strategic planning process, we are confident that organic revenue can grow 5%
to 7% through our fiscal 2025, excluding sales of COVID assays as well as the related ancillaries and
instruments.

Many of you have also asked for our perspective on COVID assay sales next year. And the shortest, most
accurate answer is we don't know, no one does, given the uncertainty -- significant uncertainties that still
exist and that seemingly change on a weekly basis. Having said that, we do understand your desire for
some kind of framework.

Toward that end, we believe that given the scope of the ongoing pandemic and our broad global installed
base of Panther instruments, it's unlikely that COVID assays revenue will be much less than $200 million
next year, which would make COVID one of our biggest molecular assays. It's certainly possible that sales
could be more than that, maybe as much as double. But we are going to be conservative at this stage and
consider anything above $200 million potential upside. We would encourage you to do the same and focus
instead on the strong underlying growth rates in our base businesses that Steve discussed.

Let me wrap up by saying that Hologic showed tremendous growth in the third quarter with results that
exceeded guidance. We continue to make a huge impact on women's health globally and are meeting

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

COVID testing needs as the pandemic evolves. Further, with organic investments in multiple acquisitions,
we are emerging from the pandemic as a stronger company with top line growth rates of 5% to 7%,
excluding COVID impacts.
With that, I will ask the operator to open the call for questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator, we are
ready for the first question.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Tycho Peterson of JPMorgan.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

A question to kick it off on guidance both near term and then the longer-term outlook. So the fourth
quarter guidance, you're a bit below consensus at the midpoint on both revenue and earnings. A lot of
that's obviously the COVID roll-off, but I just want to make sure there's not any deterioration model for
the base business in the fourth quarter outlook. And then longer term, the 5% to 7% growth, obviously,
you've got easy comps from '21 as it was still impacted heavily by COVID. So should we assume the core
non-COVID growth longer term, it could be at the high end or above, given the comp dynamic here in the
near term?

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure. Starting with the fourth quarter guidance, Tycho, you should feel very good about the underlying
trends in the base businesses. We feel really good about each of them, and it's the COVID decline that
really leads us. And we're continuing to be conservative. Day-to-day, it's hard to exactly predict what's
going on in the COVID world. 3 weeks ago looked very different than a week ago. So we want to continue
to be able to get people to focus on our base businesses that we feel good about.

And we don't want to go too far on the longer-term piece, but I think saying a 5% to 7% for this company,
it's very different than where we've been. And yes, so the comps are a little depressed somewhat next
year, but not dramatically given that some of our business has bounced back pretty well. And I think we
feel good about each franchise contributing steady growth as we go through that period. Karleen?

Karleen M. Oberton
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. And I would just add to that, Tycho, that some of the elements of our franchises are not back to the
'19 levels. If you think about cytology, you think about NovaSure and some of our STIs that are related to
well-woman visits, those are still getting back to those '19 levels.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then a follow-up on capital deployment. Obviously, you've been very active on
the M&A front, but you did repurchase 3 million shares this quarter. I'm just curious how you think about
M&A going forward? Do you have a pause here? And would you shift more to buybacks given the valuation
and the growth outlook you've laid out here?

Karleen M. Oberton
Chief Financial Officer

No. I think the M&A pipeline is still certainly active. Again, it's division-led, so maybe a little more quiet
on the Diagnostics front for a while. But the other divisions are certainly still active. And I think given the
cash flow, Tycho, we can still continue to do both. We can still continue to do M&A and share repurchase,
and that strategy will continue.

Operator

Our next question will come from Patrick Donnelly of Citi.

Patrick Bernard Donnelly

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Steve, maybe one for you on the long-term guide. Certainly appreciate all the color there. One of the
biggest questions we get is just how to get comfortable with the big increase in Panther placements for
that utilization beyond COVID. I mean we've seen so many various systems, see their installed base move
higher as well. I guess when you guys work through the guidance, how do you think about this piece? I
mean, obviously, there's things like test of record that you look at, that feel good about the attach rate
in the near term and driving healthy utilization. But maybe just talk about that dynamic. Again, there's a
ton of systems out there. What did you kind of include in the guidance in terms of Panther winning out in
terms of some of that share beyond COVID?

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure, Patrick. It really comes across on multiple fronts. Some is actually the contractual obligations as we
place these Panthers, particularly to provide both COVID revenue but on an ongoing basis.

The other piece is -- and you're right, there's a lot of systems out there now. The simple -- my super
simple way is the "common sense talk to the customer" approach. And I think you've been out there
with enough of the labs as well to hear what is going to be important on an ongoing basis is the most
highly automated instruments that provide the best level of tests. And it's what has led us to really the
unbelievable market shares that we have in virtually all of our businesses.

But when you look at Panther, the automated platform, the incredible automation. And particularly, as labs
start to look to the future, where labor is going to be tougher and tougher to come by. And so what we
continue to hear is Panther is where they want to consolidate. And in the early days of COVID, everybody
went everywhere and got every machine and every test that they could get, and some are still bleeding off
inventories from some of those. We just keep hearing over and over, the lab techs, especially, that are still
running out inventory of other people's stuff, they want to consolidate on Panther. And I think we've got a
multiyear long-term track record of delivering on that.

This is not a pie in the sky, hey, we just placed a bunch of Panthers in the last 15 months and think this is
going to happen. It's what we've been doing for 6 or 7 years pre-Panther, which is we place more Panthers
every year. As our customers get used to them, they want to put more and more stuff on them.

So I think it's going to really help us emerge. All automated platforms are not the same. All boxes are
not the same. Panther has established itself in the high-volume space, high throughput space for a good
reason.

Michael J. Watts
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

Hey, Patrick, it's Mike. The only thing I might add to that just briefly is, although we weren't aware
when we put our strat plan together of the new CDC guidelines that were just issued, I think, last week,
certainly, those are helpful to our business when you think about things like the opportunity for universal
screening around chlamydia, gonorrhea, when you think about molecular testing for Amgen, when you
think about molecular testing for BV.

So as I said, that wasn't something we were aware of at the time, but it certainly speaks to our ability to
work with our largest lab customers to drive primary demand and expand some of those categories.

Patrick Bernard Donnelly
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

That's helpful perspective. And maybe just a quick follow-up for Karleen, just on the COVID piece. Can
you talk about the pricing, another 2/3 of the business, as you mentioned, is OUS. I know that was kind
of shaking around $20. Have the recent contracts been a little more in the mid-teens? What's the right
way to think about that? And then just pushing that forward on that $200 million floor for next year, how
should we be thinking about pricing as we go forward?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Karleen M. Oberton
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Certainly. From Q2 to Q3, we saw that average pricing come down from $25 to closer to $20 given
that dynamic of OUS being 2/3 of the revenue. And I think what we'll see is that as we renew those
contracts, we'll probably see pricing coming down. And then as maybe reimbursement goes away, would
have some pricing pressure. But I think even if we end up with an average ASP in the low to mid-teens,
that's still very profitable assay for us.

Operator

And next, we will go to Vijay Kumar of Evercore ISI.

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Steve, a lot of details here, a lot of numbers. I appreciate the color. Maybe some -- a little bit more
details on some of the assumptions behind the 5% to 7%. That 5% to 7% over the next few years, are
we starting at 5% and progressing towards the higher end? Or maybe talk about the cadence. And what
basically is it assuming for breast versus Diagnostics versus Surgical franchises?

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. I think, Vijay, at the highest level, we probably see each franchise being roughly in that range. Some
may be a little bit faster. And we don't see dramatic changes year-over-year. It's not front-end loaded, it's
not back-end loaded. So we're not ready to give formal-formal year-by-year guidance. Let's wait until our
November call when we give our 2022 guidance.

But I think our underlying belief is, as you well know, those are growth rates better than we were coming
in. And we always said when COVID struck, we're going to emerge as a stronger, faster-growing company.
And we feel like this is exactly what we see for each of the businesses going forward.

Karleen M. Oberton
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. And I would just add that to your point, Steve, that historically, it's never been all of the businesses
growing at these rates. It's been one or the other. So this is what gives us confidence and excitement
when the growth rate is driven by all of the businesses.

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Which I think the magic of that as well, Vijay, and you know it from having lived through the breast
health peaks and valleys, we -- even Surgical early on, weak and then kind of some good quarters
and back down. I think we just see this profound underlying strength of each of the franchises both
domestically and internationally with a cadence of product flow and the installed base and the service
where there's just a strength that has not existed and we've been building over time in each of the
businesses and then supplement it with the acquisitions that are giving us effectively accretive to the
top line growth rates, more products in the bag. It's just -- there's no magic to it, but it's a lot of things
coming together.

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Understood. That's helpful, Steve. And maybe Karleen, one for you. What should the 5% to 7% on the
top translate to the bottom line? I guess going back to some of the debates on the stock a few years
ago, peak margins, it was a question. So where are we on margins right now when you did assume some
capital -- logic now from the double-digit earnings growth trajectory?

Karleen M. Oberton

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So certainly, I think if you looked at our historical trends prior to the pandemic of a regular cadence
of growing EPS, high single, low double digits, I mean, I think -- I don't think that's an unreasonable
expectation. I think if you go back to Q2 of '20, kind of our last clean quarter before the pandemic,
operating income was in the low 30s.

Certainly, as we move forward, any COVID revenue was going to be accretive to that percentage. But I do
-- I would also say that as we look to that 5% to 7%, international is going to be growing faster than U.S.,
which is a little lower on the margin side. And certainly acquisitions, probably over the nearer term, are a
little dilutive to that.

Operator

And now we will go to Jack Meehan of Nephron Research.

Jack Meehan
Nephron Research LLC

I wanted to turn back to Diagnostics and get some color on the Panther trajectory. I think I caught 2,700
total systems now. It seems like you're still placing instruments at a higher rate than you have in the past
and just thought it was interesting given where we are in the pandemic. Curious to get your thoughts how
that will trend from here. And if you look at the systems, I appreciate the color on test or record, but is
there any color of how many are just doing COVID-only and ability to translate them to other things?

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure, Jack. I think the -- as we look to, call it, next year 2022, we're already starting to think about,
okay, what would we place in Panthers. And I think a little early to tell, but we're still seeing pretty strong
demand. So I would expect '22 not to fall off a cliff, even though we've just placed literally 4 years' worth
in about 15-ish -- 15, 16 months. And I think there's some concern that, that would drop off.

I think we'll probably still be in the 200-ish-plus Panthers to be placed even in the next fiscal year. So
we're continuing to see very encouraging demand. And I think part of what we're seeing right now is some
of our folks picking back up that were running flat out COVID. I don't think there's a ton of them today
that are running COVID flat out. I think we're starting to see them picking back up as women's visits are
starting to go back in. So part of the magic of the platform is even with the batching -- that not needing
to batch, you can just start to get back to running women's health assays, viral loads or COVID tests all
simultaneously. So I think we're feeling pretty good about that.

Jack Meehan
Nephron Research LLC

Great. And sticking with molecular. The Mobidiag acquisition, can you give us an updated time line for
when you think Novodiag can enter the U.S. market? And as you look out to 2025, what -- can you humor
us with what you think the revenue contribution for this platform can look like here and how it sits next to
Panther?

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. I think the best way to think about Novo coming to the U.S. is towards the end of that strat plan
horizon. I think we've got a few years' worth of work to get it. In the meantime, we do have installs in
Europe and already some more interest among customers in Europe since we've acquired them in our
sales force that already sells Panthers. So I think we see some opportunity to immediately inject even
additional life into that.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

And I think beyond that, I think as we said in the script, we do see this becoming a multi-hundred million-
dollar business over time. That's probably closer to the end of that -- the end of the strat plan horizon to
-- particularly, we've really got to get into the U.S. to really get that -- those numbers.

Operator

And now we'll take a question from Brian Weinstein of William Blair.

Dustin G. Scaringe
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

This is Dustin on the line for Brian. There's been a lot of talk regarding democratization of testing, in
particular, STI testing, where we're kind of seeing a number of diagnostic companies going after this
market. Can you talk about your viewpoint on how decentralized testing plays and where you think STI
testing will kind of take place longer term? And as it relates to you guys, where does entering this market
rank in terms of company priorities?

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. I think, first off, we've established ourselves with a pretty strong presence in the STIs. And there's
always a lot of competition in every market we're in. There's also a lot of hype and talk, frankly, from
companies putting projections out there that haven't necessarily operated for a long time in the real
world. And at the end of the day, I think we do see increased decentralization. We see opportunities for
-- whether it's home collection or other stuff. And we're positioned both with our customers as well as,
frankly, just the decentralized footprint that we already have with Panther.

So I think it's also important that it's back to the CDC guidelines that just came out last week that we also
see significant market expansion, and we're the ones that have been helping to drive that over time. So
there will be certainly more competition, more tests being done in different places, and I think we continue
to be there.

Dustin G. Scaringe
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Great. I appreciate that. And this kind of goes off an earlier question a little bit, but I'm wondering if you
guys can give an update on the recent diagnostic acquisitions. Things seem to be going pretty well for
Biotheranostics, but just looking for a general update of how integrations are going versus expectations
and how these businesses were doing in years previously.

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. I think Biotheranostics is a great one. We absolutely love it. It's right down the street here in San
Diego. The integration has gone very well. In our San Diego facility this week, I've seen some of the
Biotheranostics people. They're already well integrated with our team and I think excited to be part of
Hologic.

Diagenode, our team over in Belgium, we've been working with them really for 5 years. They've been
developing assays. So we have great relationships there. And on Mobi, I'm exceptionally pleased with
what we're seeing and hearing. And Kevin Thornal and his team have made multiple trips over to Finland
at a time when lots of people don't want to be traveling to those kind of distances and masks and
everything else, our teams have been getting very close to the teams over there. So feeling really, really
good.

And it's really the power of the division-led acquisitions where our teams were deeply involved in the
diligence and getting to know the teams in advance and chomping at the bit to work together. So I think
what's been need is, particularly each of those 3 companies, the employees of each of those companies,
I think, have genuinely been excited to be a part of a company that's got our purpose, passion, promise.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

And it's not just a big old American company focused only on profit, but we've actually got a much bigger
purpose.

And I think, particularly as we've done some of the deals in Europe, that's been a big deal to the
employees. And the same, frankly, with SOMATEX and SSI, we've done a lot in Europe recently between
breast health and Diagnostics. And I think it really resonates with the teams on the ground over there.

Karleen M. Oberton
Chief Financial Officer

And I would just add in Surgical, our Acessa acquisition, some recent good news there. We've got a
guideline from ACOG and coverage from Cigna. So we're excited for what that's going to do in FY '22.

Operator

And now we will go to Anthony Petrone with Jefferies.

And we'll move to our next question. That will be from Tejas Savant of Morgan Stanley.

Tejas Rajeev Savant
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So Steve, one on the Panther placements for you, particularly in terms of the new Panthers that you're
placing with new to Hologic customers. How has that mix evolved over the last few quarters? And specific
to those customers, can you share some color in terms of the menu uptake?

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure. The -- we don't have the incredible detail on that, other than I would just say, frankly, a lot of them
in place with existing customers, a lot with new customers. What we've been seeing on each of them
is certainly, a lot of the new customers, the initial impetus was for COVID revenue. But they've been
qualifying and porting over the other assays as the COVID revenue has started to come down a little bit
as, frankly, the lab tech has been able to come up for error and qualify things. So I think we feel very
good, as evidenced by the underlying trajectory of our core Diagnostics business coming back. And Mike?

Michael J. Watts
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

Tejas, it's Mike. If we look at our test of record metric as an indicator of what you're asking about,
probably no surprise. We've got a big chunk of Aptima Combo 2 new business coming in. That's our
biggest selling assay other than COVID. We've got a big chunk of HPV, human papilloma virus, business
coming in.

But I think what's really encouraging is even bigger than that is the interest in our vaginosis panel, BV/CV,
TV. So that's a little bit of a reflection of what we were talking about before in terms of our ability to take
an existing menu and build out from it with a new test that oftentimes comes from the same sample type.
So that's been encouraging.

Tejas Rajeev Savant
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Got it. Very helpful. And then a couple of unrelated ones for Karleen here. Karleen, you spoke about sort
of about $160 million in COVID testing contributions for the fourth quarter and then about $200 million as
a floor for fiscal '22. Can you just outline what your assumptions were around sort of potentially the Delta
variant leading to an uptick in testing and perhaps even a relatively strong flu season? Would that all the
upside? And are you seeing any pickup at all in the last few weeks in terms of a trend reversal because of
the delta dynamic?

Karleen M. Oberton
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Yes. I would say our approach to the Q4 guide was similar to what we did in Q3, was looking at our July
actual, looking at what's contracted pretty much outside the U.S. as a commitment and then looking
at recent trends. So for the most part, I would say Delta accelerating with the upside as well as the flu
season will likely be upside to those numbers that we've provided.

Operator

And now we will go to Derik De Bruin of Bank of America.

Juan Esteban Avendano
BofA Securities, Research Division

This is Juan on for Derik. You've alluded to it, but with -- specifically on Mobidiag's competitive landscape,
you have other companies pushing into the small complex molecular landscape. And I was wondering how
we should think about the revenue ramp. You had the [ $42 million ] in '20 and, of course, it's going to be
the leading growth driver in 2025. And also, what's their contribution in this quarter?

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure. I think the -- we clearly do see it getting much bigger in the out-years as we come to the United
States. So it will be a few million a quarter right now. Part of that will depend, particularly in Europe -- it's
all European business right now. And I think you'll see it build over the year. Now they had some COVID
revenue last year. So again, the core business, we see it picking up over time here and even starting as
we go into the new year.

Juan Esteban Avendano
BofA Securities, Research Division

Got you. And then any -- are there any other assets that you want to digest in the near term? Maybe
again in the Diagnostics or on the European front, seeing that the integrations of the Diagnostics, like
Mobidiag, they're all going well?

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

I think we feel really good with what we have, and it allows us to be opportunistic. There's nothing that
we're lacking right now, and we'll continue just to kind of keep our eyes and ears open. I would say, I
think we feel very good about integrating everything we have right now and that alone.

One way to think about it, we've accelerated multiple years of acquisitions in Diagnostics in a real short
period of time. We did 3 deals in a 3- to 4-month window of announced -- actual closing 3 deals and, call
it, a 6-, 7-month window. That covered our next couple of years of some of what we were hoping to do.
So we're now hot and heavy into the integrations and into the execution mode that we tend to be pretty
good on the execution side. But we'll continue to keep our eyes open. But there's no gaping holes in our
portfolio.

Operator

And now we will go to Max Masucci of Cowen and Company.

Max Masucci
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Can you just give us a bit more detail around how the recoveries has trended for routine wellness and
breast screening visits lately, where that backlog stands? And what sort of impact you've seen more
recently just with the emergence of the Delta variant?

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Sure. I think overall, we've seen pretty good recoveries really in mammography. The core women's health,
some of the sexually transmitted infection and pap tests have not bounced fully back yet. And I think
we see that as an opportunity for the future that they will get back. But I think we've seen a little more
recovery in -- on the mammography side. Most places are back close to 100%.

I think the very recent trends with Delta, we're seeing little pockets here and there of small hospital
systems here or there in certain geographies that may not be scheduling extra visits right now, things like
that. But I don't think it will be material to the quarter going forth.

Max Masucci
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Got it. And Mobidiag, it allows you to serve customers that want both low-plex or higher-plex testing
capabilities in the decentralized setting. But just at an industry level, have you seen rising demand for
higher-plex testing today compared to pre-pandemic times? And just as a follow-up, do you view Mobidiag
as a bigger share taker or game changer in the low-plex or higher-plex segment of the market over time?

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes, I think we think it's going to play very well in both. But certainly, in the multiplex area over time,
I think it's going to be a great platform for us. The magic for us is it does give us a completely new
growth platform in addition to Panther. So we've got all the additional Panthers we placed. Now it'll be
building up the menu over time and getting those Panthers working at a higher rate while we then are --
subsequently, we'll start to bring in the Mobidiag platform both, frankly, more around Europe. Right now,
it's largely just in a few Northern European countries as we expand across Europe. And then ultimately,
we'll bring it to the states.

Operator

And we had time for one final question, and that will come from Anthony Petrone again from Jefferies.

Anthony Charles Petrone
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Apologies just hopping between calls. I just have two on Diagnostics. First, on the CDC guidelines. It
sort of recommends universal screening, but it looks like it will be site-specific in terms of adopting that
protocol. So just wondering how you actually see that rolling out. And certainly, it represents upside for
the Aptima Combo STI franchise. But any thoughts early on, on what that can mean for tailwind? And the
second one quickly on COVID testing OUS, some of your competitors have referenced tenders. I'm just
wondering if the company is participating in tenders and what that kind of represents going forward.

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure. I'll start on the second one first. Yes, we're certainly involved in any of the tenders for COVID
revenue if -- when we've established very strong relationships upfront. It's also where, frankly, our ability
to serve our customers internationally -- as we said, about 2/3 of our revenue from COVID last quarter
was internationally. We've built some very strong relationships. And the -- frankly, the health ministers
around the world have known they can count on us and they can count on Panthers to deliver. So we feel
pretty good about the -- being involved in those.

And back to your first piece on the CDC, we feel really good about these new guidelines. And specifically,
while it leaves it up to regional, we've got a couple of things going for us. First off, our own Diagnostics
sales team that calls on physicians and helps to educate them, but really, more importantly, you're going
from effectively an opt-in to an opt-out system. So there have been so many women who should be
having these tests done on a routine visits that have really had to be opted in, and now the default should
go the other way. So is that going to affect this coming quarter? Probably not. Will it significantly expand
the market here in the coming years? We think so.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

And we think it's a great move for human health because a lot of the young women when they're -- if
they're at the doctor's office and they're with their mom and the doctors asking questions about are they
sexually active to decide, do I give this test or not? And therefore, okay, wait. The kid has to answer yes
to get the test written. As soon as the default becomes, hey, you might not be, but we're just going to
order this test anyway, that is a much -- I think a much better way for society, ultimately, to probably
have a better handle on what's really going on.

Michael J. Watts
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

Kathy, it looks like we've just got one more left in the queue. We can take that last question quickly if
they're still there.

Operator

Certainly, we will go to Ryan Zimmerman of BTIG.

Ryan Benjamin Zimmerman
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

Just one for me. So breast growth, Steve, you called out this cliff. And certainly, the percentage of sales,
gantry sales is declining. And it kind of dovetails with Vijay's question, how do you think about that growth
rate over time? Given the long-range guidance you provided, can that move up from what people have
historically thought of as a kind of a low single-digit, mid-single-digit growth rate within breast as the
dynamics of that business shift over the next few years?

Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes, Ryan. I think what we're very encouraged by -- and I'll give Pete Valenti, who has subsequently
retired from Hologic -- but when he came into the company and joined me in early 2014, our entire goal
was to eliminate the boom/bust, the cliff and the peaks and all that stuff in the Breast Health business.
And we've achieved exactly that of going to a much more consistent business through both diversifying,
but also by bringing additional ideas to the gantries where we continue to launch better gantries along the
way and make that much more stable.

So I think what we see there is a core underlying gantry business and service business. But then also as
we're getting into a little more of the disposable stuff of the breast surgery stuff and those things, whether
it's a bit of Focal, and frankly, the markers that SOMATEX brings, now Brevera with the biopsy, which is
the capital, but really then it's the needle use, is adding these ongoing revenue streams that are a little bit
accretive to that underlying market growth that we have.

So is breast health going to be the fastest growing business? Probably not. But is it going to be
comfortably in that range? I think we feel really good about it.

Karleen M. Oberton
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. And I think I would just add that internationally, if you think about historically, that breast business
was managed -- or commercially was a loose set of dealer network that under Kevin Thornal, we set out a
strategy to go direct. We're seeing that improve the international business. I think there's other markets
we're looking to go direct. And in general, internationally, our commercial capabilities continue to grow
and believe that's going to be helped -- that international breast will be -- breast growth will be accretive
to the overall worldwide division.

Michael J. Watts
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

All right. Thanks, everybody. We appreciate your time this afternoon.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Thank you. This now concludes the Hologic's Third Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Have a
good evening.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

HOLOGIC, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

