Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 

NYSE:HPE
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, August 25, 2020 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.23

0.32

Revenue  (mm)

6060.18

6816.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-24-2020 10:30 AM GMT

39.13

12.47

0.31

1.21

1.46

6405.35

25425.35

26028.15

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.46

0.44

0.29

0.23

0.49

0.44

0.22

0.32

6.52 %

0.00 %

(24.14 %)

39.13 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Sonalee Parekh
Senior VP of Corporate
Development & Investor Relations
and Advisor to the CFO

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

A.M. Sacconaghi
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Roderick B. Hall
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2020 Hewlett Packard Enterprise Earnings Conference
Call. My name is Cole, and I'll be your conference moderator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] We'll
be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. [Operator Instructions]
As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.

I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Ms. Sonalee Parekh, Senior
Vice President, Corporate Development and Investor Relations. Please proceed.

Sonalee Parekh
Senior VP of Corporate Development & Investor Relations and Advisor to the CFO

Thank you, operator, and good afternoon. This is Sonalee Parekh, SVP of Corporate Development and
Investor Relations for Hewlett Packard Enterprise. I would like to welcome you to our fiscal 2020 third
quarter earnings conference call with Antonio Neri, HPE's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tarek
Robbiati, HPE's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.

Before handing the call over to Antonio, let me remind you that this call is being webcast. A replay of the
webcast will be made available shortly after the call for approximately 1 year. We posted the press release
and the slide presentation accompanying today's earnings release on our HPE Investor Relations web page
at investors.hpe.com.

As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world
and our businesses as we see them today. For more detailed information, please see the disclaimers
on the earnings materials relating to forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and
assumptions. For a discussion of some of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, please refer to HPE's
filings with the SEC, including its most recent Form 10-K. HPE assumes no obligation and does not intend
to update any such forward-looking statements.

We also note that the financial information discussed on this call reflects estimates based on information
available at this time and could differ materially from the amounts ultimately reported in HPE's quarterly
report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal year quarter ended July 31, 2020. Also, for financial information that
has been expressed on a non-GAAP basis, we have provided reconciliations to the comparable GAAP
information on our website. Please refer to the tables and slide presentation accompanying today's
earnings release on our website for details.

Throughout this conference call, all revenue growth rates, unless noted otherwise, are presented on a
year-on-year basis and adjusted to exclude the impact of currency.

Finally, please note that Antonio provides his high-level remarks; Tarek will be referencing the slides in our
earnings presentation throughout his prepared remarks. As mentioned, the earnings presentation can be
found posted to our website and is also embedded within the webcast player for this earnings call.

With that, let me turn it over to Antonio.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Sonalee, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today, and I hope everyone
is staying safe and healthy. Overall, I am pleased with our Q3 performance. We executed well to enable
strong sequential growth across our businesses. We gained momentum in key areas of differentiation
driven by customer demand aligned to our strategy. And we began to take decisive and prudent actions to
strengthen our core financial foundation while we continued to align resources to critical areas of growth.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

COVID-19 has forced fundamental changes in businesses and communities. These changes have further
validated our strategy. Navigating through the pandemic and planning for a post-COVID world has
increased customer needs for as-a-service offerings, secure connectivity, remote work capabilities and
analytics to unlock insights from data. Our solutions are aligned to these needs, and we see a tremendous
opportunity to help our customers transform and digitize their businesses as they continue to adapt and
operate in a new world.

Let me review a few highlights from the quarter. Total net revenue of $6.8 billion was up 14% quarter-
over-quarter, and non-GAAP operating profit was up 33% quarter-over-quarter. Compute, HPC & MCS,
Storage and Intelligent Edge business segments also grew sequentially. Moving forward, we expect
continued gradual performance improvement.

We made significant improvements in our supply chain execution, reducing our backlog by more than
$500 million from our Q2 historical high exit levels, which contributed to our results. In our HPC business,
COVID-related impacts continued to affect our customers' ability to accept delivery of our products. We
expect to return to normalized level of backlog by the end of Q4 through continued improvements in both
supply chain execution and customer acceptances.

Our pivot to as-a-service continued its strong momentum in the quarter. Our annualized revenue run rate
of $528 million grew 11% year-over-year. GreenLake services orders grew a record 82% year-over-year.
We believe this is faster than the orders growth of public cloud vendors, and it is a validation of our hybrid
strategy and competitive differentiation.

We are focused on delivering one seamless cloud experience for all applications and data, no matter where
they exist: at the edge, in a data center, in a colocation or in a public cloud estate. While others are now
publicly declaring plans to offer Everything-as-a-Service, we have been focused on this for several years
and have made significant organic and inorganic investments to deliver a differentiated experience for our
customers.

Our Q3 free cash flow of $924 million was up $276 million year-over-year, driven by a record cash flow
from operations as a result of our improved execution this quarter. Importantly, we also declared our Q4
dividend today. Dividends remain an important part of our capital allocation framework that consists of
capital return to shareholders and strategic investments that together drive long-term shareholder value.

Our customers are managing through the pandemic with even greater needs for the capabilities HPE
can uniquely provide. In June, we put our strategy in the spotlight at our Discover Virtual Experience
event, where we introduced new breakthrough innovation on a global virtual stage. The new solutions we
introduced support our position that cloud is an experience, not a destination, and they're already gaining
traction with our customers.

We launched our next-generation of HPE GreenLake cloud services. These new cloud services span
machine learning operations, container management, virtualization, Infrastructure-as-a-Service, data
protection and Connectivity-as-a-Service. Now our customers can access all of our HPE GreenLake cloud
services via a self-service point-and-click catalog on our HPE GreenLake Central cloud portal.

Notably, in Q3, we signed several of our largest HPE GreenLake cloud services deals in history, including
LyondellBasell, one of the largest plastics, chemicals and refining companies in the world, who signed
a $27 million HPE GreenLake deal to drive their digital transformation and environmental efficiency.
Underpinning our customer cloud experience is the need for software. That is why we introduced our new
HPE Ezmeral software portfolio. Our new portfolio includes a container platform that deploys Kubernetes
at scale for a wide range of use cases on bare metal and virtual machines; a data fabric that delivers
enterprise-wide global access to data from edge to cloud with best-in-class reliability, security and
performance; and machine learning operations solution that increases speed and agility for machine
learning ops by operationalizing end-to-end processes from pilot to production; as well as IT operations
and automation to improve productivity and mitigate risk of service disruption. In addition, it enables
our customer to control cost and compliance across their hybrid cloud estate through our managed cloud
control capabilities built into the portfolio. HPE Ezmeral can be consumed as a license or as a part of our
HPE GreenLake cloud services offering.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

And just a few weeks ago, as a strong endorsement of our strategy and capabilities, we announced plans
to partner with SAP to deliver the customer edition of SAP HANA Enterprise Cloud with HPE GreenLake
cloud services. This new joint solution will help customers leverage our cloud capabilities while keeping
their SAP workloads and data on-premises.

At the same time, we continued to strengthen our core capabilities in Storage and Compute, which are
essential resources to store and process customers' data. Every 60 seconds, we ship 46 terabytes of
storage and 4 servers. Despite the challenging market that impacted our Storage performance overall, in
Q3, we saw sequential improvement of 4% and, importantly, we gained traction and grew in key areas
of investment. Big data storage, which is built on unique intellectual property from our MapR acquisition
to enable real-time analytics for mission-critical big data workloads, grew revenues 31% year-over-year.
Nimble distributed HCI, our new hyper-converged solution for business-critical applications and mixed
workloads at scale grew revenue at 112% year-over-year.

And a great example of our organic innovation is HPE Primera, our most intelligent storage platform, grew
revenues 114% year-over-year. HPE Primera gained 104 new logos this quarter, with nearly 1/4 of those
being new to HPE Storage. We saw strong sequential momentum with HPC and Mission-Critical Systems
that grew 10%, including a 10-year deal of $125 million with the University of Edinburgh in Scotland,
who chose HPE to power the Edinburgh International Data Facility with our industry-leading HPC and AI
solutions.

And finally, we had a very solid quarter in Compute, with 29% quarter-over-quarter growth, driven by
the reduction in backlog and customer demand in VDI, or virtual desktop infrastructure, solutions. For
example, Erasmus University Medical Center in the Netherlands wanted to upgrade its VDI environment
for life cycle management needs and to prepare for future waves of COVID-19. We introduced a complete
composable hyper-converged infrastructure solution based on HPE Synergy, along with HPE Primera, to
meet our needs.

Our Intelligent Edge business performed in line with the market in Q3. We continued to see the edge
as a significant opportunity over the long term. The explosion of data, devices and application will drive
demand for secure multi-protocol connectivity, analytics and cloud computing capabilities at the edge,
especially in the post-COVID world.

We are now entering the age of insights, driven by the amount of data we are generating and the
utilization of new analytic tools, such as machine learning and artificial intelligence technologies.
Customers are looking to power a new breed of applications and workloads that work in concert with
cloud, but analyze and process data at the edge. To enable these new customer needs, we introduced the
Aruba Edge Services Platform, or Aruba ESP, the industry-first AI-powered cloud platform designed for
-- to unify, automate and secure the edge. The Aruba ESP combines AIOps, Aruba -- Zero Trust security
and a unified infrastructure with financial and consumption flexibility, and we are seeing early customer
adoption. Noble Hospitality, a luxury lifestyle brand, is standardizing on Aruba Edge services Platform as
their edge cloud foundation for the hotel chain. The ability to generate actionable analytics where the data
is created and deliver new on-property experiences for guests was critical to their decision.

We also announced our plans to acquire SD-WAN leader, Silver Peak. Silver Peak's advanced SD-WAN
offerings strengthened our Aruba ESP and complements Aruba's existing work-from-home and branch
office solutions to deliver one of the industry's most comprehensive portfolios designed to securely
connect any edge to any cloud. The combination, which is expected to close in Q4 of this fiscal year, will
allow enterprise customers to simplify their branch office and WAN deployments to empower remote
workforces, enable cloud-native deployments and transform business operations without compromising
quality or reliability. This is a great example of accelerating our strategy while maintaining a disciplined
approach to capital allocation.

Building on our 5G Core Stack launch in March, we introduced a new telco Edge Orchestrator solution for
telecom operators. This new solution provides revenue opportunities for telecoms in the enterprise market
with 1-click deployment of applications at the edge of the new 5G networks. We are receiving positive
feedback on our 5G offerings. For example, we announced an innovative technical demonstration of an
automated virtual 5G network conducted with a French telecom operator, Orange, and telco infrastructure

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

solutions provider Casa Systems. The demo highlights the expanding use cases and service agility needed
to support 5G business applications, including location-based telemetry, IoT, edge computing and more
that will require low latency.

Our ability to innovate for our customers is made possible by strong financial management that strengthen
our core financial foundation and allows us to align resources to the most critical areas. As we exited Q2,
you will recall that we took a number of decisive and prudent actions to manage our business through the
evolving impacts of COVID-19. This included several short-term initiatives to reduce operating expenses
and drive efficiencies as well as the introduction of a long-term cost optimization and prioritization plan
designed to accelerate sustainable profitable growth. We remain on track to deliver the annualized net
run rate savings of at least $800 million by the end of fiscal year '22, driven by optimizing our workplace
site strategy, simplifying our product portfolio and introducing new digital customer engagement models.
These efforts, backed by our diversified portfolio, robust balance sheet and investment-grade credit rating,
will allow us to continue to invest in key growth areas.

In closing, I am proud of our Q3 performance, and I am proud of our HPE team. Our team members have
been steadfast partners for our customers through an unprecedented period. They have moved quickly
to address rapidly evolving market conditions. They have innovated with our customers in mind. They
have made personal sacrifices to invest in our company's future. They have passionately committed to
help HPE play a role in shaping a more equitable and inclusive society. And they have done all of this while
managing the challenges of living through a global pandemic. Put it more simply, my HPE colleagues have
represented our values, lived our culture and delivered on our purpose to advance the way people even
work. As a result of the efforts, HPE is stronger and better able to serve our customers, partners and
communities in a world that's forever changed.

While we continue to navigate through the global pandemic and macro uncertainty, we are cautiously
optimistic that we will see gradual quarter-over-quarter performance improvement going forward. This
is why we are providing guidance for our fiscal year '20 non-GAAP EPS, which Tarek will discuss. We look
forward to seeing you virtually at our Securities Analyst Meeting on October 15, where we will provide
more details about our long-term plans.

And with that, let me turn it over to Tarek to review the quarter's results.

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you very much, Antonio. I'll start with a summary of our financial results for the third quarter of
fiscal year 2020. As usual, I'll be referencing the slides from our earnings presentation to highlight our
performance in the quarter. Also, let me remind you that since the start of the fiscal year, we are reporting
results according to our new segmentation.

Antonio discussed the key highlights for this quarter on Slide 4. Now let me discuss our financial
performance, starting with Slide 5. Q3 was characterized by strong execution, driving sequential growth.
We delivered Q3 revenues of $6.8 billion, up 14% sequentially and down 4% from the prior year period.
I am especially pleased to report that we have made significant progress in clearing our backlog by more
than $500 million during the quarter. We expect a return to normalized backlog levels as we exit Q4 2020.
As a result, we have grown non-GAAP gross profit by 8% sequentially to $2.1 billion in Q3. Non-GAAP
gross margins were 30.4% this quarter, down 160 basis points sequentially, driven by a higher mix of
Compute as we executed against our backlog from prior quarters. Normalizing for the effect of backlog,
both our Compute and Storage business segments grew gross margin on a sequential basis. Our non-
GAAP operating profit was up 33% sequentially, resulting in a 7.1% operating margin, and our non-GAAP
EPS of $0.32 was up 45% sequentially. Our GAAP EPS was $0.01 as we accelerated our transformation
program and incurred restructuring costs.

Q3 cash flow from operations was approximately $1.5 billion, driven by strong operational execution.
Free cash flow was $924 million, up $276 million from the prior year period, driven primarily by favorable
working capital movements that I will detail later. Finally, we paid $154 million of dividends in the quarter
and are declaring a Q4 dividend today of $0.12 per share payable October 7, 2020.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Let's move to Slide 6, which shows our performance in the quarter by segment. Here are the highlights. In
the Intelligent Edge segment, we grew revenues 3% quarter-over-quarter, in line with the market. While
wireless LAN declined single digit sequentially, we grew the campus switching business 12% quarter-over-
quarter. In North America, our largest geo, revenue grew 4% quarter-over-quarter, demonstrating our
continued momentum. Operating margin in Q3 was 8.6%, down 240 basis points quarter-over-quarter,
impacted primarily by higher logistics and duties costs in this current environment.

In Compute, revenue grew 29% quarter-over-quarter as we executed against the backlog and improved
our supply chain execution. Not only did units grow strong double digits sequentially, AUP grew 3%
quarter-over-quarter as well. The increased operating leverage in this segment resulted in an operating
profit margin of 8.5%, up 380 basis points quarter-over-quarter.

In High Performance Compute & Mission-Critical Systems, revenue grew 10% quarter-over-quarter,
driven by strong performance in edge compute, HPC Apollo and MCS, up sequentially 82%, 16% and
2%, respectively. We expect to see sequential momentum next quarter driven by increased customer
acceptance for HPC & MCS and Cray as we execute against the order book across the portfolio. Most
importantly, Cray remains on track to deliver both on its FY '20 revenue targets and triple-digit run rate
synergies by the end of fiscal year '21.

Within Storage, we grew revenue 4% quarter-over-quarter, driven by strong operational execution across
the segment portfolio of products and reduction of backlog to normalized levels. With respect to Pointnext
operational services, which is included across our Compute, HPC, MCS and Storage segments, total
revenue was down 2%, while orders grew 1% on a sequential basis. Additionally, our services intensity,
which is the ratio of attach revenue per hardware units sold continued to be strong with solid double-digit
growth on a sequential basis across all segments: Compute, Storage and HPC & MCS. This demonstrates
that the underlying profitability of the units we sell and the attach rates continue to be robust.

In Advisory & Professional Services, revenue was down 4% sequentially as COVID impacted consulting
activity and the chargeability levels of our staff. This business is strategically important for us as it helps
customers navigate through their digital transformation and also pulls through significant infrastructure
and operational services orders.

Within HPE Financial Services, financing volume was up 1% quarter-over-quarter despite the impact of
COVID-19, and our net portfolio of assets was up 4% this quarter, driven primarily by FX movements.
We maintained a solid return on equity of approximately 13% this quarter. Our bad debt loss ratio this
quarter was 74 basis points, which was slightly higher than previous quarters, is still best-in-class within
this industry. I am particularly pleased by the collection performance in HPEFS, which attests to the quality
of the book and the HPEFS franchise overall. I will come back to that later on.

Our Communications and Media Solutions business that is included in our Corporate Investments segment,
is strategically important to us, providing software and services capabilities to telco service providers.
Revenue was down 4% sequentially due to first half slowdown in services bookings. However, due to our
improved cost of delivery, we're able to expand operating margins by 30 basis points quarter-over-quarter.
We continue to make good progress in our 5G core strategy that provides multi-vendor integration and
true cloud-native telco networks functions.

Slide 7 shows our growing ARR profile, which I introduced at our Securities Analyst Meeting in October
2019. I am very pleased to report that our Q3 '20 ARR came in at $528 million, representing 11% year-
over-year growth. GreenLake service orders were up 82% year-over-year in constant currency, driven
by outstanding performance in North America, which delivered 5x year-over-year growth. Our HPE Aruba
Central SaaS platform continued to grow revenue strong double digits year-over-year as well. Based on
strong customer demand, I am confident to reiterate our ARR growth guidance of 30% to 40% CAGR from
fiscal year '19 to fiscal year '22.

Slide 8 highlights our EPS performance to date. Non-GAAP diluted net earnings per share was $0.32 in
Q3, up 45% sequentially from Q2 driven by improved operating leverage, cost control and lower OI&E
expenses. We now expect fiscal year '20 OI&E to be significantly less than our $100 million expense

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

guidance provided at SAM 2019, driven by higher earnings from equity interest in HPC and better cost of
debt resulting from our balance sheet funding diversification strategy that I will elaborate further on.

Turning to gross margin on Slide 9. And as I mentioned previously, non-GAAP gross profit was up 8%
sequentially due to improved operating leverage. At 30.4% of revenues, our gross margin was down 160
basis points quarter-over-quarter driven by higher mix of compute as we executed against our elevated
backlog from the prior quarter. Most importantly, and normalizing for the effect of backlog, both Compute
and Storage business segments grew gross margins on a sequential basis.

Moving to Slide 10. Non-GAAP operating margin was 7.1% in Q3 of fiscal year '20 and non-GAAP operating
income of $484 million was up 33% quarter-over-quarter. A combination of improved operating leverage
and disciplined cost controls enabled us to improve profitability on a sequential basis. Last quarter, let me
say this, we were prescient by proactively announcing ahead of other industry players a cost optimization
and prioritization plan that would deliver annualized net run rate savings of at least $800 million by the
end of fiscal year '22. We are making excellent progress there and are very much on track to emerge
stronger in the post-COVID world. The actions we outlined as part of that plan to transform our core by
optimizing our cost structure and aligning our resources through deep segmentation to key growth areas
are now clearly starting to bear fruit.

Turning to Slide 11. We generated cash flow from operations of approximately $1.5 billion. This is the
highest level for the past 11 quarters, as we improved our operational execution. Free cash flow was $924
million for the quarter, driven by timing of working capital movements that resulted in favorability in Q3.
Overall, we saw an improvement in our cash conversion cycle for minus 5 days in the prior quarter to
minus 10 days this quarter. For Q4, we expect free cash flow to be sequentially lower mainly due to 2
reasons: number one, working capital will be use of cash; and number two, higher restructuring payments
related to our core transformation plan we announced in Q2.

As you recall, during the lockdown, we discussed our company exposure by industry vertical and company
size and explained in detail that our business is highly resilient. As a proof point, I would like to highlight
the performance of our credit collection teams in both our operating company and in HPEFS. Thanks to
their contribution during the quarter, the level of our ARR that is current is at a record high of 99.5%,
which attests of the strength of the HPE business and the quality of our franchise.

Now moving on to Slide 12, I want to spend a moment to talk about the strength of our diversified balance
sheet and liquidity position and provide some insight on the puts and takes on forthcoming adjustments to
our cash and debt positions. As of our 31st of July quarter end, we had approximately $8.5 billion of cash
and cash equivalents, having successfully raised $1.75 billion in senior notes in July 2020 at a low cost of
debt.

Post the quarter end, we redeemed $3 billion of bonds maturing in October 2020. Together with an
undrawn revolving credit facility of $4.75 billion at our disposal, we currently have approximately $10.3
billion of liquidity after the redemption of the notes maturing in October 2020. Additionally, we expect
to pay $925 million cash when we complete the proposed acquisition of Silver Peak, which is expected
to close in Q4 of fiscal year '20. Adjusted for these known changes, our OpCo gross debt would be
lower by $3 billion to approximately $4.4 billion, and our OpCo cash will also be lower by $3.9 billion to
approximately $4 billion, resulting in an OpCo net debt of approximately $400 million.

Separately, we have securitized some Financial Services-related debt through the ABS market in the
U.S., and as of July 301st quarter end, we have approximately $2.1 billion in outstanding ABS issuances.
The refinancing of higher-cost unsecured debt with ABS financing allows us to boost access to financing
markets at cheaper cost of capital, which helps diversify our balance sheet and lower interest expense
payments in the future. Finally, I would like to reiterate that we remain committed to maintaining our
investment-grade credit rating, which was reaffirmed by the rating agencies in July 2020. Bottom line, we
have a strong cash position and ample liquidity available to run our operations, continue to invest in our
business and execute on our strategy.

Now turning to outlook on Slide 13. Given the progress made in our operations, we are now in a position
to provide guidance on fiscal year '20 EPS. We expect to finish fiscal year '20 with non-GAAP diluted net

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

earnings per share of $1.30 to $1.34, and we expect our fiscal year '20 GAAP diluted net loss per share to
be between $0.35 and $0.31.

Let me recap our key takeaways for this quarter on Slide 14. We delivered strong sequential improvement
in top and bottom line and significantly improved operational and supply chain execution. We also
accelerated our as-a-service pivot with very strong momentum in ARR and record GreenLake services
order growth. We're taking actions to strengthen our financial foundation and align resources to critical
areas to transform our core and drive sustainable profitable growth. At this stage, given all of this, we
expect gradual sequential performance improvement moving forward. In Q3, we paid $154 million in
dividends to shareholders. We recognize that dividends are an important part of our capital allocation
framework and returns to shareholders, and today, we are very pleased to declare a Q4 dividend of $0.12
per share payable on October 7, 2020.

On a personal note, I'd like to echo Antonio's comments. We are both very proud of the way our company
and team members quickly and decisively responded to the unprecedented challenges that the global
COVID-19 pandemic has caused. As Antonio mentioned, we look forward to having you join us at our
Virtual Securities Analyst Meeting on October 15, where we will provide an update on our strategy,
financial outlook and capital management policy.
Now with that, let's open it up for questions. Thank you.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question today will come from Shannon Cross with Cross Research.

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Antonio, can you talk a bit about what customers are telling you, maybe on a geographic basis or looking
at your segments, about what they're looking to invest in, how they're feeling about IT budgets? Clearly,
some of the other large cap tech companies have come under pressure. So I'm curious as to sort of the
sentiment that you're hearing from customers in the channel as they look to the next couple of quarters?
And then I have a follow-up.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Thank you, Shannon. So I spent probably 50% of my time talking to customers and partners, so I
have a pretty good insight of what we see in the market. What we see right now, first of all, and I made
this comment in my remarks, we see steady demand and, obviously, there are areas which are stronger
than others. But the general sense is as follows. First of all, they're looking to strengthen their operations
and, therefore, IT plays a huge role with that, and IT resiliency is more important than ever. So anything
that comes with security and enables them to digitize their processes is on the growth side.

Second is, obviously, they have a lot of data, and they need to get insight from that data. And we see
an acceleration of solutions related to AI and machine learning, and that's why our big data storage saw
another great, solid performance. But obviously, ML ops, and that's why we introduced an offer with HPE
GreenLake cloud services around machine learning operations, is in high demand.

Obviously, as we look at the workforce, I think there are permanent and lasting changes to how we're
going to work in the future. Remote connectivity is essential. And that's why I'm so excited about the
acquisition of Silver Peak because together with Aruba services platform give us now the ability to provide
connectivity for all the edges and the edge now is your home office, right? I consider that the micro
branch to any cloud. And obviously, there are multiple clouds because it's a hybrid strategy.

And then anything that preserves CapEx is also in high demand and that's why we see significant
momentum with our HP GreenLake cloud services because that's a true conceived as-a-service offering.
And so obviously, that's in transition. What we see is a transition period, but I would say the enterprise
has been steady. Obviously, SMB is a challenge -- from a customer segmentation perspective, is a
challenge.

When I look at the verticals, I think the financial sector where you play is still very solid and the
manufacturing side as well. Education, obviously, now is going to be very important. And the public sector,
the public sector is very strong. And obviously, we have a unique portfolio there with our HPC and AI
solutions, but also around storage as well. So that's the general theme, Shannon, that we see at this point
in time.

In terms of budgets, obviously, they are assessing what happens in the context of their own revenues and
profit. But overall, I will say the enterprise, which is where we participate the most, is fairly steady, and
that's what Tarek meant we have a very diversified and resilient portfolio, both by customer segment and
by solution.

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe just looking at Compute, obviously, you had a benefit from the
backlog. But underlying all of that, pricing, competition, component costs, I think you said that revenue

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

was up even net of the backlog fulfillment. So if you could just talk a bit about some of the underlying
trends you're seeing there.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Sure. The Compute business performed really well, 29% sequentially and 1% year-over-year. And we did
a very good job in reducing that backlog. There's still some, but that's why we feel very confident that
we can totally get back to the historical levels by the end of Q4. We grew sequentially double digits in
units and AUP, 3%. If you recall, commodity cost has been inflationary in the first part of the year, and
we took quite significant actions on pricing and that's why our AUPs went up because of pricing, but also
because of the structural changes we continue to see in that type of products. I mentioned we shipped 46
terabytes of storage, and that's not just storage in a traditional storage platform, it goes with compute,
right; and for servers.

I think as you think about going forward, obviously, we'll continue to be very disciplined on pricing. In
terms of commodity costs, in particular, DRAM, we've started seeing some decline, honestly. The curve
is pointing downwards. But as I said before, and we lived this in 2018, right, when prices go up -- when
cost goes up, prices go up faster and when the cost goes down, it takes longer. But ultimately, the next
generation of our compute platform will drive even more richer configurations because there will be more
gigabyte per unit that will be attached to it. And so that's why we feel good about where we are today. But
that's what we see in Compute right now, it is still very competitive, there's no question about it. But the
demand is shifting between enterprise, public sector and, obviously, the service provider segment.

Operator

And our next question will come from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Antonio, thanks for those comments around Compute, but I was also wondering, clearly, backlog
conversion was -- helped a great deal within the quarter's performance on Compute, but you also showed
growth in Compute on a year-on-year basis after a very long time. How are you thinking about the
sustainability, not just sort of going one quarter out, but just more sustainability across the next several
quarters in terms of Compute growth? And if you could also comment on the deterioration in growth in
edge, that would be helpful. And I have a follow-up for Tarek.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Sure. I mean as I said before, everything in our life computes, which means Compute is embedded
everywhere, not just in a server, and a lot of our storage platform is basically a compute platform with
software, right? Big data storage is a great example of that. It is an Apollo platform that runs our AI
software on it. It's hard to predict exactly what's going to happen there, but we saw steady demand again.
We, obviously, have reallocated resources, particularly in our go-to-market where we see the growth
opportunity as well. And we will continue to drive what the focus is, particularly in areas like VDI, which is,
in essence, is a Compute product with a bunch of software. Traditional Compute per se, in general purpose
workloads, those obviously have been kind of weakened over time, have been declining. But overall, I
think a combination of AUPs, pricing, obviously, action and richer configuration, we should maintain a level
of stability at this point in time considering that 2020 was fairly depressed overall.

In terms of the edge, we believe we grew in line with the market. If I look at our competitors, what they
announced, I think, is in line with the market. But we saw strength, as Tarek said, in switching, which
was up sequentially, 12%. Obviously, we continue to see quite a bit of strength in our subscription-based
model with our Aruba platform. And also, we saw quite a bit of strength as well on the solutions around
we provide, particularly remote work solutions or remote connectivity. For us, this is a business that has
the long-term future. The thesis is totally intact. The Silver Peak acquisition will, obviously, accelerate the
growth of Aruba going forward as well.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Okay. And Tarek, you noted in your comments the seasonality in Q4 around free cash flow that it wouldn't
be up seasonally, it would be down. Can you help us think through where in working capital you see the
headwinds in 4Q? Is it on the inventory side, which significantly improved here in the third quarter? And
what sort of magnitude of restructuring we should expect in 4Q as well?

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Okay. Thank you, Wamsi, for the question. So let me start by answering the latter part of your question on
the magnitude of the restructuring. It's pretty much in line with the guidance we gave you in Q2 for fiscal
year '20. $300 million to $400 million is the cost we would incur for the restructuring.

Now back to the first part of your question with respect to free cash flow. Free cash flow was exceptionally
strong in Q3 as we work through the backlog, right? So this has been very, very solid and, particularly, we
were able to work through the backlog and improve the cash conversion cycle. Also, we benefited from
temporary favorable timing of working capital, and that component will reverse in Q4. And so in Q4, like
I mentioned in my script, expect free cash flow to be lower than Q3 as a result of 2 components: one is
the restructuring cost; and number two, the working capital changes. And specifically, if you want a little
bit more guidance as to where in working capital the change will come, it's predominantly in payables that
you will see a change that will be adverse to the generation of free cash flow.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

I think there is another piece of this, Wamsi. Maybe, Tarek, you want to comment about the inventory side
of the house because we believe there is a lot of fluidity there. It's very fluid. And also, there are some
opportunities. Shannon asked that question. So we're going to play that market based on what we see
opportunity for us. And therefore, this -- in the end, this comes down to really the timing. The bottom line
is timing.

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. That's absolutely right. So one of the reasons why you may wonder why we don't guide on free
cash flow, although we guide on EPS, is because we do see opportunities that are available to us to take
advantage of from an inventory position standpoint. And we want to retain the flexibility to be able to
capitalize on those. Having said that, we do expect positive cash flow in Q4 lower than Q3 for the reasons
that I mentioned.

Operator

And our next question will come from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Can you put context around the $500 million of backlog worked down this quarter as it relates to the
overall size of excess backlog exiting April? And then as a follow-up, you talked about the really strong
growth in GreenLake and customers shifting to OpEx models, but ARR growth did decelerate. Maybe talk
through the factors that will get you back to the 30% to 40% growth target. And what the time line looks
like in terms of hitting that growth profile?

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So thank you, Katy, and I'm sure you will all be normalizing for backlog on every aspect of our
business, so I want to take the opportunity to clarify this and leaving no shadows for doubt. So as you

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

recall, in Q2, we said we exited with executable backlog in excess of $1.5 billion, which was 2x the level
that we would normally see in our operations, so essentially, $750 million above the level that we normally
have in our business. We reduced that $750 million by $500 million in Q3, the rest we believe we can
reduce by Q4. So even if you normalize for the $500 million, and I'll let you do all the calculations, you
will see that the underlying revenue performance Q3 on Q2 is better. And also, if you really ask where
did that backlog get reduced, in which segment, in particular, it was mainly Compute and a tiny bit in
Storage. That's where the $500 million come from. And even if you look at Compute back onto Wamsi's
questions before, and you normalize for the reduction in backlog, you will observe that Compute was
growing sequentially even after the normalization.

We also want to underscore the fact that the backlog reduction hides a little bit what happens at the gross
margin level, right? It's very difficult for you to see this at your end. But we did -- both of us reiterate the
fact that, with the pricing actions we have taken and once you normalized for backlog, both Compute and
Storage saw their underlying gross margins going up. And this is partly the reason why we've done so well
in growing our gross profit 8% sequentially in the year. So that, hopefully, answers the backlog question --
or part of your question.

On GreenLake, it's true that you're saying that Q-on-Q, the ARR decelerated, but the practical reality is
where you look at the lead indicators that make the ARR is the order growth. The order growth that we've
had in Q3, it's the record -- at record levels. We didn't experience an 82% order growth in GreenLake,
and we feel very good about this order growth because we're seeing bigger deals with larger companies.
And the companies that Antonio quoted are not small companies that typically start with a little spend
that is valuable on their IT infrastructure. These are bigger companies that are considering as-a-service
consumption as a new way to handle their IT expenditures. So Antonio, maybe you would like to add to
that?

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Actually, I will say a couple of things to that comment on the backlog, Katy. I mean this is product
shipped, right? Not all of the products was totally recognizable in the quarter, particularly in HPC because
if you remember right, in the HPC segment, we got to ship it, we have to install it, we have to turn it on,
and we have to run the test. And only and only when the customer signs up for the acceptance, then
we can recognize revenue. And that's why we still have quite an interesting opportunity in Q4 with HPC
in particular. But in Compute, once you ship it, you recognize it. So overall, very pleased with that. But
even when you factor the backlog out, we actually grew sequentially on net new orders. And the net
new orders, to Tarek's point, came at higher margins because of our pricing actions. The problem is the
backlog was kind of dilutive to the margins because we price-protect our customers, obviously, and we
stand on that commitment and also the channel, right?

On the GreenLake, I mean, this is an amazing performance. As I said in my comment, I think, it is, we
believe -- I believe, is faster growth than any cloud out there. And it has -- it really comes down to the
ability to provide a hybrid experience. What customers are telling us, they don't want to be on the wrong
side of the house anymore, but they understand they have to have apps and data everywhere. 70% of the
apps and data still on-prem, by the way, and more apps and data are moving to the edge. But ultimately,
even if they have apps and data in public cloud, they like the GreenLake because it provides them the cost
control, the managed aspect of it, and we can run it for them in a truly hybrid approach. And when they
keep the apps and data on-prem, we give them the exact same consumption model or whether they move
it to the edge. And their value proposition is resonating more and more because the world is hybrid, cloud
is an experience and, obviously, our software capabilities, they are playing a huge role together with our
innovation on the business model side and, obviously, the financing.

So that's what we see. And the ARR will take care of itself because, obviously, there is puts and takes
because, remember, ARR is a consumption-driven metric of it and, as we go forward, very, very confident
to hit that 30% to 40%.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Our next question will come from Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein.

A.M. Sacconaghi
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

I just wanted to revisit this question of demand trends and how backlog can impact it. So the way that I
think of it is, last quarter, you built backlog, so you didn't ship $500 million worth of stuff that you should
have shipped. And so if I adjust for that, last quarter should have been $500 million higher. In this quarter,
you actually shipped that and recognized $500 million, and so this quarter, adjusting for backlog, should
be $500 million lower. So if I look at that year-over-year revenue ex the $500 million boost in backlog, it's
down 13%. But more importantly, sequentially, if I make those 2 adjustments, revenue is actually down
about 3% sequentially, which should be a reflection of orders, if I make the backlog adjustment, and that's
below normal seasonal. And so a, is that incorrect an analysis? And b, I'd like to understand why that
wouldn't point to the fact that the order rate actually might be getting a little worse rather than getting a
little better? And I have a follow-up, please.

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Toni, it's Tarek here. So your math is right, but operationally, things are slightly different, meaning
if you normalize Q3 performance for the $500 million, yes, you get to $6.3 billion, but it's not entirely
operationally correct to add the $500 million to Q2 because as part of the backlog, you do have orders
that ship in quarter but are not invoiced. You do have all sorts of different effects that come into play that
distort that picture. So there is a limit to the normalization math that we can give.

The simple point is, it's all about timing. Look, it's all about timing. This revenue should have materialized
in fiscal year '20. It is materializing in fiscal year '20. And we're back to normalized levels of backlog by
the end of fiscal year '20. We've taken $500 million of backlog down. There's another, you've done the
math, $250 million to go. There's also another aspect that Antonio underscored before in HPC & MCS,
it's very, very important for all of you to understand and it's the following. Specifically for that segment,
it's slightly different than other segments because these systems are super sophisticated and even if we
ship and land the system on customer premises, before we can actually invoice the customer, there's a
technical acceptance process that takes place that delays our ability to invoice the customer.

And so that is also fundamentally changing the trajectory of HPC & MCS, and we see very, very strong
order demand in the public sector, which underpins the HPC & MCS segment, and you'll see the fruits of
that in the foreseeable quarters.

The conclusion of it is, whatever happens on backlog is an FY '20 phenomenon driven by COVID, and there
were -- essentially in Q1, the fact that we had, you remember, component shortages, the whole industry
experienced those, this translated in Q2 into manufacturing closures, where manufacturing was not at
the full level. And then now this issue has morphed into being, specifically for HPC & MCS, a customer
acceptance issue. So all in all, what matters is that the revenue of fiscal year '20 is actually the same if
you factor into the equation the fact that we will reduce the backlog we generated and we saw elevated at
the end of Q2, we'll turn that into revenue by the end of Q4 in full.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I think, Toni, the other part is that we reduced the backlog by $500 million, but not all of that
translated in Q3 because, again, the HPC side of this, it takes -- sometimes takes weeks, sometimes it
takes months. We have installations which are very large. It takes many, many weeks. And obviously,
the global pandemic, the COVID, is not allowing us to have a lot of people on site for cabling and all
that as well. And even if we ship it, in many cases, depending on the timing, on the kind of more of the
normal type of products, we may have a ship to, not invoice, which basically, yes, from the supply chain,
it was taken care, but not from the revenue recognition perspective. That type of situation gets resolved,
generally speaking, within a handful of weeks. On the HPC, it depends on customer by customer. But the
point on HPC is very strong and, obviously, we have a go-forward outlook for a month of business, which
is very sizable for us, and that's very good.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

A.M. Sacconaghi
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

If I could just quickly follow up. So if order rates are steady and you still have $250 million-plus in
backlog given HPC, should we be modeling normal seasonality, which is up maybe a couple of hundred
million sequentially plus $250 million to $300 million from backlog pushout? Is that -- isn't that the literal
interpretation of what you're suggesting?

And then just on the Compute margins. They were down 440 basis points year-over-year despite flat
volumes. Is that really the impact of the rising component prices? And should we expect that to reverse
pretty sharply as a result over the next couple of quarters as you pass through price increases?

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Okay. So I'd say, in simple terms, if you want to model this with seasonality factors that you've outlined,
that is potentially correct. The only major shift here is this: the tide has come down across the industry.
And it's not just for us, but overall, the level of demand is not going to be very quickly resuming to the
levels we witnessed in fiscal year '19. So the year-over-year compares that you're seeing are less and
less meaningful. And what matters more is what happens on a sequential basis. This is why we are
accentuating where we are recovering from Q2 into Q3 and now Q4 with the dynamics that Antonio
mentioned with respect to HPC & MCS and customer acceptances.

Toni, I apologize, could you repeat the second part of your question? I'm not sure I remember it.

A.M. Sacconaghi
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

It's just Compute margins year-over-year down 440, and does that improve as you pass along DRAM
pricing?

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. The answer is yes, Toni. That is correct. We've taken pricing actions. And as Antonio said, in these
situations, we've lived those before in 2018. As we raise prices, the margin expands, and the commodity
costs take longer to normalize or to revert back into a position when margins are deteriorating. And so we
do believe that at least in the short term, if the DRAM pressure continues, we will see margin expansion in
Compute.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

And the only thing I said, Toni, just to wrap the first part is that we feel confident that we will continue to
see performance improvement as we go forward on a sequential basis. Question is, by how much? But the
reality is about timing, it's about all these things that we just cover, converting orders and then ultimately
be able to recognize revenue. But at this time, my early comments were we expect continued sequential
performance improvement as we move forward.

Operator

Our next question will come from Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs.

Roderick B. Hall
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Yes. Thanks for the question. I'll make them quick as you're done at the end of the hour here. I wanted to
ask back on Compute. I think, Tarek, you had said AUPs are up 3% sequentially. Could you say what that
is year-over-year on AUPs for Compute? And then I'll just give you my follow-up now so you don't have to
come back to it. Could you just comment, maybe Antonio or Tarek, on visibility that you've got right now

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

on demand, given your little bit better commentary on demand than what we've heard from some other
big enterprise players?

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Sure, Rod. Thanks for the question. So I'll say, in Compute, units grew 36% quarter-on-quarter, while
AUP grew 3% quarter-on-quarter. I know you want the AUP on a year-over-year basis. I don't have that
handy with you. I can follow up and let you know what the answer is and the IR team will do that. And the
second part of your question?

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

And the second part of the question is about the demand visibility. As I said, it depends by customer
segment, depends by offer. Ultimately, what I see at this point in time is it has been steady, but the reality
is that there are areas that are stronger and there are areas that are weaker. But I think it points to the
diversification of our portfolio. We have a unique portfolio, and that's why we have a unique strategy
to become the platform edge to cloud. And I think -- as I think about that, obviously, there is a lot of
opportunities, particularly as we continue to pivot the company with more software and services-oriented
type of offers. And you can see even in Q3, some of the strength with big data storage; our Primera,
which is a software -- in essence, it is a software offering based on InfoSight, up over 100%. So these are
the things that will continue to drive growth. And if we can sustain -- the question was asked about the
Compute momentum, then you get that continued improvement, which we believe will be the case. But
HPC plays a huge role for us. Let me be clear about HPC. I am very bullish about that business.

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

And Rod, let me follow up on the AUP questions on a year-over-year basis. On a year-over-year basis,
units grew 3% and AUP was down 2%, that is the answer you were looking for. And on visibility, look, in
simple terms, it's better than in Q2, and that's the reason why we provide guidance. If we didn't have
confidence, we wouldn't be providing guidance if visibility were to be too low or too uncertain for us to do
so.

Operator

And our final question today will come from Amit Daryanani with Evercore.

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I just have a question around your margin structure. Fairly impressive, I think, 100 basis points op margin
uptick you guys saw sequentially. But when I kind of break it up, it looks like gross margins were down
170 basis points and maybe more than made up for that in SG&A and R&D curtailment. So could you just
maybe talk about, first off, gross margin decline? Was that all mix? Or were there other factors involved
in it? That would be helpful. And then the OpEx run rate you have today, is this a steady state number we
could think about as we go forward? Or was there more one-off things that helped you curtail it?

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Amit, for the questions. So yes, your observation is right, the gross margin went down 160
basis points as highlighted in our announcement, and we more than made that at the OP margin level,
with the OP margin at 7.1%. So what's driving that at the gross margin level is purely the mix. We
had more Compute revenue at lower margin. It's a mix issue. We did also articulate the fact that if you
normalize for backlog, which did have an impact on gross margins, both in Compute and Storage, our
gross margins would be up. But also, what you can see at OP margin is the fact that we are starting to
take cost out, and we are incurring restructuring costs as a result of this.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

I want to take the opportunity to remind everyone about our cost optimization and prioritization plan that
we announced in Q2. We took proactive steps to strengthen our financial profile. We're -- I would tell you,
I take a lot of pride about this one because we were prescient, and we did it on time, being hit very hard
in a full quarter of Q2 that was disrupted by COVID. And we are on track with that program to generate
net annualized run rate savings of at least $800 million by the end of fiscal year '22 relative to the fiscal
year '19 exit level, and with most of those savings achieved at the end of fiscal year '21. So hopefully,
that should give you some comfort with respect to also the visibility point. That's why we're saying, we
expect gradual performance improvements going forward knowing that we have taken actions with this
core transformation program that is about prioritizing and reducing costs where we can find opportunities
to do so.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I will say, just to wrap that up, I know that was the last question, there is always quite interesting
and significant opportunities. Remember that HPE Next was a very successful program for us and for our
shareholders, and this is the next iteration. But most importantly, this is all about executing our strategy
and align our resources to where we believe the growth is and continue to make this company even more
efficient on a foundation of work we did the last 3 years. So that's why we are very, very confident about
that. And we have a very strong discipline and track record, to be honest with you, while at the same time
we focus on innovation.

So I know we went a little bit longer, but we felt that it was important to give you as much clarity and
insight as possible. Again, I will wrap up by saying, very pleased with Q3. This was a quarter marked by
strong execution and, honestly, very strong sequential growth. While much of the uncertainty is still there
in the market and the global pandemic is still with us, we actually are cautiously optimistic, and we will
see quarter-over-quarter improvements going forward across our businesses and, at the same time, we
are investing into the future, which is essential for us, but I'm very pleased with our execution in the pivot
to as-a-Service. You can see the momentum there.

Hopefully, we will see you in October at the virtual event for the Securities Analyst Meeting. Thank you for
your time, and I hope to talk to you soon.

Operator
And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our call today. Thank you for attending, and you may now
disconnect your lines at this time.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

