Hormel Foods Corporation NYSE:HRL
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, May 21, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.43

0.42

(2.33 %)

0.39

1.75

1.85

Revenue  (mm)

2397.52

2422.46

1.04

2365.83

9741.23

10066.09

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-21-2020 1:00 PM GMT

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.36

0.47

0.46

0.43

0.37

0.47

0.45

0.42

2.78 %

0.00 %

(2.17 %)

(2.33 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

James N. Sheehan
Executive VP & CFO

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Nathan Annis
Director of Investor Relations

ANALYSTS

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Benjamin M. Theurer
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Erica A Eiler
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Heather Lynn Jones
Heather Jones Research LLC

Jonathan Patrick Feeney
Consumer Edge Research, LLC

Kenneth Bryan Zaslow
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Michael Scott Lavery
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Peter Thomas Galbo
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Pooran Sharma
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Thomas Hinsdale Palmer
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Hormel Foods
Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this
conference is being recorded, Thursday, May 21, 2020.

I would now like to turn the conference over to Nathan Annis, Director of Investor Relations. Please go
ahead, Mr. Annis.

Nathan Annis
Director of Investor Relations

Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the second quarter of fiscal 2020. We
released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 a.m. Eastern. If you did not
receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at hormelfoods.com under the Investors
section.

On our call today is Jim Snee, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim
Sheehan, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jim Snee will provide an overview of the
company's response to the COVID-19 pandemic, a review of the company's current and future operating
conditions and commentary regarding each segment's performance for the quarter. Jim Sheehan will
provide detailed financial results and commentary regarding the company's current and future financial
conditions.

The line will be open for questions following Jim Sheehan's remarks. [Operator Instructions] An audio
replay of this call will be available beginning at 11 a.m. today, Central Standard time. The dial-in number
is 888-254-3590, and the access code is 7355932. It will also be posted to our website and archived for
one year.

Before we get started, I need to reference the safe harbor statement. Some of the comments made today
will be forward-looking, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the
statements we will be making. Please refer to Pages 30 through 35 in the company's Form 10-Q for the
fiscal quarter ended January 26, 2020, in addition to a supplemental risk factor related to the COVID-19
pandemic included in our Form 8-K filed this morning. Both can be accessed on our website.

Additionally, please note, the company uses non-GAAP results to provide investors with a better
understanding of the company's operating performance. These non-GAAP measures include organic
volume, organic sales, adjusted pretax earnings, adjusted diluted earnings per share and operating free
cash flow. Discussion on non-GAAP information is detailed in our press release located on our corporate
website.

I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee.

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Nathan. Good morning, everyone. First off, I want to take this opportunity to express my
sincere appreciation to the essential workers showing up every day in food manufacturing facilities across
the industry. They should be recognized for the heroic and purposeful work they are doing, and they have
my most sincere appreciation and gratitude.

I also want to acknowledge the food industry employees who are showing their commitment every day
with the work they do, whether it be at grocery stores, food pantries, restaurants serving patrons or for
takeout, delivery or curbside pickup. And of course, a big thank you to the health care workers and first
responders who are keeping all of us safe.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Throughout this pandemic, our #1 priority has been to keep our team members safe, especially those
who are not in a position to work remotely. Our COVID leadership team, including operations, quality
control, communications, label, R&D and human resources have worked tirelessly to ensure we have
the appropriate enhanced safety measures in place, including personal protective equipment for all
plant team members, temperature and wellness screenings, frequent disinfecting of high-touch areas,
reconfiguration of common areas and workstations, revised shift scheduling, reducing production line
speeds, new guidelines on carpooling, more extensive social distancing measures throughout each facility
and, where possible, providing remote work opportunities and improved access to COVID-19 testing. I am
continually amazed in our management team's ability to find innovative ways to enhance employee safety
in our facilities.

Throughout this crisis, we have also been transparent with our team and the public about all we are doing
to put safety first. As part of our industry-leading safety measures, we have also developed an awareness
campaign we call KEEP COVID OUT!, a program that reinforces various preventative measures at our
production facilities and in the communities where we live and work.

As a global-branded food company, we play a critical role in providing safe, high-quality food during this
unprecedented time. As we all know, it has not been business as usual over the past several weeks, and
we will likely be in this new normal for some time. I am very proud of how all our team members have
stepped up and reacted to the rapidly changing dynamics in our industry.

Before I get into the quarterly results, I want to take a moment to tell you a few things about our
approach over the last several weeks that really stand out for me. I've told our team that we were made
for this, and the following are examples of what really makes this company so on top. As we progressed
into the initial stages of the pandemic, our senior leadership team agreed that we would do everything we
could to protect the jobs of our thousands of team members. Each day, I heard examples of our supply
chain team going above and beyond to shift production between plants or relocate where certain jobs
could be done. In many cases, these changes had never been done before. Balancing workloads across
plants in the manner we did was not the most cost-effective decision, but it was the right decision.

Another example of what makes this company uncommon is our commitment to making the best long-
term decisions for our team members, suppliers, customers and shareholders. Because of our stable cash
flows and strong balance sheet, we will not neglect any strategic investments during this uncertain time.
We have completed a comprehensive review of our capital projects and, in some cases, have slightly
delayed project completion because the additional capacity isn't needed right now. However, we continue
to move forward with many investments that will enhance our long-term performance.

One such investment is Project Orion. Our team's ability to effectively and efficiently work remotely has
allowed us to keep Project Orion on track, and we have made the decision to go live on our financial
system update in June. I know everyone on our finance team is committed to making the important
cutover a success. We are confident we will see the benefit from our financial system go live just as we are
seeing from our HR system upgrade completed in January.

I also want to take a few minutes to highlight key areas that are helping us weather this storm. First, our
creation of One Supply Chain 3 years ago has been instrumental in helping us manage this crisis from one
pivot point at an executive level. The quick decisions we made early on could not have been made in the
same way if we were operating 4 or 5 different supply chains.

Second, the significant investments we made several years ago in our e-commerce team, infrastructure
and capabilities positioned us to quickly grow in this emerging channel. During the quarter, our tracked
purchases through IRI were up over 100%, and our brands are significantly outpacing category growth
and capturing market share in many categories, across both center store and perimeter.

Finally, our decision late last year to transition the entire enterprise to one IT platform made virtual
coordination much easier than it otherwise would have been. While our decision to transition right before
the pandemic was serendipitous, our IT services group deserves a lot of credit for seamlessly transitioning
thousands of team members to working remotely in less than a week.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Now looking at our sales results for the quarter. The balance we have purposely built into our business
is a competitive advantage that has allowed us to perform well in many different economic situations,
including the current crisis. For the quarter, volume increased 4%, and organic volume increased 7%. We
delivered record sales for the quarter with an increase of 3%. Organic sales increased 6%. And 3 of our 4
segments delivered increases in sales.

From a channel perspective, total retail sales increased 16% during the quarter. We saw multiple different
waves of demand in our retail businesses, as the pandemic has unfolded. In the first wave, we saw
tremendous demand for nearly all of our center store brands. Our initial assessment was consumers were
stocking up. But as the weeks progressed, we continue to see sustained double-digit increases.

The second wave of demand took place as shelter-in-place restrictions were enacted across the country,
and consumers shifted from dining in restaurants to purchasing more perishable products across the
perimeter of the store. We continue to see perimeter sales increase at double-digit rates over last year.

Throughout the escalation in demand, we've seen a large increase in the number of new buyers and
households purchasing our branded products. What I'm particularly proud about is the number of
new buyers that are making repeat purchases of our brands. This is an important leading indicator as
consumers are using our products, enjoying the experience and repurchasing our brands.

I'm also encouraged by our team's ability to capture share in channels that were open and available,
namely the retail channel. From a total company perspective, we've significantly outperformed the
category, private label, other large brands and small brands. Our ability to capture market share is a
testament to our brands and direct sales force and also to our operations and supply chain team's ability
to ensure our products are on the shelf.

One dynamic from the pandemic that is affecting all of us is what is happening across the foodservice
industry. It's heartbreaking to see distributors, restaurants, hotels and many other foodservice venues
struggle to survive. I've seen estimates of thousands of restaurants across the United States could close
as a result of this crisis. Every entrepreneur behind each restaurant has a unique story of why and how
they chose to open their restaurants. Many of these restaurateurs are community members trying to make
their neighborhood a better place to live and work, and these closings are tragic.

Our foodservice divisions have been doing their part to help the foodservice industry. Within days of
the crisis, our Hormel foodservice group offered a rebate program to help offset operators' food costs.
This program was successful and exceeded our expectations. We're also working very closely with our
distributor partners to support their needs and have recently received accolades for our efforts.

And finally, we've talked a great deal about how our direct sales force is a distinct competitive advantage,
and no time is that more true than right now. Our sales team has been on the virtual front lines, helping
operators quickly adjust to takeout, delivery and curbside pickup with best-in-class guides and tips and,
sometimes, being the only supplier to personally check in with a restaurateur during this difficult time.

Like others in the industry, we saw a sharp decline in our foodservice business starting in late March. For
the quarter, our enterprise foodservice sales were down 21%. As you think about our domestic foodservice
business, it is primarily sold through the Refrigerated Foods and Jennie-O Turkey Store segments. Prior
to the outbreak, our foodservice business represented approximately 40% of sales in both segments, and
a majority of our operator customers are in key segments, such as mid-scale and casual dining, lodging,
K-12 schools, colleges and universities and health care. Each foodservice segment is experiencing different
dynamics during the shelter-in-place restrictions, and each will have a different recovery time line coming
out of the pandemic. Even though it is early in the third quarter, we are starting to see orders pick up
across our foodservice businesses.

From a financial perspective, we delivered earnings per share of $0.42. Jim Sheehan will provide more
details of the moving pieces, but I do want to mention that our earnings fully reflect $0.05 per share in
investment losses and increased supply chain cost related to COVID-19.

The high-level dynamic during the quarter was similar in each segment, namely demand shifts from
foodservice to retail and higher operational cost. However, each segment did experience some unique

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

circumstances, and I'll highlight those areas. Grocery Products volume increased 7%, and sales increased
8%. Organic volume increased 19%, and organic sales increased 20%.

We saw exceptional growth from nearly every brand, with some products delivering very strong double-
digit growth, including the SPAM family of products, SKIPPY Peanut Butter and Hormel Chili. Two keys
to Grocery Products' success during the quarter was the sales and marketing team's focus on limiting
production to our priority high-volume items and frequent conversations with our customers regarding
assortment and product availability. We know our center store brands are perfectly suited for value
consumers who need affordable, high-quality products for their families. With millions of Americans now
unemployed, our shelf-stable products are as important to consumers as they've ever been. Earnings
for Grocery Products increased 22%, despite the divestiture of CytoSport last year. Strong volumes and
improved mix were the key drivers to the double-digit increase. Jennie-O Turkey Store delivered a strong
quarter, with volumes up 19%, sales up 12% and a segment profit of 54%. Strong retail, whole bird and
commodity sales more than offset declines in foodservice. The Jennie-O sales and marketing group made
excellent progress, regaining distribution prior to the pandemic, which put them in a strong position to
succeed.

During the quarter, Jennie-O lean ground turkey sales increased by double digits. Higher sales and
operational improvements across the supply chain were the key drivers to earnings growth.

International volume decreased 2%, and sales increased 2%. Branded exports, primarily SPAM, offset
declines in our China foodservice business. Segment profit increased 62% due to higher branded export
margins and increased income from affiliates. I'm pleased to report our China plant operations are now
fully up and running to support our retail and foodservice businesses, as the country continues on its path
for reopening. Our foodservice business in China is improving off the lows we saw during the pandemic,
and we are seeing very strong demand from SPAM, SKIPPY and our Refrigerated Products at retail. The
team in China is working through higher pork prices, but are taking the necessary pricing actions to offset
cost increases.

Refrigerated Foods volume was flat, and organic volume was down 1%. Sales decreased 1%, and organic
sales declined 3%. Retail demand was led by products, such as Hormel Black Label bacon, Applegate
natural and organic products, Columbus grab-and-go charcuterie and HORMEL pepperoni.

We also finalized the acquisition of Sadler's Smokehouse during the quarter. The majority of Sadler's
sales are into the foodservice channel, but I've been impressed by the way in which this team has quickly
pivoted their production to meet the growing needs in retail. One unique trend we are seeing in the
marketplace is consumers searching for products that can replace a restaurant experience. Brands like
Sadler's Smokehouse and Lloyd's Barbeque fit that need perfectly. In fact, our retail lines at Sadler's and
Lloyds have been operating at capacity to meet the demand for their products.

Our foodservice business saw double-digit declines during the quarter. However, we are very confident
that, as the foodservice industry starts to open up, our product lines, featuring precooked, presliced and
premarinated products will thrive as operators look to simplified preparation and reduced handling of
products.

Our deli business experienced consumer dynamics that were a blend between retail and foodservice.
Products like Columbus grab-and-go charcuterie performed well, as consumers searched for unique and
flavorful products. We did see declines in the behind-the-glass and prepared food businesses, as many
retailers closed these areas to redeploy labor to other sections of the store. Earnings were down 17% due
to lower foodservice sales and higher operational costs, as we pause production at 2 plants during the
quarter. Jim Sheehan will provide more details regarding input cost volatility the Refrigerated Foods team
experienced during the quarter.

As we look forward, we are withdrawing our full year sales and earnings guidance. The decision to
withdraw guidance reflects uncertainty created by COVID-19 in several key areas, including consumer
behavior at retail and foodservice, volatility in our input costs and supply chain disruptions. Our team is
focused on these indicators to guide our decisions and investments in the coming weeks and months.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

First, we are paying close attention to consumer behavior across our entire portfolio. We're watching
consumer buying patterns in the retail channel With metrics, such as household penetration and repeat
rates. We're also watching how consumers emerge from shelter-in-place restrictions across the country
and reengage the foodservice industry. In addition to monitoring restaurant traffic, we're observing how
other segments in the foodservice industry, such as lodging, colleges and universities and K-12 education
reopen.

We're also actively managing through the volatility we're seeing in raw material markets. As I mentioned,
Jim Sheehan will provide a detailed assessment of the hog and pork industry of the recent periods of
operational pause and start-up in processing facilities across the industry are creating dramatic swings
in input costs. I have the highest confidence on our ability to pass along the necessary pricing, but we
may experience short-term margin compression or expansion as raw material markets adjust to the rapid
changes in supply and demand.

Finally, while we have implemented industry-leading safety measures, we have experienced operational
challenges at some of our facilities due to COVID-19, and we are strategically managing through
operational disruptions on a daily basis. These operational disruptions have led to incremental supply chain
costs. During the second quarter, our cost increased by approximately $20 million primarily related to
team member bonuses, enhanced safety measures and lower production volumes. In the second half, we
expect to incur another $60 million to $80 million of incremental costs that are temporary, and these costs
will be weighted to the third quarter.

In closing, I want to emphasize 3 points. First, our company was built for this. We have the right strategy,
sound business fundamentals, best-in-class management and the financial strength to thrive in this
dynamic marketplace. Second, we will not do anything to jeopardize our strong financial position. We are
well equipped to weather this storm and will be stronger because of it. Third, we have said from the very
beginning of this pandemic that our goal was to do our best to do everything right, from people safety, to
supporting our partners and customers, to ensuring America has food on its shelves, to donating millions
of dollars and millions of meals to hunger-related causes. Everything we are doing is in perfect alignment
with our purpose of inspired people, inspired food.

At this time, I will turn the call over to Jim Sheehan to discuss our financial information relating to the
quarter, provide commentary regarding key input cost markets and an update on our financial position.

James N. Sheehan
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Jim. Good morning.

Net sales increased 3% to $2.4 billion, a record for the second quarter. Organic sales were up 6%.
Segment profit increased 5% to $310 million, as double-digit growth from Grocery Products, Jennie-O
Turkey Store and International more than offset a decline in Refrigerated Foods.

Pretax earnings were $286 million, down 10%. Excluding the CytoSport gain last year, adjusted pretax
earnings declined 5%. This decrease included significant pauses on investments. The effective tax rate
was 20.6% compared to 11.1% last year. Last year's rate benefited from a tax gain on the CytoSport sale.

Earnings per share for the quarter was $0.42, down 19%. Adjusted earnings per share was down 9%.

Selling, general and administrative expenses increased year-over-year. Lower expenses last year were due
primarily to the gain from the CytoSport sale. Advertising for the quarter was $35 million, flat to last year.
Net unallocated expenses for the quarter increased $46 million. The increase was due primarily to $16
million related to the CytoSport pretax gain and $19 million in lower investment results from last year.

Operating margins were 12.1% compared to 13.3% last year. Additional cost included the important
investments in COVID-19-related employee safety measures and production professional bonuses. Both
reflect our commitment to our production professionals and ensuring their safety.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

The company continue to generate strong and stable cash flows, despite the impact of COVID-19. Cash
flow from operations and free cash flow more than doubled in the quarter compared to the prior year.
We recently renewed our shelf-stable registration statement and are considering near-term opportunities
to access the debt market at favorable interest rates to provide ample liquidity to take advantage of
strategic opportunities. The company's strong cash flow and balance sheet, along with the investment-
grade credit rating, allows us to manage risk as well as make strategic and long-term investments to drive
shareholder return, even in times of uncertainty. We are confident we will remain in a strong position to
fund our capital needs, including the dividend, capital expenditures and pension contributions as we grow
the business.

We paid our 367th consecutive quarterly dividend effective May 15 at an annual rate of $0.93 per share,
an 11% increase over 2019. Capital expenditures in the quarter were $80 million compared to $48 million
last year. Large projects for the remainder of the year include the Burke pizza topping plant expansion,
a new dry sausage facility and Project Orion. The company's target for capital expenditures in 2020 is
$340 million. We completed the purchase of Sadler's Smokehouse for $269 million during the quarter
using cash on hand. Share repurchases in the quarter were $12 million, representing 300,000 shares. We
repurchased stock to offset dilution from stock option exercises and based on our internal valuation.

The quarter was impacted by contrasting dynamic forces. Within an 8-week period, the industry
experienced the decline in foodservice demand, creating an oversupply of protein. This was quickly
followed by plant disruptions, which resulted in significant protein shortages. At the peak, in early May, the
industry was operating at 40% below capacity. The changing dynamics of supply and demand caused hard
swings in hog and commodity values, which have continued into the third quarter.

To illustrate the volatility, the USDA composite pork cutout declined 40% from March 23 to April 9. Since
April 9, prices have increased by as much as 140% to levels not seen since PEDV in 2014. Likewise, bellies
have traded between $40 and $270 per hundredweight since the beginning of April. Beef trim traded at
both 10-year lows and 10-year highs over the same period. The most recent USDA supply and demand
report estimates a 1% decline in hog production for the year, after estimating a 5% increase in the prior
month's report. We feel the hog and commodity values in the near term will be determined by industry
processing capacity. Additional plant disruptions will depress hog values and increase commodity values.
Alternatively, if the industry is capable of operating at near capacity levels, hog prices and commodity
values should moderate.

Worldwide demand for pork remains strong. We continue to monitor African swine fever in China,
Southeastern Asia and Europe. According to the USDA, exports are expected to increase greater than
10%. In the near term, we are closely analyzing 2 key factors: hog processing levels; and consumer
confidence as restaurants reopen. We are currently using multiple predictive analytic models to monitor
and forecast both factors.

We are actively managing industry capacity issues by leveraging the 3 ways we source raw materials:
internal processing; contracted sourcing; and purchasing primals on the open market. The supply chain
strategy is designed to mitigate volatility, though margins could expand and contract as pricing lags,
changes in cost. This can shift profitability between quarters.

Fundamentals in the turkey industry were mixed in the second quarter, but recent data indicates
improving conditions. Consistent with the pork industry, in the near term, we are focused on the ability
to maintain turkey operations in the industry and at our facilities. Poult placements in the last 6 weeks
have experienced meaningful declines. This should continue to reduce cold storage levels, which had
already significantly declined. We expect whole bird pricing to remain elevated compared to last year for
the remainder of the year. Turkey breast pricing was significantly lower in the second quarter, but pricing
has improved in the third quarter.

We successfully implemented the Oracle human capital management system of Project Orion in January.
As Jim Snee said, our team is credited with advancing Project Orion as we worked remotely with minimal
project delays.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

We are proceeding with the finance go-live in June. Our team is already benefiting from enhanced
analytics and improved demand planning. In June, we will introduce additional capacities, such as robotic
process automation and real-time data integration. Further implementation for the supply chain will take
place later in 2020 and 2021.
At this time, I'll turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question from Tom Palmer with JPMorgan.

Thomas Hinsdale Palmer
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

You gave some helpful detail on what you're seeing in the hog and pork market. I just wanted to ask
about how that translates to your results as you kick off the quarter, right? It would sound, I guess, on the
lean hog side, price is down quite a bit, but you guys historically have not always seen your costs track as
closely, just given your negotiated purchases. And then on the more pork input cost side, you're seeing
some pretty substantial increases. So are you kind of messaging that the quarter is going to start off a
little bit slower from a profit standpoint and then you would look to adjust pricing and kind of recapture
those input costs? Or did I miss here?

James N. Sheehan
Executive VP & CFO

Tom, first of all, the most important thing on pricing is going to be the ability to keep the plants running
and the processing capacity. And right now, that seems to be happening, but there's a great deal of
uncertainty as to what plants are going to be hit and the volume impact those interruptions will have. So
that's the most important thing as you look at our quarter. That can create the volatility that you've talked
about.

The other thing that's happening in the industry is that primals or items, raw materials that require
additional processing are much more expensive than the less processed items. My example would be hams
right now are running at about $35, but 72% trim today is $125. Normally, you would take those hams
and you'd bone them because of that price discrepancy in the 2 items, and you'd bone the hams for trim.
But right now, it's hard to find the labor with the absenteeism that's in the plants to do that boning. So
there's quite a bit of diversity in the pricing of the primals right now.

As far as hog prices, today, hog prices are at about $39 as the Western Corn Belt. And last quarter, our
pricing for hogs were not far off of the average Western Corn Belt. I think it was about mid-$50s, $54, $55
in that range. The only thing that was a bit above average for us were grain-based contracts. And so hog
pricing for us is not out of line of what you're seeing in the Western Corn Belt.

We're watching the input cost greatly, and you're seeing the volatility. I mean take a look at 72% trim.
It was as low as $34 in the second quarter, went as high as $145 in the second quarter. That compares
against a $68 price today, and it's at $125. You've got bellies that range from $41 at the low to $267 at
the high, averaged about $113. And it's dropped to $94 just the last week. So it's really hard to read
the -- or estimate the primal values, the raw material cost, but watch what's happening in the plant
performance. Again, as I said it -- said before, if we're able to keep plants, both the industry and our
plants running at about capacity, we think there'll be a moderation in both hog prices and overall primal
values. Hope that helps.

Thomas Hinsdale Palmer
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

That does. And then just wanted to ask on the Jennie-O side, the volume growth. I think, traditionally,
about 3/4 of your product has been internally supplied. I'd be surprised if you were able to boost slaughter
volumes by as much as that segment's volumes were up. So could you just talk about your purchases
this quarter? Any changes to inventory levels and then how you're thinking about kind of the mix versus
slaughter and purchases going forward?

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Yes. Tom, I mean, obviously, we're very pleased with the quarter that JOTS had. Really good work. Coming
off of -- coming out of our first quarter call, we talked about what they had done in distribution and really
what they've continued to do, especially on lean ground turkey. They've been able to really move through
some of that inventory because we've had -- the business has been driven across the entire portfolio. So
whether it was retail, whole birds, commodities, it's been a really, really good mix of products that have
put them in a great position in the quarter.

In regards to some of the actual harvest volumes and some of those questions, we'll have Nathan follow
up with you on that level of detail. But just overall, really strong demand across many areas. Good quarter
for JOTS.

Operator

We'll go to our next question from Heather Jones.

Heather Lynn Jones
Heather Jones Research LLC

Just wondering, when you talk about foodservice and the Refrigerated Foods business, I guess a 2-
part question. Just wondering if you could give us a sense of what proportion of that is like the QSRs or
the pizza takeout change versus like the hotels, institutions business. And then the second part of the
question is just as you've talked about you start to see this demand come back. If you could just give us
some sense of the magnitude of the recovery you're seeing.

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure. Thanks, Heather, for the question. Our foodservice business really was off to a great start this
year. And in the quarter, we saw some really strong growth through mid-March and then a sharp decline
through the end of the quarter. We talked about business being down 21%. As we think about the
channels where we compete, we have a very balanced foodservice business. And so if you think about
lodging, college, universities, K-12, mid-scale casual chains, a really, really nice balance.

When you talk about QSR, if you're talking about traditional burger chains, probably don't have a lot of
business there. But if you think about locations that still have drive for business available to them, we
have quite a bit of business in that channel, if you want to call it that. And so a very balanced model
across foodservice.

And as we're starting out the third quarter, we talked about it's early. We're seeing some demand pickup.
The part that is really hard to read at this point, and we'll be watching closely, is that pipeline filled or is it
true consumer demand. So we're certainly not spiking the ball. We know we're going to have to watch it
closely over the weeks and months ahead. But from where we sit, we feel like we're well positioned here.
We talk about our direct sales force that's able to pivot and get out in front of operators as their world has
changed dramatically. The products that we've spent years and years creating, Austin Blues, Fire Braised,
Bacon 1, Café H, all so well positioned for this new environment.

And so, obviously, we got to watch what happens with capacity, patron comfort level, the speed and
magnitude of rebound. So lots of uncertainty there. But when it's all said and done, we've got an amazing,
amazing foodservice group that I know put us in a great position to win.

Heather Lynn Jones
Heather Jones Research LLC

And then my second question is on -- Jim Sheehan, you mentioned utilization of the plant for the industry
and for Hormel. I was wondering if you could give us a sense of -- with the CDC guidelines, et cetera,
what do you think over the next 6 to 12 months is the feasible max utilization for these plants? And are
you guys having issues with getting labor to debone hams? Or should -- or would you be able to take
advantage of those cheap ham cost for your trim?

James P. Snee

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Heather, I'll go ahead and take that one. I mean I think that the thing to remember in our facilities,
we're -- we don't own any of the harvest facilities. So as you think about our processing plants, it is a
different business. And so, yes, we do have some lines, some areas where it is hard to socially distance.
Our team has done an amazing job putting in those enhanced safety measures and really meeting or
exceeding CDC and OSHA guidelines. In those plants, I mean, we've seen some lines have to slow down.
But I wouldn't say that it's anything that's going to have a dramatic impact on the business long term. The
shorter-term issue is as you do have more and more positive cases and you get some absenteeism, that's
the short-term issue that really is impacting the capacity in some of these plants.

And so we're in a much better place in terms of understanding how to manage through the process. All
of our plants are up and running today. And really, one of the keys, as we've progressed through this
pandemic, is the fact that additional testings has really allowed us to maintain the understanding of what's
happening and who's positive, who's negative, who has to sit out and who can come back to work. So
having more testing widely available has really been a great thing. And I think you'll continue to see that
be a benefit as we look to maintain our operations.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Rupesh Parikh with Oppenheimer.

Erica A Eiler
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

This is actually Erica Eiler on for Rupesh. So you talked about -- a little bit about what you're seeing in
the foodservice channel here so far early in Q3. Is there any color you can provide on what you're seeing
within the retail channel lately?

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure. I mean we continue to see very strong dynamics, strong business in the retail channel, both in
center of the store and in the perimeter of the store. We've been really pleased with what's happened in
Grocery Products, as we've been able to add households, bring new consumers into the mix. I would say,
early on,in the crisis, there was this view that it was all just stocking up or pantry loading. But over time,
we've seen the velocity. We've seen the sustained demand. So we know that there's a lot of new buyers
and stronger new buyer repeat percentage. So that has held up on the retail side of the business, both
center of the store and our perimeter.

Erica A Eiler
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Okay. Great. And just given the challenges in foodservice due to this unprecedented environment, can you
talk about your ability to convert some of your foodservice supply into the grocery retail channel and some
of the things you've been doing on this front?

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure. Yes, early on, I mean, we had our retail team collaborating with our foodservice team. And where
there were opportunities to repack products, we certainly took advantage of that. The government eased
some of the labeling requirements, which was a positive, as we were able to move more products into the
channel. But then the demand was so great. We had a number of retailers who were less concerned about
maybe the retail packaging and just wanting product available for shelf. So we started to sell foodservice-
packed items into retail channels as well. So it's really been a little bit of everything in terms of converting
some foodservice lines into retail, moving foodservice product into retail, all with this idea of how are we
helping retailers meeting the increased demand.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Your next question from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal.

Kenneth Bryan Zaslow
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

When you emerge from the new COVID-19 environment or the new normal, how ever you want to put it,
will Hormel's earnings strength be stronger, weaker or the same? And what financial measures will you
think about when you emerge? And how do you frame it?

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. It's a great question, Ken. I think when you say when you emerge, clearly, you have to take out
the next few quarters just based on the uncertainty that we talk about and really the industry is talking
about. I mean from our perspective, we're thinking 2-plus years out. And what we are really confident in
is this balanced model that we've intentionally and purposely built and talked about tirelessly over the last
number of years. And it's so important because it really allows us to meet the consumer wherever they
choose to go. And so in the midst of this crisis, obviously, you had foodservice operations shutting down,
so the consumer behavior was forced. But they had to choose perimeter, center of the store, and we were
there front and center, right, center store, perimeter, deli, e-commerce. And so we feel really good about
the balanced business model we've created.

The other thing that we feel really good about is the way that we've been able to provide value, variety
and versatility across this entire portfolio. And so again, as the consumer evolves out of this crisis, where
are they going to go? With the number of unemployed Americans now, value is of more importance,
certainly, in the shorter term than it's ever been. And we're there. And then if there is a consumer trend
that emerges in a big way that maybe we're not competing in today, this balance sheet that we talked
about, that Jim Sheehan referenced, I mean, it really allows us to quickly pivot and become competitive,
either by building or buying.

And so, I mean, we remain very bullish on our earnings power over the long term, as you would imagine,
but I think there's some really good data and support behind why we feel so bullish. And so lots of great
opportunities in the short term, but we think we're well positioned over the long term as well. Hopefully,
that's helpful, Ken.

Kenneth Bryan Zaslow
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

I guess what I would say is, to what extent do you think the cost structure will increase and be
permanent? And if foodservice loses, say, 200 to 500 basis points, are you in a better position or a worse
position, I guess, is kind of what I'm -- and you did also mention there you're potentially taking on more
debt for strategic opportunities. What does that mean? So again, I guess, a 3- or 4-part question, and I'll
leave it there.

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, yes. No, I mean, it's a great question. But again, it's -- so if foodservice does have a permanent
decline, where does that business go, right? And so does it go to our Grocery Products organization? Is it
going into more fresh meat? I mean that part is still really too early to tell in terms of what is the more
permanent consumer behavior. We need to see that play out over time. I think what we're really trying
to say is no matter where it goes, we'll be there to be able to capitalize on it. I mean our goal, obviously,
is to maintain and return to the business that we have because, obviously, we know that our foodservice
business is very competitively advantaged.

In terms of what we talked about, some of the short-term financial opportunities, I mean, clearly, we don't
know what's going to happen as this crisis keeps dragging on. And so we just want to make sure, a, that
we're well positioned not only for our existing business, but if opportunities arise to be able to quickly take
advantage of it.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

James N. Sheehan
Executive VP & CFO

Ken, regarding the debt, we do have some debt, $250 million, that matures in April of next year. So it's
within one year. Obviously, interest rates are very favorable right now. We think that there will be an
interest in Hormel in the market, so we think that those favorable interest rates will be passed on to us
if we decide to go out there. And as Jim said, we want to be well positioned for any opportunities that
exist during this time period and as we come out of this time period to pivot and take advantage of those
markets that may provide opportunities, either new markets or existing markets where we can expand,
whether by building within that structure or acquiring.

Operator

Our next question from Peter Galbo with Bank of America.

James N. Sheehan
Executive VP & CFO

Operator, you can move to the next person in the queue.

Operator

One moment, please.

[Technical Difficulty]

Nathan Annis
Director of Investor Relations

To all the listeners, please stand by. Our operator is having technical difficulties. Thank you.

Operator

Okay. Peter Galbo you may go ahead with your question.

Peter Thomas Galbo
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Can you hear me?

Nathan Annis
Director of Investor Relations

Yes, we can.

Peter Thomas Galbo
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Okay. Great. Jim, thanks again for the help just kind of in thinking about the 3 different ways that you
source. I guess I just want to focus in on kind of the sourcing of primals. I think a few years ago, you had
given a number that it's around $700 million to $900 million annually that you kind of purchase externally
in a given basis. I just want to make sure that, that's still a good number. And maybe forgetting about
kind of the inflation and pricing you've seen for a moment. Has the ability to physically secure supply of
product at least improved at all from, say, kind of the end of April through the first couple of weeks in
May? And then I have a follow-up as well.

James N. Sheehan
Executive VP & CFO

Certainly. And I think that's what you're seeing. As I said, you saw bellies at $267 during the depth of
the decline in operations, and now they're back at $94. And you're seeing the movement. As plants come
online and start to understand how to operate at this level, you're seeing those prices decrease. Obviously,
those are market prices. Right now, we're not doing a lot of buying on the open market. The product that
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

we're getting through, our internal sources and our contracted sources, are providing enough volume for
us, as you've seen the decline in the foodservice industry, the demand from foodservice industry. Again, it
depends on what items you're looking for as to how easy they are, a very -- a bone-in ham, you can find
any place. But again, it's -- you have to find an operation that has the ability to source if you're looking for
trim. So it takes some work, but we've been doing this for a long time. We have a highly skilled staff that
have long relationships and I think suppliers who appreciate operating with Hormel. So those relationships
have helped us through this process. You've seen this in the beef industry, where you have beef 50's that
have been as high as $326. But as operations have come back online, they're at $198. So it's something
that you have to be skilled at, but it's something that we're able to handle.

Peter Thomas Galbo
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Got it. Okay. And then just the second question. The retail sales number that you quoted of up 16% kind
of seems to imply that maybe you undershipped consumption relative to what we saw in the scanner data.
Was there any inventory drawdown on the part of the retailer or some of your distribution partners that we
would have seen? Or is it really that we should expect to kind of see a pipeline, already filled, so to speak,
going into the third quarter?

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

I mean, again, it's early in the third quarter. But so far, retail business, both center of the store and the
perimeter, is holding up and it's strong. I think, from an inventory perspective, any inventory retailers had
or -- and any inventory that we have on some of the high-volume items, those are pretty well cleared, and
you're dealing with all current production levels. I mean our IRI data is still really, really strong. We grew
share on a number of categories, again, both perimeter and center of the store, so really pleased about
where the business is.

The part that we've touched on in our comments that we're also really pleased with is our e-commerce
business. We made significant investments a couple of years ago, and we've seen those investments
pay off, very strong growth, capturing share, not only brick-and-mortar, but virtually. And we think we'll
continue to see that as a growth engine as consumers continue to get comfortable shopping online,
whether it's delivery or click-and-collect. So we would say, retail business across the board, in-store, e-
commerce, all really strong, Peter.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

So I guess, first question, just a clarification. The $20 million of cost, the pricing cost you incurred in the
quarter, and the $60 million to $80 million you expect to incur over the balance of the fiscal year, just can
you help us think about where those actually fell in the segment perspective, just so we can understand
kind of how the comps play out next year if most of those don't repeat?

James N. Sheehan
Executive VP & CFO

So in the second quarter, most of that cost came within JOTS and Refrigerated Foods, probably JOTS --
or Refrigerated Foods had a little bit higher percentage, and that had to do with some early interruptions
in processing that we saw in Refrigerated Foods. And then it was followed later by some additional safety
measures that we took. And to be very honest, we set a priority of employee safety. And we didn't do a
lot of negotiation when it came time to going out, getting the protective gear or taking other actions. We
acted quickly, so that we could provide that assurance to our employees. As we go forward, I think that
you're going to look at it as to the volume of operations in Refrigerated Foods and Grocery Products will
both see a portion of that expense. Probably, the highest will fall within Refrigerated Foods, then Jennie-

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

O and then Grocery Products is if you think about it roughly. But it's a changing dynamic. That's what we
expect right now. But with the uncertainty that's going on in the operations right now, it could shift.

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

And Adam, I mean, just remember, the plant pauses started at the end of Q2. But really, the majority that
we've seen are in Q3. Jim referenced the lower volumes, lower tonnages. Don't forget that we've paid
significant team member bonuses as well. So the good news is, right now, all of our plants are up and
running.

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

All that makes sense. And then my second question is in the grocery business, where you've had this big
surge in sales for the legacy canned goods business. So for peanut butter, how are you thinking about kind
of how much inventory is in consumer pantries at this point? And kind of any hangover as you get into the
later parts of the year if that gets drawn down? Or do you think that the surge in retail sales are actually
being consumed reasonably in realtime that there might not be a hangover?

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. I think I talked about it a little bit earlier is the early read probably by a lot of companies was that it
was a stock-up or pantry loading. But what we have seen is, again, not only the new households, but the
strong repeat rates, the velocities are good. And even the new buyers, there's a good new buyer repeat.
And so are there some brands on some categories? Perhaps. But I think our big brands, when you think
about SKIPPY, when you think about SPAM, when you think about Hormel Chili, those items seem to be
really clearing, not only the retailer, but, obviously, the households as well. And so what does that mean
for later in the year? I don't know that it's as much about the brands and how much they have in the
pantry, as much as what happens with that consumer behavior, as foodservice perhaps starts to open
up a little bit more, and is there pent-up demand as consumers maybe don't want to be eating at home
and they want to migrate to foodservice operations. That's the uncertainty that we're thinking about and
talking about. But as far as the Grocery Products business and the lift in sales and the repeats, we've been
really, really pleased.

Operator

We'll go to our next question from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler.

Michael Scott Lavery
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Just starting with a follow-up to Ken's question. I understand your thinking on just capital strategy and the
debt. But can you give us a sense of how actively you might be pursuing things like M&A?

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. I mean from our activity level and how active we are, I mean, nothing's changed. I think the big
change is what's happening in the marketplace, as just a lot of organizations have really had to hit the
pause button. So I think we continue to look at a number of different processes, evaluate opportunities.
But clearly, the market itself is not as active as it was. So when -- it's really hard to read when that will
pick up. But I mean we're continuing the very active process that we always have.

Michael Scott Lavery
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Okay. That's helpful. And just on the export outlook, can you give us a sense of what your expectations
are there? And what if any political risk do you think there is of pork going to China, especially if there
were to be any instances of shortages here in the U.S.?

James N. Sheehan
Executive VP & CFO

Well, the USDA is expecting exports to be greater than 10% is what their outlook is. As we've had an
interruption in operations, I think it's added some concern about whether we'll be able to meet that level
or not. But I think there's still a demand for pork from the United States to be exported out. Political
activity, I guess, I'll pass on.

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. That's really hard to tell. I mean, obviously, we've seen a lot in the technology space. But people
need to eat, and so that's really kind of hard -- that's kind of hard to predict.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Look, I'm trying to do a better job of forecasting your grocery division. And looking at our retail tracking
data, you've indicated sales up 48% just for that divisional alone. And Jim Snee, I know you've said that
the retail tracking is doing really well. But is there any reason you don't want to give us exactly what the
IRI data is telling you it is? It would be very helpful to us as we try to correlate your shipments to your --
to the retail tracking, so that we don't overestimate it. You're kind of touching around on it, but was there
any reason you don't want to get us like the total number for that grocery division growth? It's the easiest
thing for us to forecast from the sell side.

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. I mean, Rob, I guess, we're not -- we don't have anything that we don't want to tell you about any of
our businesses. I mean I guess our position is our -- all of our Grocery Products data, meat products data
or retail data in general is really, really strong. So maybe we can help you do a better job of predicting.
It might be worthwhile in your follow-up call with Nathan to maybe get into a little more detail just so we
understand and make sure we're talking the same way. But like I said, from a broader sense, our retail
business has been really strong across the board.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Well, maybe I'll follow up this way. You said that your retail shipments are up 20%. Is that consistent with
your IRI tracking data? Is that up 20%? Because our data would indicate it's up more than that.

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. I mean we've got obviously some unmeasured channels in there. And I think, again, it would be
better -- probably better if you guys -- you and Nathan kind of walk through maybe channel by channel
just so you get to a better number.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. My follow-up actually is on the Austin facility. I thought actually that your facility would get some of
the excess live hogs from other facilities nearby that had closed entirely. And it would actually have pretty

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

strong first quarter margins as a result. Is that just kind of making too many assumptions? Or is it not
possible to get extra volume from other plants nearby that have closed?

James N. Sheehan
Executive VP & CFO

Well, the facility really had few interruptions during the quarter. We harvested all of our contracted
hogs, so our first obligation are to the producers that we have long-term contracts with and long-term
relationships with. So we have harvested on Saturday. We take these decisions about when we operate
the plant as to when it's best financially to operate the plants. There were periods of time when, for
instance, the demand in foodservice was so far down, there was no reason at all that you would extend
your processing capacity. So we've managed the plant in a very reasonable, thoughtful way. But we are
not going to short cut our long-term relationships that we have with our producers to harvest another
company's hogs.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Ben Bienvenu with Stephens Inc.

Pooran Sharma
Stephens Inc., Research Division

This is actually Pooran on for Ben. Just wanted to follow up on M&A front. I know you guys have said your
strategy kind of remains constant. But on the foodservice and the deli front, I mean, these have clearly
been strong drivers of growth for the company. Are you seeing any changes in valuations or greater
willingness to sell in the marketplace given the sharp drop in demand that we have seen?

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Are you talking about M&A opportunities?

Pooran Sharma
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Correct. Yes.

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

As I said a little while ago, I mean, I think the -- there's almost been a pause in that activity. And so it's
really hard to make a statement around valuations just because we haven't really seen the activity. The
evaluation process that we're going through is active and consistent, but really wouldn't be in a position to
make a comment on valuations as of yet.

Pooran Sharma
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Okay, okay. Great. That's fair. I just wanted to get your take on the performance of the International
business, which was up quite strong. Could you just dive into that a little bit more and just help us think
about that business in the next couple of quarters and maybe just the important moving pieces?

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. So I think, as we look out, I mean, we expect the demand for SPAM on a global basis to remain very
strong. We also expect export demand for SKIPPY to be strong. We expect China to continue to improve,
especially in the foodservice space. In China, the retail business really remained strong with SPAM and
SKIPPY and our Refrigerated Products, both in store and e-commerce. So as we look forward, probably the
biggest difference is the continual build of the China foodservice business, which we expect to continue to
improve as they emerge from their lockdown.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Operator

We'll take our next question from Ben Theurer with Barclays.

Benjamin M. Theurer
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Actually, I wanted to follow up a little bit on retail and what we've been talking in the past. You have the
more medium-, long-term target, new products, innovation and to actually get basically a contribution
from sales, about 15% from innovative products. So wanted to understand within the more recent
dynamic, within the retail channels, could you share a little more detail on repeat rates, purchases
amongst like called the very well-established, long-lasting brands, such as SPAM, SKIPPY, Hormel Chili
versus then the more newer brands or the innovated ones and the innovation, just to understand how
velocity in the different subcategories is running? That would be great.

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Ben, why don't we start with the -- really the first part around innovation. And what's been really
impressive across our organization, even though that we've moved to working virtually, is our innovation
hasn't slowed down at all. Our team has done an amazing job being able to work virtually on the
innovation process. In fact, I know it's a number that we usually report at the end of the year, but, of
course, we track it throughout the year, and we met our 15% innovation goal. And so the results that
we're seeing are really, really positive. And there's just lots of great innovation work being done, not
only in terms of the R&D process, but being able to get them out in the marketplace, having virtual
product showcases, virtual cuttings. And the innovations across the entire pipeline, so whether it's SKIPPY,
pepperoni, Natural Choice, HAPPY LITTLE PLANTS, I mean, you name it, the innovation work continues.

In terms of repeat rates, again, SPAM has one of the highest new buyer repeats. And so a brand that's
over 80 years old, as we've said, it's probably more relevant today than it's ever been. The repeat rates
for items like Herdez, Black Label bacon, I mean, all really, really strong. So again, kind of piggybacking
on my earlier comments, just very pleased with the retail performance, new buyers, strong new buyer
repeat in store, e-commerce, just a lot to feel really good about in the retail business.

Benjamin M. Theurer
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. Perfect. And then my follow-up question, I mean, very clear on the $20 million now and the $60
million to $80 million for the remainder of the year, and you said that most of it is actually nonrecurring.
But I could imagine that part of it must be, to a certain degree, recurring in terms of some of the PPE and
some of maybe the social distancing that you have to bear in mind. So if you could share a little bit more
medium-term outlook, would you think a potential cost burden could be once things are back to a more
normal level, but maybe not a perfectly normal level?

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Right. Well, I mean, I think the things that will -- that won't be reoccurring over the long term, right? So
we have team member bonuses that are built into those numbers. I mean over the long term, we don't
expect those to be reoccurring. We're suffering from some lower tonnages in plants right now. Over the
long term, we expect that business -- those businesses to rebound. And so we won't have that part. But
we are going to have PPE costs. So whether it's masks, face shields, putting up dividers in the plants to
make sure that there's that distance, that separation, I mean those things are going to be there on a
permanent basis. And so we're right now evaluating which of those costs are temporary and which are
more permanent that will need to be passed along. And so this is -- again, our #1 priority has been to
keep team members safe at all costs. As Jim said, we weren't negotiating prices. We were negotiating
supply. And then the second was to keep the product on the shelf, which we've done in an amazing way.
And then really, our third objective, as we go forward, is really understand what costs are permanent,
what costs are temporary. So this is all a work in process.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

James N. Sheehan
Executive VP & CFO

And the one thing that I would point out is that many of these costs are industry costs, and we'll be --
every participant in the market are going to have these types of costs. The other thing is we haven't had
time to build efficiency around some of these things. We've been reacting to putting the fires out, let's say.
And as we have more time to look at line speed and social distancing and the cost around those, we'll be
able to build efficiencies into the model. So what we're trying to do is to analyze these expenses that were
just short-term expenses and, to some degree, have to be absorbed and then building a more efficient
process with the way that we will have to operate in the future. And we will certainly be able to do that.
But right now, we're just reacting to the changes. We'll get better as we go through.

Operator

We'll take our last question from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge Research.

Jonathan Patrick Feeney
Consumer Edge Research, LLC

I was wondering if it's possible to quantify the effect of profit mix, both within Grocery Products and within
Refrigerated Foods because it strikes me -- and I say if it's possible because I know what you're making on
a given product is all over the place when cuts are all over the place. But if you could imagine a 2019 or
more normal sourcing environment, I'm trying to understand how structurally the products that declined
compared to the products that grew in terms of the structural kind of profit you'd expect to make in a
normal sourcing environment. So the purposes of just looking at where the business comes out, maybe a
little bit -- getting a little bit more detail on that. I think Ken has asked you a similar question about that
structural profitability earlier.

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. I think, Jonathan, there's some things to consider. I mean, obviously, Grocery Products have a really
nice margin structure. The growth that we saw in SPAM drives a lot of that. The other part that makes
it really difficult, as Jim talked about, is this volatility that you see within the quarter. And so we're still
feeling through that. And to get to a normalized number is difficult. The foodservice piece, again, different
parts of foodservice. We've got some higher-margin precooked, presliced, premarinated. You also have
elements of that are going to be commodity in terms of risks that are going to barbecue businesses. So
the thing to remember is, I mean, we'll -- as Jim said, we'll be able to fulfill the efficiencies and processes,
but we'll also make sure that pricing is adjusted over the long term. And there's really 2 components
to consider. And we talked about the markets. We've already taken pricing on certain products, such
as bacon that's moved in a very volatile way. Some products are more CPG-like, and we're monitoring
those markets. And then as the conversation we just had around supply chain costs, right? We have
to understand which are temporary, which are permanent, which are going to have to be passed along
over the long term. So it is a difficult question, and there's a lot of moving parts that we'll continue to be
working on over the months ahead.

James N. Sheehan
Executive VP & CFO

I think one way to look at it is, as we move, especially around foodservice into a more user convenient
products, that's going to add value both to Hormel and to our operators. And that clearly seems to be
a shift that's going to happen in the foodservice industry, where there'll be less desire to touch those
products. And when you think about our Bacon 1 and some of the other products we offer, those have nice
margins on our side and the opportunity for the operator to expand their margins, too. So we think that's
a win-win opportunity.

Operator

At this time, I'd like to turn the call back to Mr. Snee for any closing or additional remarks.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, thank you. On behalf of the team here at Hormel Foods, I want to thank you for listening in today
and being patient with our technical difficulties.

Now this is an uncommon company with an incredible 129-year history. We have weathered many storms
during those 129 years, and we will weather this storm because we were made for this.

I wish all of you an enjoyable Memorial Day weekend, and please stay safe and healthy.

Operator
This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

