Henry Schein, Inc. NasdaqGS:HSIC
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Monday, November 02, 2020 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.80

1.03

Revenue  (mm)

2463.23

2840.15

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-02-2020 2:00 PM GMT

28.75

15.30

0.93

2.67

3.66

2677.90

9416.46

10382.34

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.91

0.74

(0.12)

0.80

0.97

0.94

0.00

1.03

6.59 %

27.03 %

NM

28.75 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
HENRY SCHEIN, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Carolynne Borders
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Stanley M. Bergman
Executive Chairman & CEO

Steven Paladino
Executive VP, CFO & Executive
Director

ANALYSTS

Glen Joseph Santangelo
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Jeffrey D. Johnson
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Jonathan David Block
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Nathan Allen Rich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Stephen Christopher Beuchaw
Wolfe Research, LLC

Steven James Valiquette
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HENRY SCHEIN, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein Third Quarter 2020 Conference
Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded.

I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Carolynne Borders, Henry Schein's Vice President
of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Carolynne.

Carolynne Borders
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Regina, and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's results for the
third quarter of 2020. With me on the call today are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief
Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer.

Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information
that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may
affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may
materially differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-
looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including in the Risk Factors section of those filings.
In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including end market growth rates and market
share, are based upon the company's internal analysis and estimates.

Our conference call remarks will include both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. We believe the non-
GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial
performance of our business, enable the comparison of financial results between periods where certain
items may vary independently of business performance and allow for greater transparency with respect
to key metrics used by management in operating our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are
presented solely for informational and comparative purposes and should not be regarded as a replacement
for corresponding GAAP measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP measures can be found
in the supplemental information section of our Investor Relations website and in Exhibit B of today's press
release, which is available in the Investor Relations section of our website as well.

The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the
date of the live broadcast, November 2, 2020. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update
any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. [Operator
Instructions]

And with that said, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.

Stanley M. Bergman
Executive Chairman & CEO

Good morning, everyone. Thank you for coming, and thank you, everyone, for calling into today's call.
Needless to say, 2020 has been an extraordinarily challenging and unpredictable year for our team,
customers and, of course, suppliers. I commend the work and sacrifice with Team Schein to support
business continuity for our customers.

The pandemic caused disruption to supply chain as suppliers reacted to increase demand for PPE, in
particular, and other products as well, and shortages of raw materials were experienced throughout the
marketplace, both domestically and international, made for much of the -- for many of the products, shall
we say, that we offer. As a result of the hard work and dedication of the team throughout the COVID-19
crisis, we are ready to assist our dental and medical customers deal with emergencies, while many of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HENRY SCHEIN, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

whom were subject to restrictions and faced severe challenges as they then return to their offices to
provide safe, quality clinical care.

Clearly, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to present challenges and uncertainties for the global economy
and our customers. We remain confident that we have a solid long-term strategy in place, supported by a
strong balance sheet and significant access to liquidity.

The strong rebound in sales that began late in the second quarter continued into the third quarter with
growth over the prior year driven by sales of PPE and COVID-19 related products. This growth, coupled
with the various actions we took earlier in the year to reduce operating expenses, resulted in diluted EPS
that grew 8.8% on a GAAP basis and 14.4% on a non-GAAP basis.

As noted in our -- as noted, our Q3 EPS growth also reflected the various actions we took earlier in the
year to reduce operating expenses. Most of these temporary expense reduction initiatives are now ended.
We remain committed to the well-being of Team Schein and our disciplined strategy that is focused on the
success of our customers, helping practitioners efficiently manage practices while providing quality care as
the driver of long-term profitable growth for the company.

Given the challenging macro environment that started with the onset of the pandemic early this year,
we paused our long-standing program of strategic acquisitions. Yet as global business conditions have
improved, we have resumed these activities. We now believe we have significant opportunities to allocate
capital in support of our strategic plan, with a goal of maintaining a strong balance sheet and continuing
to increase operating cash flow over time. As we prepare to exit 2020, we will redefine our strategic plan
with the goal of having -- well, refinance, I meant. We will refine our strategic plan with the goal of having
our strategic plan in place for 2022 through 2024.

We'll continue to focus on a number of key initiatives, which include: increasing customer penetration
organically and through acquisition; geographic expansion, including into the developing world; advancing
technology solutions centered on software, including patient communications; leading the digitalization of
medical dental offices, including interoperability to devices and prosthetics; and expanding our specialty
segment and solutions offering, all while advancing our Dental business globally and our Medical business
globally as well.

Our team, including telesales, customer service and our distribution centers remained open, fully
operational during this period and have done an extraordinary job throughout this COVID-19 crisis of
processing ongoing high-volume of orders received and ensuring they ship quickly to our customers.
Though certain SKUs of PPE are still relatively tight supply-wise and are commanding somewhat of a
higher price, we believe the general PPE market has stabilized and we'll strive to maintain, as we have
throughout the crisis, fair pricing for our customers.

At this time, I'll hand the call over to Steven to discuss our recent financial performance. And then I'll
provide some additional commentary on our view of the current business conditions in the markets we
serve. So Steven, please.

Steven Paladino
Executive VP, CFO & Executive Director

Okay. Thank you, Stanley, and good morning to all. As we begin, I'd like to point out that I will be
discussing our results from continuing operations on an as-reported GAAP basis and also on a non-GAAP
basis. Our Q3 2020 and Q3 2019 non-GAAP results exclude certain items that are detailed in Exhibit B of
today's press release and in the supplemental information section of our Investor Relations website.

Please note that we have again included a corporate sales category for Q3 that represents sales to
Covetrus under the transitional services agreement. As we stated, our intention on our last earnings call
that essentially all remaining TSMs, Henry Schein members have returned from furlough and from reduced
work hours. We will continue to closely monitor the health of our business and remain prepared to take
additional cost-saving measures if necessary.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HENRY SCHEIN, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Turning to our financial results. Net sales for the quarter ended September 26, 2020, were $2.8 billion,
reflecting an increase of 13.2% compared to the prior year, with internally generated sales growth of
13.0% in local currencies. PPE and COVID-19 related products sales accounted for nearly all of the growth
in our sales this quarter. Although we expect PPE and COVID-19 related product sales to positively impact
dental and medical consumable merchandise sales in the future, we also expect overall sales growth
to moderate from the third quarter. Details of our sales performance are contained in Exhibit A of our
earnings press release that was issued earlier today.

On a GAAP basis, our operating margin for the third quarter of 2020 was 6.6%, representing a decrease
of 85 basis points compared to the prior year. On a non-GAAP basis, our operating margin of 6.9%
contracted by 58 basis points on a year-over-year basis. A reconciliation of GAAP operating margin to non-
GAAP operating margin can also be found in the supplemental information page on our Investor Relations
website.

Operating margin was primarily negatively impacted by significant inventory adjustments associated
with PPE and COVID-19 related products. This was offset by reduced expenses driven by our previously
mentioned cost reduction initiatives that were put in place earlier in the year in response to the COVID
pandemic. These temporary cost reduction initiatives will not have a significant impact on Q4 results as
most of these measures, such as furloughs, reduced work hours and salary reductions are no longer in
place.

Turning to taxes. Our reported GAAP effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2020 was 16.4%. This
compares with a 23.5% GAAP effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2019. On a non-GAAP basis, our
effective tax rate was 16.7%, and this compares with the prior year non-GAAP effective tax rate of 23.5%.

The lower tax rate in the third quarter was favorably impacted by U.S. federal income tax settlement,
which lowered income tax expense by approximately $15.6 million or $0.11 per diluted share. Excluding
this impact, the rate would have been in the 25% range on both a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis.

Moving on. GAAP net income from continuing operations attributable to Henry Schein for the third quarter
of 2020 was $141.7 million or $0.99 per diluted share, and this compares with prior year GAAP net income
from continuing operations of $134.9 million or $0.91 per diluted share. The non-GAAP net income from
continuing operations for the third quarter of 2020 was $147.0 million or $1.03 per diluted share, and this
compares with the non-GAAP net income from continuing operations of $134.3 million or $0.90 per diluted
share for the quarter.

On a continuing operation basis, amortization of acquired intangible assets for Q3 2020 was $25.2 million
or $0.13 per diluted share, and that compares to $29.5 million pretax or $0.15 per diluted share in the
same period last year. For the first 9 months of the year, amortization from acquired intangible assets was
$79 million pretax or $0.41 per diluted share, and that compares to $79.6 million pretax or $0.40 per
diluted share for the same period last year. Foreign currency exchange did not have any material impact
on our Q3 diluted EPS for the quarter.

Let me now provide some details on our sales results for the quarter. Our dental sales of $1.6 billion
grew 6.7% compared to the same period last year, with internal sales growth of 6.5% in local currency.
Our North American internal dental sales growth in local currencies was 6.3%, and that included growth
of 8.1% in dental consumable merchandise and 0.2% growth in dental equipment. Internationally, our
dental internal sales growth in local currencies was 6.9% with growth of 11.1% in consumable dental
merchandise and a 6.9% decline in equipment sales.

Again, this quarter, North America and international dental merchandise growth was driven by strong
PPE and COVID-19 related product sales. Last quarter, we provided year-over-year PPE sales growth as
well as PPE contribution to global dental sales. For Q3, we have expanded that category to include other
COVID-19 related products as well, so this category now also includes COVID test solutions as well as heat
thermometers. On that basis, dental PPE and COVID-19 related product sales in Q3 increased by 130%
compared to the prior year. And for comparison purposes, the year-over-year growth was nearly 35% in
Q2.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HENRY SCHEIN, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Turning to dental specialty products. In Q3, internal sales growth of global dental specialty products
increased by 6.5% in local currencies, with very strong growth in North America at 14.8%. We believe this
higher-margin product category has solid growth potential over the long term.

Our medical sales of $1 billion grew 27.8% compared to the same period last year or 27.7% in local
currencies. That 27.7% included a 27.8% growth in North America and internationally, 20.7%. Our
medical sales results were driven also by continued strong demand for PPE and COVID-19 related
products. Medical and COVID-19 related product sales increased by approximately 600% compared to the
prior year. For comparison purposes, the year-over-year growth for Q2 was 200%.

Turning now to our Technology and Value-Added Services segment. Those sales were $138.4 million in
the third quarter, an increase of 0.7% compared to the prior year, which reflects a decline of internally
generated sales in local currencies of 1.3%. North American Technology and Value-Added Services internal
sales declined by 0.2% in local currencies. And internationally, Technology and Value-Added Services
declined by 9.5% in local currencies compared to the same period last year.

This slight decline in Technology and Value-Added Services sales in local currencies was impacted by lower
than historical patient flow, which resulted in lower Henry Schein One transactional revenue. Additionally,
our financial services revenue was negatively impacted by lower equipment sales volume.

As we first discussed on our Q1 earnings call in early May, we temporarily suspended our share repurchase
program as a means to preserve cash in response to the impact of COVID on our business operations and
also due to certain restrictions related to financial covenants. As of today, Henry Schein has $201.2 million
authorized for future repurchases of common stock. Currently, we also have access to significant liquidity,
providing flexibility and financial stability in this challenging environment.

Our operating cash flow from continuing operations for the third quarter was $261.3 million and that
compares to $226.4 million for the third quarter of the prior year. The year-over-year increase was
primarily due to both higher net income and improvements in working capital.

As part of our previously disclosed restructuring initiative, we recorded a pretax charge in Q3 2020 of
$7 million or $0.04 per diluted share. This restructuring charge primarily includes severance pay, facility
closing costs and reflects opportunities to reduce expenses, drive operating efficiencies and mitigate
stranded costs. We continue to expect our restructuring initiative to continue through the end of the year.

I'll conclude my remarks on the topic of financial guidance. Again, due to the continued uncertainty
surrounding COVID-19 pandemic and its impact to our business operations, we are not providing financial
guidance at this time.

As a reminder, most of our temporary expense reduction initiatives have now ended. And although we
expect PPE and other COVID-19 related product sales to positively impact dental and medical consumable
merchandise sales in the future, we also expect overall sales growth to moderate from the third quarter.

So with that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Stan.

Stanley M. Bergman
Executive Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Steven. Let's review our business performance from the third quarter and recent weeks in
October, starting with dental.

In the third quarter, we saw growth in the U.S., Canada and throughout Europe in consumable
merchandise with particular strength in France and Italy. The U.K. was the exception, where the continued
impact on COVID-19 has led to slower patient traffic. The end markets of China, Australia, New Zealand
and Brazil also recovered quite nicely from the pandemic -- the pre-pandemic -- actually, from the
pandemic levels, returning almost to -- actually, to the pandemic -- to the pre-pandemic levels.

During the third quarter, our internal sales for consumable merchandise in local currencies in both North
America and international markets were strong at the 8.1% and 11.1% growth, respectively. The growth
was driven by sales of PPE and COVID-19 related products.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HENRY SCHEIN, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

PPE and COVID-related product sales as a percentage of global dental sales were in the mid-single-digits
percentage range prior to COVID-19, which grew to approximately 11% in the second quarter. And in
the third quarter, this contribution in dental was approximately 10%. We continue to expect that PPE will
constitute a meaningful portion of our dental sales going forward as safety protocols remain a necessity
for both patients and dental offices. And actually, I feel that dentists in general in the United States and
abroad are handling infection control -- sepsis control extremely well, and that there is an adequate
amount of PPE available for these practitioners to continue to provide safe environment with a very good
infection control in these offices.

On our dental specialty businesses, which is comprised of implants, endodontics and orthodontics sales.
During the third quarter in this segment, we actually performed quite well, led by endodontic product
sales. Also, our implant sales were particularly strong in North America, where internal sales growth in
local currencies increased by approximately 18%.

Dental equipment sales in the third quarter continued to recover in North America, both traditional and
high-technology equipment. Internal sales growth in local currencies was essentially flat. Within those
categories, we experienced strong sales in laser products, albeit a small base, and double-digit growth in
CAD/CAM equipment versus the third quarter last year. Whereas 2D and 3D imaging sales declined in the
quarter.

International equipment sales experienced a mid-single-digit percentage decline. Sales in Europe declined
for both traditional and high-technology during the -- equipment during the third quarter as some
practices deferred investment decisions. As I mentioned last quarter, we are seeing heightened interest
from customers in the air purification category, where we have exclusive relationships specific with the
Radic8 and the Surgically Clean Air, and we also offer solutions from other manufacturing partners,
including Vaniman, Isolite and DryShield.

It's clear that practices are getting more efficient in seeing patients as they adjust to new protocols. The
degree of increased efficiency is hard to determine at this time, but clearly, the addition of safety protocols
in the practice and driving efficiency are both at play. In particular, we believe there will be continued
interest in equipment solutions that enhance productivity, which is particularly important as practices look
to see more patients in, of course, a safe environment.

So in summary, substantially all of the dental markets we serve strengthened, relative to the second
quarter as we progressed through the third quarter, with the month-to-month improvements in
consumable merchandise sales obviously driven by demand of PPE and COVID-related products. So where
are we at this point?

Dental practices in North America, Europe, Australia and New Zealand are open again for the most part
as well, I might add, as Brazil. And patients are returning for care. China is essentially back to pre-
pandemic levels despite rising COVID-19 diagnosed cases in North America and the growing number of
European countries, including Germany, France, the U.K., Belgium, the Netherlands, Italy, Spain, Austria,
Switzerland and Czech Republic and Poland and also in Brazil, patients continue to visit their dentist. This
is very encouraging, completely different to what it was in April. These practices are open and patients are
visiting the dental practice. Very clearly, very, very different to April and the demand for products, both
consumables and equipment, remains.

The latest survey data published by the American Dental Association for the U.S. shows that dental
practices are approximately 77% of pre-COVID-19 patient volume. This is down approximately 2% versus
the prior ADA survey, but not showing any material degradation in patient volume.

I think we have to be careful reading anything into the swing of a couple of percentage points. Henry
Schein's eClaims data also show that patients continue to return for a broad set of oral care procedures.
It is clear that in the United States, the public views dentistry as important. And although we do not have
as finite detailed information in Europe, we can see that in Europe, dentists are being viewed as important
health care providers. Of course, the U.K. is the exception, with regulations have been such that visits
to dentists have been restricted. But the rest of Europe is essentially open for dentistry. Actually, all the
markets we're in.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HENRY SCHEIN, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

So overall, we would characterize the current dental end markets as improving in some areas and
continuing to stabilize as in others. At this moment, this is exactly what we're seeing. Of course, we
continue to watch all geographies as COVID-19 rise, particularly whether this impacts patient utilization
and whether the V-shaped recovery becomes more of a W. But at this stage, we do not see any reason
why we should go into a W. The recovery seems quite stable as dental practices are open.

Before we move on to the performance of our Medical business, let me comment on the recent
announcement that dental -- that The Dentist Supply Company, or TDSC, which was originally launched by
the California Dental Association, to offer members of organized dentistry a low price online-only option
for obtaining dental suppliers has joined Henry Schein.

TDSC will maintain its core focus on providing consistent online-only competitor pricing to dental
association members. TDSC customers will benefit from the expanded product portfolio, enhanced
shipping, improved order fulfillment and, of course, faster delivery backed by Henry Schein. Henry
Schein's full-service distribution model, coupled with TDSC strategy, will offer state dental association
members the options they seek when choosing to purchase dental supplies and small equipment for their
practices. These 2 marketing channels are complementary and are aimed at delivering the requisite level
of service for varying customer segments.

Henry Schein will, of course, maintain and build on our full-service distribution model, offering customers
a wide range of competitively priced consumable merchandise, equipment and technology products
and services, including software, coupled with our highly experienced field and telesales teams. TDSC
has sales in 2019 of approximately $20 million. So a high-touch model is very much the model that we
subscribe to at Henry Schein, but we're offering an alternative of a pure online service to those customers
that wish to take advantage of such an offering.

Now let's move to our Medical business. The medical sales growth during the third quarter was also driven
by strong demand for PPE and COVID-19 related products. This marked the first quarter in which our
medical team achieved $1 billion in sales, and we are extremely pleased with the medical team's track
record in building this business.

We are beginning to see improved access to COVID test solutions that were first being allocated to the
government for initial distribution. As we move into 2021, we expect testing solution availability for
practitioners to continue to improve as more tests are approved and as further allocation to the private
sector markets occur, in line with manufacturing capacity increases. We are, as noted, receiving greater
allocation of tests for office space practitioners who very much view it as important to conduct specifically
rapid COVID test in their offices, in other words, the point-of-care test.

PPE and COVID-19 related product sales as a percentage of the global medical sales increased from mid-
single-digit percentage, pre COVID-19, to approximately 17% in the second quarter and approximately
24% in the third quarter. We expect that PPE and COVID-related product test sales, including tests, will
continue to be in a meaningful portion of our medical sales as practices seek to create a safe environment
for both patients and staff and undertake more testing in the office-based setting environment.

Regarding the potential to distribute COVID-19 vaccines. I'd like to point out that Henry Schein has
had a long history of leadership in supply chain readiness and response. The strategic partnerships we
have developed over many years provide us with the specialized insight into outbreaks and supply chain
challenges. We also have excellent relationships with a number of manufacturers working on vaccines
and are staying in close contact with these manufacturers. We believe that when these products enter
the commercial distribution channel, that we will be -- with our credibility and our history of effectively
working with pharmaceutical manufacturers as well as our public-private partnerships, we'll be recognized
as well as the office-based practitioner will also be recognized as a place to administer these vaccines.

So let's move on to our Technology and Value-Added Services business. As dental practices continued to
reopen throughout the third quarter, Henry Schein's One transaction software revenue, including eClaims
and credit card processing was down and is slightly -- is going up slightly, really following the trends of
visits to dental practices. This was offset by solid growth -- and I was comparing it to the previous year, to
2019. This was offset by solid growth in sales of our dental plans and Dentrix Ascend cloud-based software

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HENRY SCHEIN, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

solutions. Remote access provided through cloud-based solutions such as Dentrix Ascend are especially
attractive to practices that desire or have a requirement to conduct remote work, including managing the
business and clinical aspects of their practice.

During the third quarter, we launched a number of product enhancements for our Henry Schein One
solutions, including a number of new DSO-centric capabilities, imaging enhancements, new sophisticated
accounting capabilities and e-prescribing solutions and payment processing features in the Dentrix
Ascend product; new insurance management and payment process enhancements in Dentrix; and key
enhancements to our very successful online bill payment solution. We continue to invest in our platform,
our dental software solutions to deliver integrated technologies that automates more tasks and simplifies
the digital workflow to increase practice productivity.

In summary, looking at our current business, while it's still early in the fourth quarter, we are continuing
to see dental and medical sales growth over the prior year at this time driven by PPE and other COVID-
related products. That said, this is not necessarily indicative of what full quarter performance may be. But
having said that, we are very encouraged with the performance in October, actually, across the board, but
of course, must be a little cautious in that this is a very unpredictable time.

So before we move to your questions, I would like to note how pleased we were in September to be
named to the Fortune Magazine's Change the World list, which is an annual ranking of companies that
have had a positive social impact through activities that are part of the core business strategy. Henry
Schein was recognized for our role in helping to create the pandemic chain -- Pandemic Supply Chain
Network at the World Economic Forum in 2015, a public-private partnership aimed at saving lives by
strengthening the resilience of global health care supply chain in general in response to epidemics and
pandemics.

We are most pleased to serve as the PSCN's private sector lead on these very important initiatives. We
were also pleased to be named among the top NASDAQ-listed companies included in the next-generation
100 index designed to measure performance of the largest 100 nonfinancial NASDAQ companies that are
focused on growth and innovation, which are ranked after those companies in the NASDAQ 100 index by
capital -- by market capitalization.

This week is a special week at Henry Schein with respect to NASDAQ as we celebrate 25 years as a
public company on the exchange. Over the -- over those years, we have successfully navigated through
many changing market dynamics and growing our business, delivering value to our shareholders. In fact,
since the time of our IPO, we are pleased to have delivered compounded annual growth from continuing
operations up 13% in sales and 14% in non-GAAP EPS through the end of 2019.
So with those comments in mind, we'd be very pleased, Steven and I, to answer any questions that
investors may have. Thank you.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HENRY SCHEIN, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs.

Nathan Allen Rich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Maybe starting with your comments on the outlook. Stan and Steve, could you give us any detail on how
October performed relative to the third quarter? And when we think about your expectation for growth to
moderate relative to third quarter, is that solely due to what you're seeing with respect to PPE and COVID-
related products? Are you also expecting moderation in sort of the underlying growth rates for the Dental
and Medical segments as well?

Stanley M. Bergman
Executive Chairman & CEO

So thank you for the question. October has continued with a trend of September, in fact, even maybe
a little higher. The concern we have is the potential impact of the rising number of diagnosed COVID
patients. Having said that, at the moment, it seems like dental practices are seeing patients again,
very different to April, both domestically and in most markets abroad. Some markets at a much greater
increased rate than even before COVID, and others, down. So we just want to be cautious in the context
of the latest data on diagnosed patients. Having said that, the business seems in pretty good place right
now with dentists across the board seeing patients and the same for medical practitioners. Steven?

Steven Paladino
Executive VP, CFO & Executive Director

Yes. I think that summarizes it. I would add maybe a couple of additional points. We think during Q3,
there was a bit -- a continued bit of backlog of patient demand that got caught up during Q3 that may
not continue going forward. We also think related to PPE and COVID-related sales that there was a lot of
initial order taking to start our practices and to restart practices that may not continue at the same rate.
So those reasons really also contribute to us being a little bit more cautious on outlook going forward.

Nathan Allen Rich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

That's helpful. And just two quick clarifications. With respect to the rising COVID case counts that you
cited, have you seen an impact in your volumes in recent weeks? Or is that just kind of adding to the
uncertainty in the outlook? And then secondly, Steve, could you maybe talk through your expectations on
PPE pricing going forward as just as we think about the magnitude of the top line and margin impact that
we should expect in the fourth quarter and beyond?

Stanley M. Bergman
Executive Chairman & CEO

Yes. We don't see a significant change in volume at this moment. Practitioners seem to be seeing patients
consistent with what we saw in September. Having said that, anecdotally, the ADA data is down a couple
of percent. I'm not sure whether that is meaningful or not. Having said that, our caution relates to the
increase in diagnosed patients both in the United States and in Europe. But at the same time, we don't see
a significant reduction in visits to practitioners. Steven?

Steven Paladino
Executive VP, CFO & Executive Director

Yes. And on PPE and related products, I think we would assume that pricing will continue to moderate.
Back in Q2 and early Q3, the pricing for certain products, primarily face masks, was significantly elevated
as there was a shortage of supply. And that was really -- our cost was really significantly higher than what

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HENRY SCHEIN, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

typical cost was. As supply continues to improve, that pricing is beginning to moderate on most of those
products.

There is one product category, though, that is now in short supply, so it would be hard to tell how this is
impacted. But nitrile examination gloves are now in very short supply globally. So we may see a spike in
our cost for those products, which would in turn have us increase somewhat our pricing to end users. But
I would say for the most part, I would think that pricing will moderate on products for PPE and COVID-
related.

Operator

Your next question will come from the line of Steven Valiquette with Barclays.

Steven James Valiquette
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Great. So I'd ask a few questions here around the gross margins. It was fairly flat sequentially, it was
down year-over-year, likely just due to mix. So I guess I'm curious if there's any color on how much the
gross margin in 3Q was impacted just simply by greater mix of lower-margin medical sales versus higher-
margin dental sales and -- yes...

Steven Paladino
Executive VP, CFO & Executive Director

Sure, Steve. The main driver was not mix. The main driver, as we outlined in our press release, was
related to PPE and related product where, because early on in buying that product, we saw significant
increases in our cost. And remember, it was a difficult time to even access products back then. Most
suppliers were not selling unless you pre-paid for the product, and there was absolutely no way to
negotiate pricing. At that time, we made a decision that it's important to have access to product for our
customers because it's such a critical product category. And because of that, we did buy some product
at high prices that required inventory adjustments during the quarter. So that was one of -- that was the
biggest impact on margins for the quarter.

There were also some other impacts, some of the PPE selling prices were also at lower margin. That was a
smaller contributor. And also supplier rebates, also a smaller contributor were less in the quarter because
of volume that they related to. I'm hopeful that we'll see a lot of that go away, although it's really difficult
to predict on inventory adjustments because the pricing is still very volatile on both the purchase side as
well as the market sales side. So we'll just kind of have to wait and see for that.

Operator

Your next question will come from the line of Jon Block with Stifel.

Jonathan David Block
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Great. Stanley, maybe just to start with you. If you can compare and contrast some of the dental
consumable figures that you gave. I think ex PPE and COVID, dental consumables were flattish, call it
like the basic consumables. But I thought you mentioned a very strong dental specialty number that was
up 14% North America, I think even implants, up 18%. So maybe if you can just talk to that dichotomy
between the 2 within consumables? And then I've just got a follow-up.

Stanley M. Bergman
Executive Chairman & CEO

Yes, that's a very good question. So if you take out the PPE-related sales -- or actually the COVID-related
sales, because within that category, it's PPE and testing. But if you take that all out and you look at both
the dental and medical, our sales for core products, consumables is about flat. So that's where we've
been for the third quarter, and it's looked like that's where we are in October as well. So that's the basic
situation.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HENRY SCHEIN, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Patients clearly are visiting dentists. Same with physicians. So we're quite comfortable that they will
remain busy. But of course, there's no clarity as to what could happen in November and December,
given the increase in diagnosed tests. Having said that, clearly, practitioners are open to see patients
everywhere other than really in the U.K., which is an anomaly. Very, very different to the situation in April
in the early part of May. Did you have another question there, Jon?

Jonathan David Block
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Well, I'll just pivot. I do have another one. I'll pivot, Steven, to you, on the gross margin. It follows up on
Steve's question. 26 and change, down about 300 or so basis points, and you have been running steadily,
pretty steadily, 30% to 31% throughout 2018 and '19.

So I guess sort of a 2-part question. Is there a gross margin to put on that PPE and COVID bucket? And/
or if not, just looking forward, most importantly, do we think about gross margins improving off this, call
it, trough, 26.6 but maybe not recapturing the 30% to 31% longer term because you'll always have, to a
certain extent, that lower margin PPE sales somewhat permanent in nature in the consumable sales?

Steven Paladino
Executive VP, CFO & Executive Director

Yes, Jon. Let me just touch on the earlier question when Stanley commented that excluding PPE and
COVID products, consumable merchandise sales were relatively flat. That includes the positive benefit of
specialty sales, Jon. So it's all netted in that because that's included in consumables.

So going to your current question, it's still -- there's still a lot of volatility in margins related to PPE and
COVID-related. And as I said, nitrile gloves is the next one that will probably show a significant increase in
costs for us and there's a limit on what we could pass through. So I'm not ready to give guidance on gross
margin just yet because there's too much volatility on the buy side and on the sell side, and it's all related.

PPE and COVID products has positive and that it really drives sales growth. It really drives people buying
additional products. If you don't have the products, you may lose the entire sale. But it also has huge
volatility in margins. So you got to take the positive with the not so positive.

Jonathan David Block
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Understood.

Stanley M. Bergman
Executive Chairman & CEO

Just to add a little bit more light on the specialty side. The specialty business is, of course, a high-margin
business. But in terms of sales compared to the total approximately $10 billion business, it's not material.
But in terms of profits, it is very important and that those businesses have done quite well, certainly in the
third quarter and going into the fourth quarter. So in terms of materiality in terms of the overall sales, it's
not material. In terms of profit is a decent contributor.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Baird.

Jeffrey D. Johnson
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Maybe just following up on both of Jon's questions, if I could. So Steve, if specialty was slightly -- or
was positive in the quarter, as you mentioned, nicely positive in the quarter, that would put general
consumables on the dental side maybe down low to mid-single digits or so. We know the ADA survey at
that down 20-ish percent. That's kind of consistent with what our surveys have been showing as well.
Is that -- when you talk about kind of a little fall off from here, is that we get a little bit of normalization

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HENRY SCHEIN, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

from here between kind of where you have been, maybe that down 5% for general consumables going
somewhere between there and kind of where some of those volume surveys are showing?

Steven Paladino
Executive VP, CFO & Executive Director

Well, let me -- Jeff, let me just clarify. On the ADA survey, they're talking about patient traffic. That 80%
plus or minus is estimated patient traffic. So we think actual sales volume is a bit better than that because
it doesn't really factor in the additional sales of PPE products. It also seems that based on a procedure
basis, for some reason, procedures are a little bit higher volume that are currently being done than
historically. So the 80% is -- in sales volume is higher than 80% in -- sorry. The 80% patient traffic is
higher in sales volume. And so hopefully, that clarifies. And I just want to make sure you had a second
question there. Jeff, if you could just repeat it?

Jeffrey D. Johnson
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

No, it was just my question of -- I understand the volume side. And like I said, that's -- I know a lot
of surveys are showing that down 20%, and we are getting the higher intensity of dentistry and things
like that to drive the revenues higher than that. But as you talk about kind of a little bit of a falloff in
the dental performance going forward, is it because revenues start to normalize at least a little bit back
towards volumes? Over time, I wouldn't think mix can be such a positive contributor of 15 or so points as
it's been here in the last quarter.

Steven Paladino
Executive VP, CFO & Executive Director

Yes. I think that's correct. It's also, again, a few other things. It's moderating pricing on PPE products that
should continue if some of this pent-up demand that may fall off a little bit. It's a little bit of increases
in positive test results for COVID. So I don't think it's one particular item. It's just a few things that are
impacting our thoughts on that.

Jeffrey D. Johnson
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Fair enough. And then last question just on the margin side. Jon asked if we were at trough margin on
the gross margin side. You did talk about some of these temporary cost savings going away, and I think
that's more on the OpEx side. But in the past, I think you've also talked about sourcing some PPE from
local markets, for local markets. So as we think about those 2 levers, do we see margins staying down at
these levels? Can they tick back up in the near term? Just over the next, call it, 12 to 18 months? Is there
a trend up or down from these levels on the margin side?

Steven Paladino
Executive VP, CFO & Executive Director

Yes. I think there's too much volatility for us to really give specific guidance on this. Again, we don't know
exactly what's going to happen with nitrile gloves, but we do know that there's a worldwide shortage. And
what that means to pricing and margin is still ahead of us, so I don't want to just speculate on that. So I
think we just really can't give specific guidance along those lines at this time, Jeff. Hopefully, in Q4, we'll
have better insight.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw with Wolfe Research.

Stephen Christopher Beuchaw
Wolfe Research, LLC

So there have been a lot of questions asked about a lot of very important parts of the progression and the
model. But what I think we might benefit from is, even if it's philosophical, but as you think about getting

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HENRY SCHEIN, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

into planning for '21 and beyond, when you try to piece together all the parts, even if we just isolate and
say, "Hey, let's just talk about the top line." When you've got a base business, excluding COVID-related
items that's flat in the middle of a pandemic, and then you have probably an elevated PPE tailwind for
some. What would it take to get '21 revenues to be lower than 2019? Is there a way we can sort of set a
floor here?

Stanley M. Bergman
Executive Chairman & CEO

We remain quite optimistic in the return of the business, specifically in dentistry, given the fact that the
strength in business to dentists starting in June. We were quite surprised with how fast the recovery
occurred, and we remain optimistic that, that will continue to increase. People want to see dentists, and
there's a huge trust that dental offices are safe.

So we can't say for sure how many quarters the COVID high test data will continue. But as the data comes
down, I think you can expect for dentist offices to fill up to a rate of 2019. I think dentists are dealing with
the inefficiency in the office because of the sepsis control. They're getting much better at that.

But as we get into, say, the middle of 2021, I think we can expect to go back to normalcy of where it was
in 2019. It all depends, of course, on when the vaccine will be available and how effective it will be. But
it seems like the 75% to 80% number is a number that looks good for this time. And from there, I think
we'll build up based on the effectiveness of the vaccine and actually more testing availability. We have
seen that in markets where there is comfort and return to normal rates such as China, Australia, New
Zealand. People are very comfortable going to the dentists and our specialty businesses, for example, in
those markets are doing extremely well.

So we are enthusiastic that we will return to more normal rates sometime in the middle of next year,
assuming that the vaccine kicks in and is relatively efficient. But it seems like we've hit more or less a
floor. But again, it's very hard to give you precise timing on all of that.

Stephen Christopher Beuchaw
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. That's fair. Two very quick follow-ups, one for Stan and one for Steve. Stanley, I wonder if you could
spend just a minute on the TDSC transaction. I realize it's not a huge business that you're acquiring here,
but it might be a pretty significant segment of the market that you can go after a little bit more acutely.
Could you just talk about the definition of that customer segment of the market that you're going after a
little bit more, perhaps more effectively with TDSC as part of the portfolio here?

And then Steve, I wonder if you could spend a minute on what I've been calling cost savings discovery. So
COVID has given us a window into where we might have been spending money here and there. And we've
obviously had to stop spending money on certain things like travel. How is that progression going? How
close are you to maybe putting a dollar amount or basis points on what might be permanent cost savings
from that discovery effort?

Stanley M. Bergman
Executive Chairman & CEO

Yes. So a very good question again on the TDSC. We see that there's always been a market for -- let's put
it this way, non-full service, non-high touch. That was the market Henry Schein was in a couple of decades
ago. And the percentage of business being transacted through what was originally mail order, the winter
telesales and now as defined as e-commerce, has been relatively constant up to the end of 2019. During
the COVID period, it increased, just like all e-commerce increased. Both the e-commerce only businesses,
the online-only businesses and our own website, where the volumes of business that were transacted
digitally increased.

We've always had a strong relationship with organized dentistry, and there is a part of the market that
would like to transact business digitally only, online only. And so we've made an investment alongside the
California Dental Association to enter the online-only marketplace. We are, through other investments in

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HENRY SCHEIN, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

the United States and particularly abroad, invested in alternate channels. And although these channels
have not exhibited significantly grow a faster growth rate than the full-service part until the end of 2019,
we think that it is important for us to service this part of the market and to provide both options to
dentists in the United States as, by the way, we do in Europe and elsewhere. So we will keep the 2 models
side by side and we'll service them both from the same distribution network.

Steven Paladino
Executive VP, CFO & Executive Director

So on cost-saving items, Steve. So there's two primary areas that we're still evaluating and focusing on
we think we will be able to save expenses on. The first is travel, but it's really broader than just travel. It
also includes things like conventions, even investor meetings, not sure. I think everyone knows on this
call that now, virtual investor meetings and conferences, similarly with conventions, there's more virtual
items. So we certainly believe there's opportunity there for travel to significantly reduce travel. Things like
video conferencing certainly work. I think the people who are a little bit skeptical previous to this, I think,
realized that while it's not as good as in person, it's really good, and in many cases, can suffice. So that's
one area that we're still evaluating.

And the second area is we do believe that there's a fair amount of Henry Schein members who can work
from home either permanently or on a hybrid basis, and we're doing a person-by-person detailed review
to determine what that opportunity is. But certainly, we do think that, that opportunity over the longer-
term will be a benefit for us. But just recognize on that, the real estate footprint, it will take a little bit
longer to reduce the real estate footprint for whatever that -- those lower needs will be. But both of those
are still under evaluation. And we don't have final answers on either one, but we certainly believe that
they will drive some costs -- some permanent cost savings going forward. We have not yet quantified the
specific amount.

Operator

Our final question will come from the line of Glen Santangelo with Guggenheim.

Glen Joseph Santangelo
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Stan, I just wanted to follow up from something we talked about last quarter around the vaccine
opportunity. I think 90 days ago, you thought it was a little bit too early to speculate on if there would be
a potential role for Henry Schein and what that could maybe look like. Have you given any more thought
to that as we get closer to hopefully the launch of a successful vaccine here and maybe what role Henry
Schein could play given where you sit in the supply channel?

Stanley M. Bergman
Executive Chairman & CEO

Yes, Glen. I think that there will be a role for Henry Schein once the vaccine is outside of government
distribution. Since it is expected, at least it's our view that vaccines will, at some point, be administered in
physician offices and in the workplace. We have a very nice workplace health care business. And so once
we're through the initial government period of distribution of these vaccines, using a third-party logistics
provider and when these vaccines return or become available through normal commercial operations, we
expect that Henry Schein will have a role to play as we have in administering vaccines in general. And
we've had that role for decades. Likewise, we're testing. We think that as the government takes less of the
test and allows the private sector to manage testing to a greater extent that Henry Schein will receive a
greater allocation of tests as well.

Glen Joseph Santangelo
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Maybe if I could just follow-up one more. Stepping back from all the near-term questions around
utilization, I was just kind of curious if the performance of DSOs in the current environment is maybe very

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

HENRY SCHEIN, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

different than independent practices. And in this environment, any longer-term impact to the customer
mix going forward? Any discernible trends you're seeing between the 2 different classes?

Stanley M. Bergman
Executive Chairman & CEO

I think basically, we're on the same trajectory. The large DSOs growing to the extent they can secure
dental -- dentists, the midsized practitioners perhaps growing to a greater extent. But there still is a very
solid base of private practitioners. I doubt the 1 or 2 practice will survive long. But 3 or 4, 5 practitioners
going to maybe 10 in the practice has, in my view, quite a lot of runway. So I don't think there's any
marked difference in where dentistry will be practiced. But the trend that we've seen over the years is
likely to continue as it has moderately. And the movement upstream will continue in a moderate way, to
grow in a moderate way. So I'm -- I don't see any significant dislocation of where dentistry will take place,
although the trend will continue upstream.

Operator

I'll now turn the conference back over for any closing comments.

Stanley M. Bergman
Executive Chairman & CEO

Thank you very much, operator. We do feel very comfortable, everyone, with our strategy. We are
comfortable that we will continue to serve the dental needs across the globe. And we are comfortable
through our hybrid full-service model and in certain markets, digital-only model, that this will be a very
good strategy going forward as we provide more value-added services to our customers, helping them
operate a more efficient practice so that they can provide better clinical care.

We believe that infection control is important in both the dental offices and medical offices and that we can
provide the necessary PPE that is needed, and that testing will become more important in our physician
offices going forward. We also believe that our equipment businesses in dental are on solid footing. There
may be a slight back -- going back perhaps in the U.S. dental market as the DS World numbers compared
to the previous year, as we had a very strong fourth quarter for DS world last year. But overall, we're
comfortable that our dental equipment business in the United States and in Europe is on a solid footing
with decent backlogs throughout.

So as well, just to comment, we didn't get any questions on this, but we believe Henry Schein One is
providing great value moving towards more of cloud-based software and are very comfortable and excited
with that business opportunity.

So let me end today where I started, and once again, extend thanks to Team Schein members across
the globe for the unrelenting efforts on behalf of our customers. The team's passion and commitment to
Henry Schein has been nothing short of remarkable. As it relates to our businesses, we believe we are well
positioned, as I noted, due to our breadth of products, services and support with solid momentum to build
shareholder value as we merge from the COVID-19 pandemic. Again, it is clear that there is a demand for
dentistry and for the physician-based practice as procedures move from the acute care setting to more of
the alternate care setting, and we remain quite optimistic about the future of Henry Schein.

So thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to speaking to you on our next call. Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude your call for today. Thank you all for participating, and you may
now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

HENRY SCHEIN, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

