Humana Inc. NYSE:HUM
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, February 03, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

(2.32)

(2.30)

NM

5.94

18.70

18.75

0.27

21.67

18759.42

19062.00

1.61

20600.57

75969.41

77155.00

1.56

82320.61

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-03-2021 1:04 PM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

4.69

10.12

2.80

(2.32)

5.40

12.56

3.08

(2.30)

15.14 %

24.11 %

10.00 %

NM

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
HUMANA INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Amy K. Smith
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Brian Andrew Kane
Chief Financial Officer

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Albert J. William Rice
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Charles Rhyee
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

David Howard Windley
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Gary Paul Taylor
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

George Robert Hill
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Joshua Richard Raskin
Nephron Research LLC

Justin Lake
Wolfe Research, LLC

Kevin Mark Fischbeck
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Lance Arthur Wilkes
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Matthew Richard Borsch
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Ralph Giacobbe
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Robert Patrick Jones
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Scott J. Fidel
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Steven James Valiquette
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Humana Fourth Quarter 2020
Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]

With that, I would now like to hand the conference over to Amy Smith, Vice President of Investor
Relations. Thank you, and please go ahead.

Amy K. Smith
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, and good morning. In a moment, Bruce Broussard, Humana's President and Chief Executive
Officer; and Brian Kane, Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our fourth quarter 2020 results and our
updated financial outlook for 2021. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a
question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Our Chief Legal Officer, Joe Ventura, will also be
joining Bruce and Brian for the Q&A session. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to
both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. Additionally, we have posted
supporting materials to our Investor Relations page for reference during Brian's prepared remarks. This
call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of
Humana's website, humana.com, later today.

Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain
of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and
uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors
discussed in our latest Form 10-K, our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and
our fourth quarter 2020 earnings press release as they relate to forward-looking statements and to note,
in particular, that these forward-looking statements could be impacted by risks related to the spread of
and response to the COVID-19 pandemic, including the potential impacts to us of: One, actions taken
by federal, state and local governments to mitigate the spread of COVID-19 and in turn, relax those
restrictions; two, actions taken by us to expand benefits for our members and provide relief for the health
care provider community in connection with COVID-19; three, disruptions in our ability to operate our
business effectively; and four, negative pressure in economic, employment and financial markets, among
others, all of which creates additional uncertainties and risks for our business.

Our forward-looking statements should therefore be considered in light of these additional uncertainties
and risks, along with other risks discussed in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to publicly
address or update any forward-looking statements in future filings or communications regarding our
business or results.

Today's press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are all also
available on our Investor Relations site. Call participants should note that today's discussion includes
financial measures that are not in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP.
Management's explanation for the use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations of GAAP to non-
GAAP financial measures are included in today's press release. Finally, any references to earnings per
share, or EPS, made during this conference call refer to diluted earnings per common share.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Amy, and good morning, and thank you for joining us. Today, we reported adjusted earnings
per share of $18.75 for 2020, consistent with our commentary throughout the year as expected, reflecting
a loss in the fourth quarter, largely driven by our investments in programs to support members, patients,
employers, providers and the communities we serve. Our fourth quarter results were impacted by the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

continued waiver of Medicare Advantage cost-sharing, including for primary care and COVID-19 treatment,
delivery of meals, mask and prevented tests to our members, in-home assessments, investments in
programs to assist underserved communities and efforts to ease the financial burden for our provider
partners.

For the full year, these initiatives, among others, exceeded $2 billion. Defined by the worldwide pandemic,
2020 was an unprecedented and challenging year. I'm proud of the resilience and response of our
associates, putting our members, patients and providers' holistic health at the forefront, while continuing
to advance our strategy. Despite the pandemic, Humana continued to accelerate on all fronts in 2020,
including our short-term operating and financial performance, our ability to drive and invest in our long-
term strategic objectives and in our customer-centricity efforts.

The strength of our underlying core business is compelling. In our Healthcare Services business, we
delivered double-digit percentage growth in adjusted EBITDA year-over-year in 2020 with our pharmacy,
provider and home business all performing well. In our Pharmacy business, we processed 478 million
scripts and drove mail order penetration of over 37% in MAPD. Today, our Pharmacy business has
organically grown to the fourth largest pharmacy benefit manager, or PBM. In our provider business,
we ended the year with 156 wholly owned primary care centers after opening 15 new centers in 2020,
including expanding to Louisiana and Nevada.

In addition, our Conviva primary care clinics delivered significant clinical and financial improvement as the
turnaround in the business continued, including a 5% reduction in admissions per 1,000. In the Home,
we've made important investments in our strategy to offer primary care and post-acute services in the
home through minority investments in Heal, a pioneer of in-home primary care; and DispatchHealth,
a provider of emergent in-home medical care. In addition, Kindred at Home successfully managed the
transition to the new CMS payment model, while also implementing a new operating system in 2020,
setting it up to drive further operating model advancement in 2021.

We demonstrated an over 50,000 Home episodes, integrated new proactive clinical models within the
nurses' workflow significantly reduces downstream emergency room visits and hospital admissions. The
success of these clinical test and learns provides the confidence scaling these programs will provide
meaningful quality and cost improvements in 2021 and beyond. We also delivered strong fundamental
results in our core insurance business while investing for the long term. We remain very focused on the
consumer experience broadly across all platforms and are proud to have driven an overall 670 basis point
increase in our Net Promoter Score, or NPS, in 2020, with a meaningfully higher increase in our NPS for
our commercial group business.

We also announced that 92% of our MA members are in plans rated 4 star or higher, leading the public-
traded MA companies. We ended the year with approximately 4.6 million total Medicare Advantage
members, reflecting year-over-year growth of 11%, fueling consolidated revenue growth of 19% in 2020.
The positive momentum continued in 2021 Medicare Advantage Annual Election Period, or AEP. For the
full year, we are expecting individual MA growth of approximately 425,000 to 475,000 members or 11%
to 12%. Importantly, as in prior years, our robust growth is balanced across multiple MA plan types as a
result of the strength of our clinical programs, provider partnerships and distribution channels as well as
our broad offerings that allow for deeper personalization to meet the member's needs.

In the AEP, we led the industry in each of HMO, special needs plans or D-SNP, and MA-only membership
growth and continue to grow our LPPO membership. We also launched Author by Humana in South
Carolina in January, managing 5 Medicare Advantage plans with approximately 13,500 members. Author is
designed to meet the emerging expectations of digital savvy seniors aging into Medicare, leveraging health
coaches, digital and artificial intelligence, to create a simplify and integrated experience for consumers. We
plan to scale Author by delegating more MA lives over time and look forward to sharing our learnings.

We continue to focus on how we can expand our presence with underserved populations, an effort to
drive improved clinical outcomes and reduce health disparities. In Medicare Advantage, we experienced
industry-leading growth in D-SNPs in 2020, increasing D-SNP membership approximately 41% year-
over-year. We expect another year of robust D-SNP membership growth in 2021. Our Medicaid strategy
is predicated on the core strengths of our Medicare chassis, including our clinical programs, provider

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

relationships focused on value-based care and commitment to investments in the communities we serve.
We are able to offer states individualized approach to care that considers the physical and mental well-
being of beneficiaries as well as the critical social determinants that impact the population.

We began serving Medicare members in Kentucky in 2020 and recently announced our entry into the
South Carolina Medicaid program as well as the acquisition of iCare in Wisconsin. We firmly believe organic
growth is the most efficient use of capital for our shareholders and remain committed to further organic
Medicaid growth supplemented by smaller tuck-in acquisitions. We have a long history of success growing
our Medicare Advantage and pharmacy businesses organically, and in just the last week, we were awarded
the Managed Medicare contract in Oklahoma, a state that previously did not offer Managed Medicaid. I
would like to thank the Medicaid team for their tireless efforts and congratulate them on these key wins.

As I reflect on what we've learned from the pandemic, I am energized by the way the collective health
care system responded to the crisis and how actions taken to combat the pandemic strengthened and
accelerated critical tenets of the system. As an industry, in partnership with policymakers, we took
deliberate and sustained actions to remove financial barriers and enhance access to care in response to
the pandemic, easing some of the burden on our nation's most vulnerable population at a time when they
need it most. Supported by CMS, health plans and providers proactively addressed social determinants of
health that were exacerbated by the pandemic and quickly pivoted to the telephonic and in-home care,
advancing in a matter of months what may have taken years absent the pandemic.

Our combined actions underscore the strength of the Medicare Advantage program as an enduring
public-private partnership that puts seniors and their holistic health at the forefront. Humana's pandemic
response continues to evolve, and we are actively engaged with the Biden administration, including HHS
and CMS as well as state and local governments regarding our role in the vaccination process as both
a primary care provider and as a health plan, representing a significant portion of the nation's most
vulnerable population.

As such, our role is multifaceted, and we stand ready to assist further as the nationwide distribution
progresses to later phases and more and more individuals become eligible for the vaccine. Driven by
our strong care coordination capabilities, our role includes identification of eligible members utilizing our
analytics, vaccination education and concierge services, second dose reminders and ensuring we follow-
up on any complications. We are also engaged in industry-wide efforts to conduct vaccine surveillance,
identify regions where vaccinations are lagging and intervene to help our members access vaccine. By
collaborating with other health insurances, we can align regionally communication efforts to educate and
engage members and reduce disparities in vaccine use across the U.S.

Inequity in health care is an area that we are particularly focused on, recognizing that we must play a
critical role, working closely with our industry and governmental partners to address the imbalance that
exists today. Data shows that Medicare Advantage is continuing to grow as the preferred option for those
who are low income and for racial and ethnic minorities. Of the nearly 26 million Advantage -- Medicare
Advantage members, there is a growing diversity in enrollment with more than 28% of the beneficiaries
being racial and ethnic minorities as compared to 21% in traditional Medicare. This data demonstrates that
as we think about disparities in health care for underserved populations, Medicare Advantage plans are
uniquely positioned to address the needs of these members.

Humana is committed to leverage our business platforms to support local communities in their efforts
to lower social and health disparities. This includes enhancing access to care by continuing to expand
and build primary care centers in underserved markets, offering supplemental benefits, including over-
the-counter medication coverage, transportation, dental and vision as well as taking a leadership role in
enhancing innovative solutions aimed at addressing social determinants for both Medicare and Medicaid. In
addition, we recently named Dr. Nwando Olayiwola to the newly created position of Senior Vice President
and Chief Equity Officer effective in April of this year. Dr. Olayiwola will set direction and establish strategy
to promote health equity across all Humana lines of business, including our care delivery assets, while
working collaboratively with the broader health care community to advance health equity so health care
can work better for everyone, regardless of background, age or economic status.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

In closing, we remain committed to public-private partnerships that are solution oriented and drive results
that will meaningfully benefit the health care system in the coming years. With that, I'll turn the call over
to Brian.

Brian Andrew Kane
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Bruce, and good morning, everyone. Today, we reported full year 2020 adjusted earnings per
share of $18.75, consistent with our guidance commentary throughout the year. As Bruce described in
detail, despite the unique challenges we faced in 2020 due to the pandemic, our fundamentals remain
very strong with the underlying core business delivering compelling results for the full year, including a
19% increase in consolidated revenue and an 11% increase in our total Medicare Advantage membership.
We were also pleased to be able to maintain stable benefits and premiums for our members, despite
the return of the $1.2 billion health insurance fee, or HIF, which was not deductible for tax purposes
and disproportionately impacted our business relative to the competition. In addition, I would like to
echo Bruce's congratulations to our Medicaid team for our recent contract awards in Oklahoma and our
announced expansion in South Carolina. These awards further demonstrate our ability to drive organic
Medicaid growth, and together with our iCare acquisition in Wisconsin, expand our Medicaid presence from
3 states to 6.

I will turn now to our fourth quarter results and underlying trends, which provide important context for
our initial 2021 guide. As expected, we reported an adjusted loss per share of $2.30 for the first -- for the
fourth quarter of 2020 on account of the significant investments made in all of our constituents because
of the pandemic. Further, as disclosed in our 8-K filed January 8, we experienced a significant increase
in COVID treatment and testing costs across the nation in November and December. For full year 2020,
we incurred $1.5 billion in gross COVID treatment costs, $1.3 billion of which were related to Medicare
or $825 million net of capitation to providers in risk arrangements. As a result of the dramatic increase
in COVID during these months, we also experienced a decline in non-COVID utilization in the fourth
quarter, particularly for Medicare, as fewer people sought nonemergent care. As a result, non-COVID
Medicare utilization was approximately 15% below baseline in November and December after having
nearly returned to baseline levels in October.

Overall utilization in the quarter, including COVID costs, was a bit below baseline for Medicare and
above for commercial. While the magnitude of these changes was unexpected, the decline in non-
COVID utilization in the quarter relative to our prior expectations more than offset the increase in
COVID treatment and testing costs. We were, therefore, able to increase our spending for ongoing
pandemic relief efforts and investments to advance the company's strategy. It is important to note that
investments in the Group and Specialty segment in the quarter, particularly those intended to ease
financial stress for providers while positioning the business for long-term success, were disproportionate
relative to the reduction in non-COVID utilization levels for the company's commercial group medical
and specialty members, significantly increasing the segment's benefit ratio. In addition, as is customary,
marketing costs associated with the Medicare Advantage Annual Election Period, along with COVID-
related investments, were heavily weighted to the fourth quarter in our retail segment as reflected in our
operating cost ratio.

I will now speak to our expectations and related assumptions for 2021. Today, we are providing adjusted
EPS guidance for 2021 of $21.25 to $21.75, reflecting approximately 16% growth off of our $18.50 2020
baseline at the midpoint. While this guidance is consistent with our previous high level 2021 commentary
from our third quarter earnings call, the embedded COVID assumptions in today's guidance have changed
materially since that time, with largely offsetting headwinds and tailwinds in revenue and benefits
expense. This is consistent with our previous commentary that there are natural countervailing forces
between trends in COVID treatment costs and trends in non-COVID utilization.

Importantly, in an effort to simplify any explanations we are going to provide, we have included a slide on
our Investor Relations website, which summarizes the expected full year impact of the various material
headwinds and tailwinds to our guidance today, rather than discussing any incremental changes since the
third quarter conference call. At the time of that call, we reflected both revenue and expense puts and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

takes into our high-level commentary about expected 2021 financial performance. Since that time, the
magnitude of the COVID-related impacts have increased significantly. Therefore, as I said, we will provide
full year estimates, inclusive of where we stood at the time of the third quarter call so as to provide our
investors with a comprehensive assessment of our latest estimates. I would note that this heightened level
of transparency, whereby we provide granular assumptions on a number of variables, is necessitated by
the unique uncertainties that the pandemic creates for our 2021 financial outlook.

I would also note that the numbers we are providing today are for individual and group Medicare
Advantage only as the net impact of the pandemic on our other lines of business is currently expected to
be relatively immaterial. Additionally, it is important to note that we are providing reasonably wide ranges,
given the inherent uncertainty of our estimates for each line item. And finally, so as to make it easier for
investors to understand the full financial picture, all the COVID-related figures we are discussing today
are net numbers after taking into account our capitation agreements in which provider groups take risk in
whole or in part on the member.

With that context, I will now discuss the material COVID-related headwinds and tailwinds facing our
Medicare business in 2021. I will begin with Medicare Risk Adjustment, or MRA. We now expect an MRA
revenue headwind of approximately $700 million to $1 billion, representing 1% to 1.5% of Medicare
premium for the full year. As a reminder, Humana's 2021 Medicare Advantage revenue is primarily driven
by the risk assumed to care for our membership, established through conditions documented by providers
within the 2020 calendar year. While we know that 2021 prospective payment amounts from CMS based
on diagnoses codes incurred through June of 2020 and submitted by the first Friday in September, over
the coming months, these payments will be adjusted to reflect additional conditions documented for claims
incurred within the 2020 calendar year. While we estimate and accrue for the incremental revenue from
anticipated submissions as the year progresses, there is a higher degree of uncertainty in our revenue
projections compared to a normal year.

Let me spend a few minutes addressing the drivers of this increased uncertainty. First, while we worked
tirelessly throughout 2020 to ensure members had access to and were receiving the appropriate level of
care, including by significantly increasing outreach and availability of in-home care and providing access
to video telehealth clinician visits, the meaningful drop in non-COVID medical utilization in November
and December was not expected. Those are important months as they round out our ability to drive
meaningful clinical interactions with our members, and therefore, the unexpected decline in utilization
affected our ability to appropriately document their conditions.

Second, the mix of utilization was very different in 2020 relative to prior years. For example, the dramatic
increase in the number of telehealth visits from 2019 to 2020, although critical in allowing our members
to access care while affording us the opportunity to document their conditions, nonetheless, creates
greater uncertainty around the type and volume of diagnoses codes collected. Separately, utilization for
in-patient and non-in-patient continued to increase for COVID diagnosis throughout the year. Accordingly,
within the mix of submissions from 2020 that drive our 2021 revenue, we also expect organic diagnosis
code submissions tied to COVID claims, for which we have limited visibility at this time. These are just 2
examples of how emerging experience in 2020 creates more uncertainty in our MRA revenue projections
for 2021 because we are not able to place the same level of reliance on historical trends as compared to a
normal year.

I will now discuss COVID-related utilization. As a general rule, we have seen an inverse relationship
between COVID treatment costs and levels of non-COVID utilization, as surges in the pandemic led to
less nonessential care being sought by our members. While the ratio of COVID treatment to non-COVID
depressed utilization has varied, to date, we have seen in our Medicare book that the level of depressed
utilization has more than offset the treatment cost. The shape of the COVID case curve is one of the
largest drivers of these 2 related factors, and as such, they remain the 2 largest sources of uncertainty
for 2021, given the unprecedented nature of the pandemic. To set a bit more context around what we
are seeing currently, the COVID and non-COVID utilization trends we saw in the fourth quarter persisted
throughout January. Medicare in-patient non-COVID utilization is running approximately 20% below
baseline, with non-in-patient reduction percentages in the low teens, with a significant caveat that we

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

have a much better view of inpatient admissions for which we receive weekly authorization data than we
do for non-in-patient utilization.

Importantly, the increased COVID treatment costs incurred in November and December 2020 ramped
up quickly with the reduction in non-COVID utilization initially lagging that ramp as would be expected.
We expect the inverse to occur in 2021, such that when COVID treatment costs begin to decline, the
rate of decline will likely be steeper than the bounce back in non-COVID utilization, potentially creating
a favorable impact for a more prolonged period of time. This is consistent with what we saw throughout
2020 as COVID cases ramped up and then declined in various markets. As a result, we now expect
Medicare COVID treatment and testing costs of $525 million to $925 million, which when combined with
the Medicare physician fee schedule increase that I will discuss in a minute, represents approximately
1.9% to 3.1% of normalized Medicare claim costs. This is similar to what we experienced in 2020 and is
consistent with the expectation that the pandemic will begin to subside as more people get vaccinated
through the first and second quarters.

In addition, subsequent to the third quarter call, a net claims headwind of $175 million to $200 million
resulted from the increase to the physician fee schedule rates for 2021 as part of the December stimulus
bill, partially offset by a net $80 million to $90 million impact from the Medicare sequester relief extension
through March 31. Our guidance to date does not assume that the sequester relief will be extended
for the rest of the year. Finally, for full year 2021, we currently expect a reduction of $1.3 billion to
$2 billion in Medicare non-COVID utilization off a normalized claims pattern, including lower flu costs,
which are significantly reduced compared to normal seasonal patterns. This reflects overall non-COVID
annual reductions of approximately 3.6% to 5.5% off a normalized claim pattern, and inclusive of COVID
treatment costs, a reduction of approximately 1.7% to 2.4%. For full year 2020, the all-in reduction with
and without COVID was approximately 5.9% and 8.6%, respectively.

We, of course, acknowledge that the ranges we are providing are wide and are a consequence of the
continued heightened uncertainty surrounding the ongoing pandemic. We recognize that it will take
at least several months to both ascertain from CMS the negative impact to our 2021 revenue growth
expectations, resulting from decreased utilization experience in 2020, including, in particular, the
unanticipated depression in non-COVID utilization in the final 2 months of 2020 and to the extent to
which this reduction in utilization and associated medical cost impact, net of COVID-related expenses,
persists into 2021. With respect to quarterly utilization patterns, our guidance ranges assume that we will
experience non-COVID utilization levels that reflect double-digit percentage reductions to baseline levels
throughout the first few months of 2021, before ramping back up and running slightly above baseline
levels towards the end of the year. Similarly, we assume COVID testing and treatment costs will continue
to run at the higher levels experienced in November and December in the first quarter of 2021 and trend
down as the vaccine becomes more widely available in the second quarter.

With that said, there are a range of potential scenarios, and we would expect any variance in our
assumptions around COVID treatment costs to be more than offset by a change in non-COVID utilization.
As I said before, we expect that COVID and non-COVID utilization are driven by naturally countervailing
forces. Also as a reminder, we believe capacity constraints in the health care system will prevent non-
COVID utilization from running materially above baseline and also limit the amount of time a modest
increase above a normal baseline could continue. Therefore, given the deviation from historical patterns
we will experience in 2021, forecasting quarterly EPS splits is much more difficult than usual, but we do
expect a meaningfully higher portion of our earnings coming in the first quarter than we typically see. As
such, we expect the first quarter to contribute just below 1/3 of the annual total versus a more typical
first quarter, which will contribute 800 to 1,000 basis points less. As an important aside, while utilization
patterns will be most significantly affected in the first quarter of the year, we expect the negative impact
on revenue to be more equally split throughout the year.

Now that I've walked you through the material Medicare headwinds and tailwinds, I'm going to turn
to our expected operating performance by segment. I encourage you to reference the waterfall slide
provided on our Investor Relations website with the webcast materials. As outlined in the waterfall, given
the pandemic, we must first reset the baseline off of which to grow 2021 adjusted EPS. As discussed
previously, our starting point is $18.50, which represents the midpoint of our initial adjusted EPS guide

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

for 2020 and effectively neutralizes for any COVID impacts throughout 2020. Importantly, we believe we
struck the appropriate balance in our pricing between top and bottom line growth while investing for long-
term sustainability, contemplating both the permanent repeal of the health insurance industry fee and the
significant impact of the pandemic, which creates more uncertainty than we would experience in a typical
year.

Our 2021 consolidated revenue guidance of $80.3 billion to $81.9 billion at the book midpoint reflects
year-over-year growth of approximately 8% from adjusted 2020 consolidated revenue. This growth
is primarily driven by our expected 11% to 12% individual MA membership growth, partially offset by
anticipated declines in group MA and standalone PDP membership. The revenue is also adversely impacted
by the MRA headwind previously discussed as well as fewer months of sequester relief in 2021 versus
2020. Additionally, and as previously discussed, the after-tax benefit of the hit was worth approximately
$2 in EPS, and we took a balanced approach in increasing our benefits to our members while providing
enhanced earnings to our shareholders. We have incorporated the HIF's impact in the segment waterfall
bars.

In our Retail segment, we are excited about the balanced Medicare growth we have seen, and particularly
our industry-leading D-SNP growth. Our Medicaid business also continues to perform very well, and we
are excited about the opportunities ahead for this growing business. Taken together, the Retail segment
is expected to show strong operating improvement as demonstrated in the waterfall, contributing an
incremental $1.21 to adjusted EPS. With respect to our Group and Specialty segment, while we are
facing some pressures on account of the pandemic, specifically as it relates to actions by our competitors
to retain membership, the business continues to execute on its growth strategy, and we are excited
about the prospects for our major medical, specialty and military businesses. We expect the segment to
contribute approximately $0.05 of incremental adjusted EPS to the enterprise for 2021.

For Healthcare Services, we experienced double-digit adjusted EBITDA percentage growth from 2019
to 2020 and expect high-teens growth year-over-year in 2021. Accordingly, we expect the increase
in Healthcare Services adjusted EBITDA to contribute an incremental $1.72 to adjusted EPS. In our
Pharmacy business, we anticipate continued momentum, primarily driven by our strong Medicare
Advantage membership growth and continued increased mail order penetration. Likewise, our Home
business is anticipated to perform well, led by Kindred at Home, and our wholly owned provider
businesses continue to improve core operating performance while meaningfully expanding our primary
care center footprint, as Bruce described.

In summary, our 2021 adjusted EPS guidance of $21.25 to $21.75 reflects growth of 16% from the $18.50
baseline at the midpoint, modestly above our long-term target of 11% to 15%. Since 2017, following the
termination of the Aetna merger, the company has achieved an adjusted EPS compounded annual growth
rate of 16.4%, which is above the top end of our 11% to 15% long-term growth commitment we have
made to our investors.

While it's very early, I want to close with some preliminary thoughts on our current view of 2022. Our
expectation is that 2022 will be a more normal year, and as we get into the spring and summer, we expect
the vaccine to take hold and COVID utilization to decline, allowing non-COVID utilization to trend back
to more normal levels, enabling providers to see our members in the ordinary course and appropriately
document their clinical conditions, resulting in more normalized medical costs and revenue expectations
for 2022. Therefore, barring any major unforeseen circumstances or significant changes in the course of
the pandemic, the midpoint of the 2021 adjusted EPS guidance that we provided today of $21.50 is the
baseline off of which investors should think about growing earnings for 2022. As we do every year, we will
consider a variety of factors as we approach our bids in the spring, including any lingering impacts of the
pandemic either on revenue or utilization relative to baseline as well as other external dynamics.
Before I open up the line for questions, I also wanted to announce that we plan to host an Investor Day
on Tuesday, June 15, 2021. Please save the date. With that, we will open the lines up for your questions.
[Operator Instructions] Operator, please introduce the first caller.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

We have our first question from the line of Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America.

Kevin Mark Fischbeck
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Great. Maybe just following up on that last point about kind of how you guys are viewing this year's
guidance as a baseline. I guess when you guys submitted your bids back in June, obviously, there's been
some legislative changes, things like that, that have happened. So basically, what you're saying is that
COVID has completely offset all of the kind of external legislative changes and everything else. I just want
to make sure that I'm understanding that correctly, and that I guess, everything can be "repriced". I guess
I'm just struggling a little bit with the $2 HIF, and how to think about that over a multiyear period? It feels
like it's a relatively low net addition over time?

Brian Andrew Kane
Chief Financial Officer

Kevin, let me just try to provide some context on our bids and how we roll forward today. When we
approached our bids in the spring and early summer this past year, we obviously knew we had a
significant pandemic that we had to contend with. And we ran a host of scenarios on the revenue and
the cost side to put in a pricing what we felt was an appropriate adjustment. And there were certainly
countervailing forces. We anticipated that there could be a revenue headwind. We ran various utilization
scenarios to see whether there would be any offsets, and we put our assumption into our pricing.

Rolling forward to the third quarter when we gave guidance, obviously, a lot of things by definition
changed since pricing and the sort of the high-level guidance we gave at the time reflected our current
view of those headwinds and tailwinds that we would face. I would also remind you that, as we've said
multiple times throughout the year that, our operators are spending a significant amount of time working
to try to mitigate any of those revenue headwinds by really trying to see our members, which was really
important to get into their homes, visit them either in-person or via telehealth, where we would also have
the benefit of being able to document their conditions. And so we took a really significant effort, invested a
lot of dollars to be able to do that.

And so as we approached the third quarter, we understood where we were relative to those expectations
and, obviously, updated our utilization expectations for 2021. And in that context, we provided 2021
guidance -- or high level guidance. November and December happened, a lot changed, significant
decrease in utilization, which was unexpected, as the COVID pandemic really took off and hit levels that
really exceeded any expectations and were much higher levels than were even hit in the spring and was
nationwide. And so that clearly impacted our perspective.

And so as we approached the JPMorgan Conference in January, we felt it was important to get out to our
investors and provide some high-level commentary on what we are seeing of potential countervailing
headwinds and tailwinds. And so we've done that. Here, we provided, obviously, a lot of granular detail on
that, but there is a lot of variation in these numbers. I mean you can see there are wide ranges, and we've
deliberately provided those wide ranges. We think what's on this page is obviously reasonable. There is
nothing that we're seeing that suggests that these numbers aren't reasonable, but where we fall in these
ranges on all these variables matters a lot. And that's something, obviously, that we're going to continue
to watch closely, and as appropriate, we would update investors on that.

But I would just say, as we said in our remarks, that 2021 has heightened uncertainty relative to what we
thought coming into the year. And to your question on HIF, we actually feel we achieved an appropriate
balance between giving dollars back to our members through higher benefits, which we did, and giving
higher EPS growth to our shareholders where we're exceeding our typical 11% to 15% growth. And at
our midpoint, notwithstanding all of the COVID headwinds and tailwinds, we were still able to guide to a

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

midpoint that's above that range. So we think we've achieved the right balance. There is no doubt that
2021 has a heightened level of uncertainty, and we're going to be monitoring it very closely and keep you
updated, which is why we've also, I think, anchored investors on 2022 with the hope and expectation that,
that will be a much more normal year.

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

Kevin, just to add a little bit on the HIF side. Our historical practice has been passing the pretax on to the
-- to our members, both the cost and the benefit, as you well know, has come and gone during the year.
So this past bid season was very consistent with what we've done on the pretax side. And on the post-
tax side, the tax benefit, we've always tried to be fair as -- to both our members and shareholders. And
we typically divided that 50-50, both on the cost side and on the kind of the benefit side there. So I think
what we've done this year is pretty consistent from our historical treatment of the HIF.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser from Morgan Stanley.

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So just couple of questions of clarification. When we think about your guidance and sort of to balance the
cadence between first half and second half, what are the embedded assumptions for return of utilization
for the Medicare population versus baseline? Or at least what is the range? And then secondly, when we
think about 2022, to your point, we want to anchor in 2022 of that starting point of $21.50, but when you
think about the 2021 COVID-related headwinds, can you maybe help us quantify what is reasonable for us
to back out of the 2021 number as we think of a more normalized 2022? I think truly onetime in nature.

Brian Andrew Kane
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Yes. Let me start with utilization patterns and then try to address 2022, recognizing we just gave
2021 guidance. So we're not going to provide a lot of details on 2022, obviously. With respect to the
utilization patterns, as we mentioned in our remarks, we expect the first quarter to see the most
depressed utilization and certainly, the highest COVID treatment cost. And so those, as I mentioned, offset
one another. But again, we expect that the most sort of utilization depression will occur in the first quarter.
We expect the utilization to remain depressed in the second quarter, although not as much, and then we
expect it to ramp up more towards normal and then a bit above normal as we approach the back half of
the year and the end of the year.

So that's how we're broadly thinking about it, which we think is consistent with what we're seeing with the
vaccinations and the progress there. As that impacts 2022, it's really hard to give specifics at this point.
Again, we'll have to decide when we get to the spring, what's appropriate to reflect in our bids. We'll be
very mindful of what we're seeing in terms of headwinds and tailwinds with respect to COVID and revenue
and utilization like we were this year. But beyond that, I wouldn't want to comment other than to say,
we do think $21.50 is a reasonable baseline off of which to think about 2022 without providing any more
specifics beyond that today.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Josh Raskin from Nephron Research.

Joshua Richard Raskin
Nephron Research LLC

So I know you guys have spoken in the past about new members in MA coming in at higher MLRs in
that first year. Could you just give us a sense as to what the typical first year MLR looks like for an MA
member? And then this inability to risk code, is that affecting new lives at all? Or is that really just an
existing book that typically sees the revenue improvement? And then apologies, but I'm just clearing, I

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

know 2022 isn't -- we're not looking for guidance here, but is it correct to think that there'll be kind of a
bolus of premium benefit? You'll have all of the older members that have been with you for a couple of
years that get coded correctly as well as the new cohort in 2021. Is that a fair way to think about the MRA
benefit in 2022?

Brian Andrew Kane
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So the way I would think about it, rather than focusing on MERs, I'd rather just focus on pretaxes,
what we've discussed in the past. I think it's fair to say that new members tend to be breakeven. These
steps may run a little bit better out of the gate, but not a lot of profitability in the first year. Certainly, as
we get to the second and third year, we start getting to more of our normalized margins as we're able
to document our members' conditions and also get them in our clinical programs, and that really hasn't
changed. I think that's consistent with what we've seen. And certainly, that's what we typically plan for in
our bids.

We think without providing too much detail on 2022, I think it's fair to say that you might see effectively
a catch-up in 2022. So any MRA revenue headwind we've seen in 2022, which is a function of sort of our
existing membership base, and remember, it's not just the members that we've had, but it's also the new
members that we got, particularly if they were in other Medicare plans. So if they're a switcher, they would
also have sort of -- we'd have less of their documentation than normal for the same reasons because our
competitors weren't able to get those conditions documented either. And so you will see sort of the -- for
us, the 2021 cohort as well as, frankly, some of our other cohorts where we weren't able to redocument
their conditions, you will see more of a sort of an increase in 2022. And that will be something that we
plan for in our bids as we figure out what percent of normal do we expect to be for 2022 based on 2021
utilization. Hopefully, that was clear.

Operator

We have our next question, comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe from Citi.

Ralph Giacobbe
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

I just wanted to go back and understand the assumptions on the core again or the non-COVID utilization.
I think, on the slide, it said minus 3.6% to minus 5.5%. It sounded like that was off of a 2021 normalized
baseline. I just want to make sure that's right. And I guess it'd be helpful to understand what you
normally assume for utilization increases? Or maybe even just how it compares to kind of 2019? And then
it sounds like the first quarter is running down 20% on the non-COVID. Did I hear that right?

Brian Andrew Kane
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So Ralph, so we don't -- we're not going to give you specific sort of utilization assumptions that --
we're very transparent, but we can't be that transparent on some of our core stuff on that regard. But I
would just say, as it relates to utilization, we've been thoughtful about sort of normalized trends and then
think about what the impact might be when we did our pricing for 2021 on all these various variables that
we've talked about. Really, what we mean by a normalized baseline is actually, really straightforward,
which is to say if you are -- if you just stripped out COVID entirely, what would the claims assumption be,
based on sort of the normal inflators we would use from 2021 over 2020. And so whatever sort of secular
trends and other things that we build in, trend vendors and other things, we get to sort of a net trend ex
COVID and that's really the baseline. Just to give you a -- make it easier for you to compare relative to,
say, our 2020 ex COVID what the baseline reduction is. And that's why I tried to say sort of ex COVID for
Medicare, it was, call it, 8.5%, 8.6% down for 2020 relative to the 3.6% to 5.5% that we guided today.

So again, we think that number is reasonable. Again, we could be wrong. That's -- there's just a wide
range here. And I -- again, as I just emphasized, that there is more uncertainty around this 2021 number
than we would typically have because when we formulate those trend assumptions that you were asking
about, we have a lot of historical experience. We have hundreds of actuaries, very smart people working

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

on our trend assumptions. It's something that we think we're very good at in ensuring we bake in the
appropriate levels of potential trend variances. We're dealing here in a whole new world with a pandemic
where we have no historical experience. And so that creates some of the challenges in our forecasting.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice from Crédit Suisse.

Albert J. William Rice
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Just to drill down a little bit on the '21 outlook. So you've got the COVID testing and treatment headwind,
is substantially less than the tailwind for depressed COVID utilization, but you're talking about the
interplay there. And I think, in the prepared remarks, you said as the vaccine gets widely disseminated,
you'd expect the COVID testing and treatment to come off quicker than the utilization of non-COVID to
come back. So long-winded, setting the stage for the question. So if you -- if the vaccine gets widely
distributed quicker than you think or later than you think, does that move the assumptions around within
the range? Or could that throw you outside the range? And I guess, I'd also ask, you've talked a lot about
the investments that you made this year. I know a lot of that investment was just giving help to your
constituents, but does that give you any flexibility within this guidance range because you pulled forward
investments in 2020 that would have otherwise kind of happened in '21. How much flexibility does that
give you in your range?

Brian Andrew Kane
Chief Financial Officer

A.J., I would say on the first question, there's a lag really because as people are not, of course, seeing
their doctor and going to the hospital. They're not able to schedule the surgeries, for example. It just
takes time for the system to ramp back up. So there is just sort of a natural trail off that, just given the
volumes we're talking about, they're not insignificant. And it's one of the reasons why we had the tailwinds
we had in 2020, was that delay. It just takes time to get the gears cranking again, and they will crank
again. And we certainly forecast that, but there is that delay.

To the extent the vaccine rolls out more slowly or there is a variant in the virus that we've heard and
that they're not as effective, that, for sure, can affect our ranges here. We've tried to capture what we
think are reasonable ranges based on today's sets of facts and circumstances. To the extent those facts
and circumstances change, it's conceivable that some of these sort of COVID treatment versus non-
COVID cost, that could be impacted. Again, it's likely that because there is a -- there is that inverse
correlation, they will offset one another, though in the Medicare business, it tends to lead to a tailwind, as
we mentioned. The commercial business is not as clear. As you mentioned, in the fourth quarter, we are
running a little bit above par all-in, but for the Medicare business, we were below.

The investments, to your question there, we really, I would say, pulled all those out for 2021. So there is
really not any additional flexibility there. We were very clear to confine those investments to 2020. And as
we've described, we benefit all of our constituents and really gave back a lot of those dollars, which was
important to do, but that was not baked in, in any way into our 2021 pricing or to our guidance.

Operator

We have our next question, comes from the line of Robert Jones from Goldman Sachs.

Robert Patrick Jones
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Great. I mean, maybe just to go back to the MRA headwind. I know it's a tricky thing to get your arms
around, but maybe just more of a tactical question. If you are, in fact, expecting non-COVID utilization
to be down again because of -- obviously, because of COVID, obviously, the risk adjustment was an issue
coming into this year. I guess, just tactically speaking, what things specifically are you thinking about
doing differently in '21 as it relates to getting the appropriate risk coding, given that there's probably
going to be a similar dynamic, at least for part of the year that made it a challenge coming into this year?
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

Just curious if there is a different approach, maybe you're taking or more aggressive approach you're
taking this year as it relates to risk coding.

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Brian, I'll take that to give you a little break. Just on the -- we, in really the third and fourth quarter,
were fairly aggressive in trying to ensure that our members were utilizing the health system, and in
addition that we are being able to provide in-home assessments and other areas where documentation
was appropriate. And I would say we would continue to carry that forward in the first part of this year and
continuing throughout the year. Because I would -- we did readdress where we're at and began to really
become aggressive and use all availability. I do believe the biggest area that we -- our challenge with this
is just the normal course of people not using the health care system.

We are very active both with our value-based providers and, in addition, with our outbound engagement
with our members to ensure that they are going to the physician office or utilizing the health care system.
We'll continue to do that. We have a team of people that are focused on this every day to try to really
help, whether it's lining up transportation, to the ability to -- for us to provide telehealth to them, to the
ability to have an in-home assessment. And I really would say, we'll just continue to do what we did in the
third and fourth quarter. But getting people into the health care system is our biggest both opportunity
and challenge. And as the health care system readjusts itself to really treating COVID and social isolation
becomes more and more of an issue in -- where the markets are spiking, that really gives us the largest
challenge, I think. If it was just COVID-related and it was fairly stable in the marketplace, we would be
able to navigate through this in a fairly effective fashion with the programs we have.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Justin Lake from Wolfe Research.

Justin Lake
Wolfe Research, LLC

Just a couple of questions here on numbers. First, you -- can you -- you've given us a lot of detail here.
Can you tell us what the total Medicare risk adjustment impact was for 2021 on a gross basis, meaning
how big of an impact is it to your yields overall? And what do you expect your yields to be for 2021 on a
year-over-year basis? And then just on Medicare Advantage margins, it looked like your retail margins are
about 3% in the -- within guidance. Can you confirm that's kind of where you expect individual Medicare
Advantage margins to be in 2021?

Brian Andrew Kane
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. Justin, so on the MRA side, what we're showing here effectively is the total headwind net of
mitigation. And so as Bruce just described, we did a lot to really try to get our members into the health
care system and make sure we can see them. And so this is the sort of the full headwind that we currently
face. And again, we want to be very transparent, but this is net of our mitigation efforts. As it relates to
yields, we typically don't, as you know, guide to PMPMs, but just to help you out, I would say, is sort of
flat, maybe modestly up is the way I would describe our individual MA PMPM expectations, and we'll see
where that ultimately goes.

But there are a lot of things that impact that, Justin, as you know. Obviously, MRA is one of them. The
rate notice is another. Sequester is another. Remember, there is fewer months of sequester relief this year.
Business mix is a very significant driver because there are pretty disparate rates around the country. So
depending on where you grow, that can impact it. So there are a host of things that impact yields, but it's
a fair question and understand where you're going.

Now I would be disappointed if you didn't ask us about the margin question. So I'm glad you took
the opportunity, and I know it's a fair question. I think it's important when you look at the overall
retail margin, is to -- remember that there are multiple businesses inside the Retail segment. First off,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

the margin has been impacted by the HIF and the fact that it was nondeductible. So there is a lot of
geography going on there, and certainly, we thought about after tax. I mean we sort of managed the
pretax, but think about the after-tax impact as we thought about our pricing, et cetera.

As we just discussed, we balance giving back some of the tax benefit, both to our members in the form
of higher benefits as well as to our shareholders. So there is some geography issues that will impact and
depress the margin. There are also -- as we've discussed on the PDP side, a lot of the margin has come
out of that product. And in fact, most of the margin today, if not all the margin today, is in the pharmacy
for us. We've talked about how that product has become much more of a commodity product at these
levels of premium. It's hard to make money on the insurance side, and so we're doing nicely on the
pharmacy side. And so we want to -- we'll continue to be aggressive in this business.

And as Bruce commented in his remarks, our mail order penetration continues to, we think, reach very,
very high levels both on the MA side, but also on the PDP side. So -- but again, that's a geography
issue. So as you think about individual MA margins, you need to take that into account. Also, just to be
transparent here, group MA has seen some margin impacts from some of the larger accounts that have
been shifting back and forth between major competitors. When there is margin to those accounts when
they get rebid, sometimes takes a few years to recover that margin. And so that's also driving some of
the impact there, too. So it is, for sure, the case that we are below our 4.5% to 5% target, I would say,
reasonably below that target. We are committed to that over the longer term to get back to that 4.5%
to 5%, but I would just say there are a lot of things impacting that number, and there is a lot of sort of
variables embedded in that retail overall guide that you're looking at.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Lance Wilkes from Bernstein.

Lance Arthur Wilkes
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Could you talk a little bit about the investments in provider assets? And in particular, I was interested in
what you're seeing as far as MLR differential and growth rate differential for members and the lines of
business that are in value-based care partner or owned primary care assets?

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

Yes, I'll take that. We see great results in the primary care clinics, both in the ones we own and the
affiliated ones. We'd see, and we've showed a slide on for a number of years. As physicians continue
to evolve to deeper value-based relationship model, we see superior performance and the star scores
typically greater than 4 to 4.5. We see great MLR, significantly below what the average is in the industry,
and we also see great Net Promoter Score. All that combined, that's why you see us aggressively pursuing
on both our affiliated relationships and in addition, building our primary care clinics to place our members
in those clinics.

The challenge with the clinic side is just they're organic. There is not enough capacity in the marketplace
to fill the demand. So you see a lot of start-up -- clinics from a start-up point of view being invested in
to build the capacity there. And so for us, for more capacity constraint as opposed to for our growth. Our
growth traditionally has been at equal to and greater than what you see in the traditional 10% to 12%
growth that you've seen over the last few years in these clinics and getting more and more members
in those clinics. And I think you'll see that growth accelerate as the capacity becomes more and more
available for us. On the value-based provider side of the business, outside of the ones that are clinic
oriented, we continue to see really, really great -- good results from that. Those results are a little less
than the clinic results. We see good star scores. We see 4 and above, and we see good Net Promoter
Scores, but it does not compare to the outcomes that we see in the clinic side.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Scott Fidel from Stephens.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

Scott J. Fidel
Stephens Inc., Research Division

I wanted to ask just about maybe an update on how you're thinking about some of the puts and takes
with the ESRD coverage expansion that played out in MA. Obviously, that was already one of the big
changes for MA in 2021 before COVID kicked in. So just interested, maybe first, if you could, if you have
an estimate of how much your MA membership for ESRD actually changed for 2021? And then as we think
about the impacts of the pandemic on that population and then try to overlay that into the rates that
you have, how you're thinking about sort of the overall margin profile expectations that you had for that
population now versus prepandemic?

Brian Andrew Kane
Chief Financial Officer

I'm happy to start and Bruce can put color on any of the strategic side here. But I would say, just from a
sheer numbers perspective, we got about, call it, 10,000 or so, plus or minus, lives from ESRD in the AEP,
which puts us to around 29,000, 30,000 members, which was really right in line with our expectations.
What we expect is, as we've said for a number of quarters here, we think it's going to take several years
to get up to the Medicare Advantage penetration. We think that continues to be the case. And so again,
I'd say right in line with our expectations. These are not profitable members. I think over time, as we
continue to manage them and work with partners and really try to get them before they get the ESRD and
slow their disease progression, we think there is real opportunities to drive profitability. But I would say,
we're getting to a point where it's more or less breakeven as opposed to having any meaningful losses on
these members. But Bruce, I don't know if you want to add anything on that?

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

I would just add, Scott, I know this was an active conversation for us in 2020, and how we were going to
deal with it. And I really have to take the hats off to the team on how they've been able to really develop
some deep partnerships with the 2 major dialysis providers and really be able to evolve the relationships
to a value-based payment model that shares the risk. And that has helped us in being able to effectively
manage the clinical side of this and the cost side, but the clinical side of ESRD.

And then the second thing is we continue to invest in innovative models, both around the coordination of
care and then also where the care is provided in the home. And those 2 strategies really have given us
more confidence in the ability to manage these patients. As Brian said, the patients will continue to be
costly and continue to be at no margin or very, very low margin business for us going forward. So again,
I think we're in a great shape from where we were a year ago when we began talking about this. And as
Brian also said, is that we do see this will be years in the making to see the penetration to the average
penetration of MA overall.

Scott J. Fidel
Stephens Inc., Research Division

And Bruce, do you think that the pandemic itself has much impact on this population? I don't know if some
of the providers you have talked given some updates recently, just thinking about that population as it
relates to the pandemic itself?

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Typical to any vulnerable population, whether it's ESRD or other chronic conditions, you do have
a higher likelihood of having more severe cases in those populations. And for us, we are very active in
managing the populations that have those vulnerable conditions. So I would say, they are different than
the average population because of their conditions, but they are not different than our other chronic
members and how we effectively reach out to them and manage them, and they are reflected, obviously,
in the results that Brian was talking about in our -- in where we look at COVID being more costly in our
forecast.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Matt Borsch from BMO Capital Markets.

Matthew Richard Borsch
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Maybe I could ask about on Medicaid. What you are assuming or how you're thinking about the Medicaid
rate process, given the action states took in the second half of last year? And then maybe also what you're
assuming on the resumption of redeterminations, if you can just address that?

Brian Andrew Kane
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. I'm happy to take that. So just on the rate side, we're waiting to see, and our major states are
Kentucky and Florida. I think we expect some rate adjustments, and we're waiting to see, and we certainly
bake what our expectations might be into our -- sort of into our Medicaid budget. And so we're waiting
to see the impact there. With respect to redeterminations, you see -- we've given a pretty wide guidance
range on Medicaid membership. Effectively, the assumption is the public health emergency ends in April.
We'll -- if that happens, then we expect to lose some lives because we saw a nice increase this past year,
but as the redeterminations happen, that will cause that membership to decline.

And so I would say that's sort of our base case expectation as we think about our overall guidance
and revenue, et cetera. To the extent that the public health emergency is extended, redeterminations
don't happen, that will cause the increase in membership to continue, which -- again, I think, would be
relatively immaterial to the overall enterprise, but would cause us to have a higher membership at the end
of the year. And that, of course, excludes anything from South Carolina or Oklahoma, which will kick in
later this year, and our guide excludes that.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette from Barclays.

Steven James Valiquette
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Maybe just a question for Bruce, just on the COVID cost risk. As we do think about your ability to control
the medical cost in '21 versus 2020, specifically for COVID, has there been any evolution on the provider
side for '21 where value-based providers that want to go at risk for any sort of episodic bundled payments
related to COVID patients? Or is that not really evolved? And if not, are there any other evolving payment
arrangements with providers you can talk about, specifically tied to COVID that's different for '21 versus
'20?

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Good question. We don't have a bundled type of payment model for COVID. I mean we have many
bundles in other conditions and -- but not for COVID. And we haven't seen that really any uptake with
physicians on that. Keep in mind, a lot of the COVID cost is on a DRG basis and incorporated in the DRG
side. The testing is something of a lesser magnitude here. So going at risk for that, I think, is fairly small
and immaterial kind. I think to broaden your question a little bit, what we do see is that when we do have
value-based relationships, the proactiveness of really helping the member in this time is so important for
us, especially as you think about downstream cost and other conditions that could occur, if not properly
maintained and traded. So to answer your question, we don't see much in COVID bundling in the type of
payment, but we do see very different proactive care models in our value-based payment relationships in
this time, especially with the more vulnerable populations.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of George Hill from Deutsche Bank.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

George Robert Hill
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Bruce, I just wanted to circle back and make sure I heard you right to say that pharmacy mail penetration
was 37%. Was that for the quarter or for the year? I assume, it was for the quarter. And I guess, is it your
expectation that, that kind of comes down a bit as things return to normal? And would love to hear you
talk a little bit more about the strategies that you guys have used to drive mail penetration to such a high
level.

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

Okay. Great. Yes, that's right. I would -- that is actually for the year. We did see an increase in mail
penetration as we looked for the -- in the early part of the COVID pandemic. We saw it in the March and
April time frame as people were really concerned about the lockdown that was happening, and therefore,
were taking 90-day prescriptions and really utilizing the mail order along with the fact that they couldn't
get to the drug stores if they were normal users and became more active users of the mail order.

What we have seen is as a result of the convenience of mail order and really, I would say, as a result of
our service improvement, we've seen more and more people really converting to mail order as a result of
that. And so the pandemic, we have seen, has helped educate individuals of the benefit of mail order and
the ability to continue to utilize it on an ongoing basis as opposed to just through the pandemic and some
of the shutdown periods. So we look at it first as really an accelerator for us in that.

The second thing is that we have a very active investment going in into making it much more consumer
friendly on the mail order side, all the way from the digital platforms that are being used to the
turnaround time of delivery, to be able to ensure that we can meet the expectations and the changing
expectations of customers today on when they expect deliveries to happen. And I would say that our goal
is to really grow the penetration of mail order in our existing book of business.

You asked why sort of high the penetration. I would say it's been a very concentrated effort by our
management team and really all the way from our service centers on the insurance side to our providers
that we have relationships with to our specialty pharmacy area of continuing to remind our members of
the benefits of the mail order. And that continued use throughout the organization of being -- bringing the
mail order conversation in at the appropriate period of time has really assisted in us being able to increase
that rate from a much different rate that is the average in the industry to really a superior rate that you
see Humana having.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Dave Windley from Jefferies.

David Howard Windley
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

I wanted to ask about telehealth, Bruce. You've mentioned it a couple of times during the call. How is
Humana incentivizing telehealth? How are you looking at it as a facilitator to whether it's the primary care
effort that you're putting forth, home health and extension there. I guess, I'm just wondering where are
you using it aggressively? And how are you incentivizing and reimbursing its use.

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

We're big believers in telehealth for -- all the way from the convenience of the member to really being
able to have a channel that is actively engaging with the member at -- especially, the more vulnerable
members where transportation is always a limiter for them. To answer your question about how do we
incentivize them, we're really doing it on 2 sides: First on, we did carry over the copay, the 0 copay this
year to telehealth and carried that on going forward; and then the second thing that we've also done is,
we continued to pay equal to our member -- I mean, our providers visit versus a telehealth visit. And both

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

of those have been, I think, reducing the barriers and really creating, as you said, some incentives to use
telehealth.

We really have a few different strategies of using telehealth. I mean one is around really helping our
providers if they don't have telehealth and providing them some technology that would offer them to
utilize it. That's in a small need for external providers as they have all sort of become very acquainted with
telehealth and being able to use it. Our internal -- our own providers, we offer them a very sophisticated
telehealth platform that they can outreach on the telehealth side. And then the third area that we look
at is continuing to work with hospital systems, especially in the specialty area, where we can have an
outreach where specialists might be in short supply in certain markets and being able to offer that at a
convenience in the local marketplace. So we do see it to help members -- I mean health providers, but
more importantly, we do see us partnering with especially the hospital systems to offer specialty in remote
areas.

David Howard Windley
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Can I clarify real quickly, is that reimbursement at parity, is that in your commercial book as well as
Medicare?

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

I don't know if we are different -- Amy, are we different? Are we giving the different payment by the
different divisions? I don't think we're providing that. I would just say, in general, I know, in general, we're
providing, but I wouldn't want to get into the specifics.

Brian Andrew Kane
Chief Financial Officer

I think the distinction is also, if it's in the office that we're -- we can follow-up, but if it's in the office,
we're doing full reimbursement. If it's not, then it gets more of a reduced rate, but we can get you all the
details.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor from JPMorgan.

Gary Paul Taylor
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I just want to maybe just go back big picture just for a second. Brian, you had talked about a lot of the
MRA, COVID-related headwinds normalizing as you move into 2022, using the $21.50 as a jumping off
point. So when we think about '22, given we've got an early and known final rate notice above historic
rate increase, is there any reason from this distance that we shouldn't be thinking about the long-term
11% to 15% growth off of that $21.50 in 2022.

Brian Andrew Kane
Chief Financial Officer

Well, again, I really don't want to be giving guidance on this call for 2022. I would say, at the highest
level, certainly, our goal is to deliver that 11% to 15% growth. And that's a long-term growth rate, and
sometimes we're above, there have been times when we've been below. But certainly, our goal is to hit
that 11% to 15%, and we always have to take the facts and circumstances at the time when we price. So
hopefully that, I think, gives you the answer.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Charles Rhyee from Cowen.

Charles Rhyee

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

I just wanted to follow-up about telehealth. I think in the prepared comments, you spoke about how
documentation with using telehealth created some uncertainty around coding. I think, later on, Bruce,
you talked about, number one, issues, trying to get people back into the health care system itself. It
sounds like -- is there a disconnect then that when telehealth is used to accurately kind of code people to
understand sort of their actual health status? And is that a fundamental problem with the way telehealth
is set up today? I know in just the previous question, you talked about how you're trying to incentivize
your -- or, all providers to use it. Is this an integration issue? Or is this an issue itself with how telehealth
is being deployed?

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

No, it's really more on the member side what we find. First, telehealth, if you use audio and video today,
can support documentation. So that is possible and regulatorily came into place the latter part of last
year. So it is a way to be able to bring documentation. The problem is that what we see is, once there is
-- when someone uses telehealth, they then use it more frequently. And so we see a significant use of
telehealth, but the members that are using it are more contained, I should say, or more refined, and it's
not across all our membership. So we could see a significant increase in telehealth, but that increase in
telehealth will be over a confined membership base as opposed to across our membership base. And that
really comes to one of the barriers we're working with in the communities we serve, is that not everyone
that accesses either feels comfortable with telehealth as a result of some of the technology limitations
there or just needs to be educated more. They might have the technology, but it might not be integrated.
And that's where we see a lot of work needs to be had, is the ability for telehealth to be used in a more
broad membership base as opposed to the narrower membership base that it has today.

Charles Rhyee
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

If I could follow-up, does that mean when you guys talked earlier then about going into 2021, is it that
just the usage of telehealth itself. You're uncertain whether the coding that your -- the documentation that
you're getting is going to persist at that kind of level? Was that more...

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

Yes. And Brian can add to this, but the -- really, the telehealth is -- let me give you an example. We have
members today that are using telehealth. We are receiving documentation from -- on those members.
The next visit could be a telehealth visit, and therefore, we're not going -- that's not going to improve our
documentation any better. We would love to see another member that hasn't been documented as being
able to receive telehealth, but they're not comfortable with using telehealth for whatever the reasons I
attributed to. So our penetration is more in a narrower membership base. We are working hard to try to
broaden that, but there is a lot of barriers that require that, whether it's access to the technology itself
or the ability to educate people on how to use telehealth. And that's really what we're talking about. It's
a barrier because it is narrowing the membership, we only are penetrating a smaller membership for
documentation.

Operator

And we have no questions at this time. I will now turn the call back to Bruce Broussard. Sir, please go
ahead.

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

Well, thanks, everyone. Again, we continue to thank you for your support and our -- and especially in
this time of complexity and through the pandemic and through 2021. As you can see, the organization
is performing quite well and -- at all levels, strategically, from our consumer point of view and from our

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

financial performance there. And as we end 2020, I think it's a great thank you to our 50,000 employees
that have been dedicated to really delivering these results on behalf of all our constituencies. So thank you
again, and I hope everyone is safe, and have a great day.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you all for participating, and
you may now disconnect. Have a great day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

