IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. NasdaqGS:IDXX
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, January 31, 2020 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.90

0.90

0.00

1.26

4.75

4.75

0.00

5.41

600.60

605.45

0.81

635.01

2401.87

2406.91

0.21

2634.12

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-31-2020 12:55 PM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.06

1.37

1.14

0.90

1.17

1.43

1.24

0.90

10.38 %

4.38 %

8.77 %

0.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brian P. McKeon
CFO, Executive VP & Treasurer

Jonathan Mazelsky
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Andrew Harris Cooper
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

David Michael Westenberg
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Erin Elizabeth Wilson Wright
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Jonathan David Block
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Michael Leonidovich Ryskin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Nathan Allen Rich
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Ryan Scott Daniels
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the IDEXX Laboratories Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. As
a reminder, today's conference is being recorded.

Participating in the call this morning are Jay Mazelsky, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brian
McKeon, Chief Financial Officer; and John Ravis, Senior Director, Investor Relations.

IDEXX would like to preface the discussion today with a caution regarding forward-looking statements.
Listeners are reminded that our discussion during the call will include forward-looking statements that are
subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed
today. Additional information regarding these risks and uncertainties is available under the forward-
looking statements notice in our press release issued this morning as well as in our periodic filings with
the Securities and Exchange Commission, which can be obtained from the SEC or by visiting the Investor
Relations section of our website, idexx.com.

During this call, we will be discussing certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the
most directly comparable GAAP measures is provided in our earnings release, which may also be found by
visiting the Investor Relations section of our website.

In reviewing our fourth quarter 2019 results, please note all references to growth, organic growth,
constant currency growth and comparable constant currency growth refer to growth compared to the
equivalent period in 2018, unless otherwise noted. Fourth quarter 2019 and full year 2019 comparable
constant currency, operating expense growth, operating profit growth, operating margin growth and
comparable constant currency EPS growth exclude the impact of the fourth quarter 2019 CEO transition
charges. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to turn the call over to Brian McKeon.

Brian P. McKeon
CFO, Executive VP & Treasurer

Thanks, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to take you through our fourth quarter and full year
2019 results and to provide an update on our financial outlook for 2020.

IDEXX achieved continued strong financial performance in Q4, which supported delivery of full year
revenue and EPS gains aligned with our long-term financial goals. In terms of highlights, we achieved 10%
organic revenue growth in the fourth quarter driven by 11% organic growth in CAG Diagnostics recurring
revenues and 10% organic growth in our LPD and Water businesses. Solid fourth quarter gains supported
full year organic revenue growth of over 10% and nearly 12% organic growth in CAG Diagnostics recurring
revenues.

Our full year EPS was $4.89, an increase of 21% on a comparable constant currency basis, supported
by 120 basis points in comparable constant currency operating margin improvement. Note that our
comparable growth rates and comparable operating margin improvement metrics now exclude impacts
from Q4 CEO transition charges. These charges reduced operating profits by $13.4 million in Q4,
aligned with expectations; and EPS by $0.14 per share after tax, approximately $0.04 better than initial
projections, reflecting updated tax provision estimates. Full year EPS results included $0.22 per share in
tax benefit from share-based compensation activity, $0.05 per share above our guidance estimates. We
also saw an additional $0.04 of below-the-line upside to our earlier guidance estimates related to final tax
provision estimates and lower-than-projected interest expense.

We're well positioned to build on these strong results in 2020. We're maintaining our outlook for 9% to
10.5% organic revenue growth reflected in our increased guidance range of $2.620 billion to $2.655
billion in annual revenues, which include updated FX estimates. We're raising our EPS guidance range by

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

$0.12 to $5.42 to $5.58 per share, reflecting 13% to 16% comparable constant currency EPS growth.
Positive revisions to our preliminary guidance range reflect the flow-through of our 2019 performance
with consistent operational improvement assumptions and favorable updates to projections for interest
expense, share-based compensation tax benefits and FX impacts.

We'll walk you through the details of our 2020 guidance later in my comments. Let's begin with a review of
our fourth quarter and full year 2019 results by segment. Q4 results were supported by continued strong
momentum in our Companion Animal Group. Global CAG revenues were up 11% organically driven by
11% organic gains in CAG Diagnostics recurring revenues, net of a modest equivalent days' headwind
overall. By region, U.S. CAG Diagnostics recurring revenues increased 10.5% organically net of a 0.5%
equivalent days' impact. Consistent strong U.S. gains were supported by low- to mid-teens organic growth
in reference lab sales, double-digit gains in VetLab consumables and solid gains in rapid assay revenues.
U.S. CAG Diagnostics recurring revenue growth remains primarily volume-driven, with net price gains
trending in the 2% to 3% range. We also maintained high levels of customer retention across modalities.

U.S. CAG Diagnostics revenue growth continues to outpace broader market trends. Total visits per practice
were relatively flat in the quarter on a same-store basis with a 4.3% increase on overall same-store
practice revenue. Total market clinical visit growth was 1.8% in Q4, following relatively strong Q3 results,
with some moderation in visit gains earlier in the fourth quarter offset by stronger gains in December. For
the full year, clinical same-store visit growth increased 2.5% of the 7,500 practices in our data set, up
from 2.1% in 2018, reflecting continued solid market expansion in diagnostic services.

International CAG Diagnostics recurring revenues increased 12% organically in Q4, net of a modest
overall equivalent day's headwind. International results reflected mid-teens organic growth in consumable
revenues supported by a 25% year-on-year expansion in our Catalyst installed base outside of the
U.S. Strong consumable gains of nearly 20% in Europe and continued strong gains in Canada and Latin
America were moderated to a degree in Q4 by impacts related to the timing of shipments in Asia, which
benefited Q3 2019 and prior year Q4 results as well as equivalent day impacts.

For the full year, international consumable revenues increased nearly 20% organically. International
reference lab sales increased organically at consistent high single-digit rates in Q4 with solid gains
across our major regions. For the full year, global CAG Diagnostics recurring revenues increased nearly
12% organically, reflecting 11% gains in the U.S. and 13% growth in international markets, aligned
with our long-term goals. By modality, global reference lab and consulting services revenues expanded
11% organically in the fourth quarter supported by a nearly 1% equivalent day growth benefit with an
additional 2% of reported growth benefit related to the initial integration of Marshfield Labs.

Full year organic growth of 11% in lab revenues was driven by consistent strong growth in the U.S.,
supported by continued high same-store sales growth at IDEXX customers. Global VetLab consumable
revenues grew 12% organically in Q4 net of a 1.5% equivalent day headwind. For the full year, VetLab
consumable revenues increased 14% organically driven by double-digit growth across U.S. and
international markets, supported by increases in diagnostic test utilization and ongoing expansion of our
premium instruments installed base.

We had another excellent quarter in terms of high-quality instrument placements in Q4, supporting
double-digit year-on-year growth in our Economic Value Index or EVI. Global premium placements
increased 13% year-on-year in Q4 driven by 23% year-on-year growth in Catalyst placements, supporting
a 19% year-on-year growth in our global Catalyst installed base. Overall, we placed 2,517 Catalysts in the
quarter, with 456 at new and competitive accounts in North America, up 8% year-on-year; and 1,119 new
and competitive placements in international markets, a 24% year-on-year increase.

We also achieved 1,248 premium hematology placements, up 7%; and 713 SediVue placements, down
4% compared to strong prior year levels. Overall, our SediVue global installed base is now over 8,900
instruments, up 35% year-on-year. Rapid assay revenues grew 4% organically in Q4, reflecting solid
gains across U.S. and international markets, net of a 1.5% equivalent-day headwind. For the full year,
rapid assay revenues grew nearly 8% organically, reflecting continued solid growth of 4Dx Plus specialty
and first-generation products. Growth, high customer retention in our rapid assay business continued to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

benefit from ongoing expansion of our engaged SNAP Pro installed base, supported by additional 10,000
placements in 2019, bringing our global installed base to over 37,000.

Veterinary software services and diagnostic imaging system revenues increased 9% organically in Q4,
supported by double-digit gains in VSS and continued solid expansion of digital imaging services. Overall,
global CAG revenues grew nearly 11% organically in 2019, and we're targeting continued double-digit
organic gains in the CAG business in 2020.

In terms of our other lines of business, Water revenues grew 10% organically in Q4, including
approximately 1% benefit from equivalent days, supported by solid gains across our major regions. For
the full year, Water revenues increased 9% organically with faster operating profit growth resulted in 47%
full year operating margins. We're very pleased with our continued momentum in the Water business and
are targeting continued high-single-digit organic growth in this highly profitable business in 2020.

Livestock, Poultry and Dairy revenue in Q4 increased 10% organically. Strong Q4 growth results were
supported by benefits from the sales of diagnostic testing programs for airports and African swine fever
in China, which offset declines in core swine diagnostic testing as well as solid growth in poultry testing
and herd health screening. Q4 results also benefited from favorable year-on-year comparisons related
to timing of government and distributor orders. For the full year 2019, our LPD revenue was up 6%
organically, with relatively higher operating profit growth benefiting from productivity improvement and
cost controls.

We're pleased with our progress in expanding our LPD revenues and profits in 2019 in a very dynamic
global climate. In 2020, we're targeting flat-to-modest organic growth in our LPD business as benefits
from growth in our pregnancy testing franchise and African swine fever testing programs are moderated
by expected ongoing pressures on broader swine diagnostic testing in Asia and bovine government disease
control programs in Europe as well as tough compares related to strong 2019 herd health screening levels.

Turning to the P&L. Gross profit was up 10% on a reported basis in Q4 or 11% adjusted for foreign
exchange impacts. Gross margins decreased slightly on a constant currency basis, reflecting increased
investment in our reference lab business related to day lab capacity, route expansion, system investments
and acquisition integration, which offset benefits from moderate net price gains and continued strong
consumable revenue growth. Foreign exchange hedge gains, which benefited gross profit, were $3.5
million in Q4.

Operating profit in Q4 was flat as reported, including impacts from CEO transition charges. On a
comparable constant currency basis, operating income increased 12%, reflecting solid profit gains across
our CAG, Water and LPD segments, supported by high revenue growth. As expected, comparable constant
currency operating margin gains were relatively flat in Q4. Operating expense growth increased to 10% on
a comparable constant currency basis driven by increases in global CAG commercial capability and R&D.
As we'll discuss in our guidance update, investment impacts will carry into the first half of 2020.

For the full year, operating profit increased 13% as reported or 16% on a comparable constant currency
basis. This reflects an operating margin of 23% and an increase of 120 basis points on a comparable
constant currency basis, which excludes CEO transition charge impacts. Constant currency operating
margin gains reflected a balance 50 basis points of gross margin improvement and 70 basis points of
operating expense leverage on strong volume growth.

EPS in Q4 was $1.04 per share, including $0.05 per share in tax benefit related to share-based
compensation activity. On a comparable constant currency basis, EPS increased 17%. For 2019, EPS was
$4.89 or 21% on a comparable constant currency basis. For the full year, foreign exchange rate changes
decreased EPS by $0.05 per share, net of FX hedge gains of nearly $11 million. Full year EPS results
included $19 million or $0.22 per share in tax benefit related to share-based compensation activity, which
provided 3.7% of benefit in our 2019 effective tax rate of 18%.

We had interest expense of $30.6 million for the year, net of approximately $2 million of capitalized
interest related to major facility projects. Free cash flow was $304 million for 2019 or 71% of net
income. Capital spending came in at $155 million, including $58 million of combined investment or

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

approximately 14% of net income related to our Westbrook, Maine headquarter expansion and German
core lab relocation with some favorability to earlier estimates related to timing of major project cash
deployment.

We allocated $304 million of capital towards the repurchase of 1.215 million shares for the full year
2019 at an average price of $250 per share. This included repurchases of 532,000 shares in Q4 for $139
million. Our balance sheet is in an excellent position. We ended the year with $991 million of debt, $90
million in cash and $560 million in capacity under our revolving credit facility. Our leverage ratios as a
multiple of adjusted EBITDA were 1.4x -- 1.45x gross and 1.32x net of cash at year-end. Our strong
financial performance and disciplined capital allocation supported achievement of a 46% after-tax return
on invested capital, excluding cash and investments for 2019.

We're well positioned to build on the strong performance in 2020, with a financial outlook aligned with our
long-term goals. We're increasing our reported revenue guidance range to $2.620 billion to $2.655 billion,
up $7.5 million at midpoint, including approximately $5 million of benefit from updated FX assumptions.
We're maintaining consistent guidance for 9% to 10.5% organic revenue growth supported by continued
strong CAG Diagnostics recurring revenue growth of 11% to 12%. Our guidance assumes 0.5% growth
rate benefit from completed 2019 acquisitions, which is offset by a projected 0.5% FX growth headwind
resulting in projected revenue growth of 9% to 10.5%.

We're raising our 2020 EPS outlook to $5.42 to $5.58 per share, an increase of $0.12. This aligns with
a comparable EPS growth of 13% to 16%, reflecting a consistent outlook for 50 to 100 basis points of
comparable constant currency operating margin improvement. The $0.12 increase in the EPS outlook
compared to our preliminary guidance includes approximately $0.05 in combined benefit from the flow-
through of 2019 operating performance and favorable updates to assumptions for interest expense and
projected reductions in average shares outstanding. We're now projecting approximately $35 million in
net interest costs in 2020 and a 1% to 1.5% reduction in average shares outstanding, with both metrics
aligned with an assumed maintenance of our net leverage at 1.5x EBITDA.

Our updated outlook also reflects $0.05 in projected tax benefit from share-based compensation activity.
We're now projecting an effective tax rate in 2020 of 20% to 21%, including $7.5 million to $9.5 million
or 1.5% in tax rate benefit from exercise of stock-based compensation in 2020, which equates to $0.09 to
$0.11 per share.

Finally, our guidance benefited by $0.02 from updated FX assumptions. Overall, we're now projecting
an estimated $0.09 negative year-on-year impact from FX, net of $5 million of projected hedge gains in
2020.

In terms of free cash flow, we're targeting deployment of $140 million to $155 million in capital spending,
including approximately $35 million related to the completion of our Westbrook headquarters, German
core lab projects and the acquisition of real estate associated with a U.S. core lab. For 2020, this results in
an outlook for free cash flow of 75% to 80% of net income, including approximately 7% impact from these
discrete investments.

In terms of our first quarter outlook in 2020, we expect Q1 reported revenue growth in the 9.5% to 11%
range, reflected organic gains of 10% to 11.5%, including a projected 1% equivalent-day tailwind related
to the leap year. We expect our operating margins will be moderately below prior year levels, reflecting
stepped-up commercial and lab investments advanced in the second half of 2019 and as we continue
to integrate our Marshfield acquisition and onboard our Westbrook headquarters expansion. We expect
operating margin gains in 2020 will be driven by second half performance as we grow into our scaled
investments, including our new headquarters and German core lab facility.

That concludes the financial overview. Let me now turn the call over to Jay for his comments.

Jonathan Mazelsky
President, CEO & Director

Good morning, and thank you, Brian. IDEXX had a strong finish to 2019, with double-digit growth across
our Companion Animal, Livestock and Water diagnostic businesses. Core CAG Diagnostics recurring

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

revenue, which now represents over 3/4 of overall company revenues, grew 12% organically for the full
year. Excellent execution across our businesses enabled us to deliver organic revenue of 10%-plus and
comparable constant currency EPS growth of 21%, aligned with our long-term financial goals. Return on
invested capital at 46% for the year was exceptional. The progress we are advancing on key strategic
fronts positions us well to build on this performance in 2020.

Outstanding commercial execution is an essential pillar in our organic growth strategy, and we consistently
see a high return in increasing these field-based capabilities that allow our sales professionals to spend
more time with customers. Expansion in the number of our global customer-facing resources and
investments in enabling commercial systems in areas like Salesforce or Service Cloud were 2 areas of
focus in 2019.

We completed the U.S. commercial expansion in Q4 and started the year with our expanded U.S. team in
seat and trained. We now have 530 field-based professionals in the U.S. to support market development,
more than double the number from 5 years ago. As we enter 2020, we anticipate some settling in
during the first quarter of the expansion as sales professionals, including those newly recruited, develop
relationships in their new or reconfigured territories. Notably, we accomplished this expansion in Q4
while delivering 425 new and competitive Catalyst placements in the U.S., a record number. We also
continue to make progress with preventive care, with 360 new enrollees in the quarter to reach over
3,800 enrollees in the program to date. Customers are embracing the IDEXX Preventive Care turnkey
solution and increasingly view it as a foundational pillar in their own practice strategies. We believe that
our North American commercial resources are properly balanced at this point with the addressable market
opportunity. And in 2020, we will focus on driving productivity in our expanded sales force, which becomes
even more effective over time with tenure and with deeper customer relationships.

Our commercial capability and performance in international markets also continues to advance as they
build tenure and competencies with key commercial programs like IDEXX 360. The commercial team's
priorities have been driven by the Economic Value Index of an instrument placement that prioritizes
high-value competitive chemistry placements, resulting in 24% growth in new and competitive Catalyst
placements in Q4 to a record of more than 1,100 units.

Our Catalyst installed base outside of North America grew 26% year-over-year, supporting nearly 20%
organic revenue growth at IDEXX VetLab consumables internationally in 2019. We expect to gain global
leverage and further strengthen execution in 2020 with our enhanced field global commercial organization,
as previously announced.

Leading with innovation includes expanding our testing platforms is another key growth pillar. We are
excited by the new innovations that we announced at VMX earlier this month. These were enthusiastically
greeted by customers as clinically rigorous and value-added since veterinarians embrace new and
expanded tools that enable them to raise the standard of care in workflow-efficient ways. This year, we
are bringing bile acids to our Catalyst platform with shipments expected this quarter. Catalyst bile acids
as a measure of liver function brings reference lab test quality in clinic. This is a great example of how
we constantly make our Catalyst platform more valuable to customers. Catalyst has steady innovation
heartbeat, with 8 clinically important tests launched over the past 8 years. The technology-for-life benefit
of Catalyst is supporting continued global expansion of this best-in-class testing platform.

Following another great year of instrument placements and customer retention, as of the end of
2019, approximately 41,000 practices have Catalysts installed. Even with the successful installed base
expansion, we estimate there remain approximately 70,000 addressable placement opportunities for
Catalyst alone around the world.

Our innovation focus increasingly uses large clinical data sets with AI and machine learning to develop
highly capable algorithms that assist clinicians with even the most challenging patients. This is the
case with SediVue Dx, our groundbreaking platform with Neural Network 5.0, leveraging 350 million
images launching this quarter. We are adding Advanced Bacteria Detection capabilities made possible
by proprietary reagents, leveraging patent-pending technology at no additional charge for our 8,900
customers. Seeing bacteria is clinically relevant and especially challenging because of their very small
size, the difficulty of seeing bacteria in highly cluttered image and because debris could be mistaken for

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

bacteria due to similarity in appearance. Moreover, because our in-clinic analyzers are all connected by
smart service, we will be able to quickly update our global installed base with no customer disruption.

In reference lab, our broad and differentiated service portfolio, including fecal antigen Dx continues to
support strong same-store customer growth. Because the fecal antigen test does not rely on the visual
confirmation of parasite eggs, it's able to uncover twice as many infections as O&P alone, identifying the
presence of intestinal parasites earlier in the life cycle of the infection.

We're also further expanding our reference lab offering with an exciting new service, digital cytology,
announced at VMX for launch in North America in February. Cytology results often have at least a 2-day
turnaround time. With our new digital cytology service, we are transforming the speed at which customers
receive results with expert interpretation to within 2 hours, 7 days a week, 365 days a year. We're able to
do this by leveraging existing capability of an integrated IT workflow, the wide adoption of customer-facing
applications like VetConnect PLUS, a field service diagnostic workforce of about 150 field service reps to
install and train customers and a global network of more than 100 veterinary clinical pathologists.

We continue to invest in further improving our lab service offering internationally. We're excited
about adding our state-of-the-art core German reference laboratory in late spring of this year to our
sophisticated global and regional hub-and-spoke laboratory network.

Adoption and utilization of IDEXX SDMA continues to advance nicely in clinic and lab diagnostic modalities.
75% of global Catalyst customers have ordered Catalyst SDMA and have now run at 3.5 million times.
In fact, in North America, that number is almost 80% adoption. IDEXX SDMA has also been included in
almost 28 million chemistry panels at IDEXX reference labs. Customers are increasingly seeing SDMA, a
direct measure of GFR impairment or kidney function, as a standard of care. In fact, the American Animal
Hospital Association has updated their canine diagnostics wellness testing guidelines by life stage, and
testing guidelines now for the first time include SDMA.

Our veterinary software offerings continue to enjoy robust customer adoption. Customers who use our
software applications believe that they are an outstanding enabler to deliver excellent patient care and to
running their practices in an efficient manner.

Q4 was another strong quarter for new placements of Cornerstone, Neo, Animana and SmartFlow
systems. In North America, we had record patient management software placements, including cloud-
based and on-premise software for 63% year-over-year growth at installs for the quarter. We introduced
a much-improved user experience update with Cornerstone software version 9.1 in March of last year, and
we are pleased that well over half of our installed base upgraded by the end of 2019. Work on Cornerstone
cloud continued to progress on schedule in Q4 with very positive customer feedback, positioning us to
scale for commercial launch later this year.

IDEXX Web PACS enjoyed another strong quarter with 23% year-over-year increase in subscriptions and
a customer installed base of more than 4,500 subscribing practices. We recently released for the end of
Q1 delivery a cloud-based software update. It provides new functionality, powered by artificial intelligence,
automatically that corrects image orientation and sorts images by body part, potentially shortening read
time by 25%. Overall, across these multiple integrated software offerings, we are providing the most
comprehensive technology stack offering relied on by independent practices and corporate groups around
the world.

In addition to our progress in our core CAG business, we also had strong performance in our Water and
Livestock diagnostic businesses in the fourth quarter, with both achieving 10% organic revenue growth.
We continue to expand our high-return Water business globally through focus on commercial execution.
Our Livestock business has also shown tremendous resilience this year in the face of macro challenges and
continued input from the African swine fever in Asia.

Looking ahead, we are optimistic about the long-term potential of our business and our ability to sustain
its high growth. One of our key strategic goals is to grow CAG Diagnostics recurring revenue, which in
2020, we're targeting at 11% to 12%. Major drivers include the strong global momentum and expanding
our installed base of premium instruments, continued customer adoption of IDEXX' differentiators like

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

integration and ongoing new platform features and our expanded commercial capability aligned with
building on this momentum. Over the next 25 years, we see tremendous opportunity for ongoing growth
of CAG Diagnostics recurring revenues with a global addressable Companion Animal Diagnostics market of
over $30 billion, with the majority of that existing outside of the United States.

We remain focused on our commitment to providing exceptional service to our customers and improving
the standard of care to enable the best clinical decision-making and healthy practice growth.

Before we open the call to questions, I want to thank our employees and congratulate them for the
accomplishments in 2019 in pursuit of our purpose to enhance the health and well-being of pets, people
and livestock.
Okay. And with that, we'll take questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And we will take the first question from the line of Nathan Rich with Goldman
Sachs.

Nathan Allen Rich
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Brian, maybe just starting off on how we should be thinking about kind of the cadence of organic growth
this year. I think you said the first quarter would be 10% to 11.5%. I think that includes 100 basis point
benefit from the leap days. So if we back that out, I think the range is consistent with kind of the full
year guidance that you gave for organic growth. So should we be expecting sort of a relatively consistent
cadence over the balance of the year?

Brian P. McKeon
CFO, Executive VP & Treasurer

We'll obviously provide more detail as we work through the year, but I think that's an accurate read, Nate,
is that we've got a full year outlook of 9% to 10.5%. We'll have some benefit from days in Q1. We have, I
think, a bit of a headwind in Q2. But net-net, on balance for the year, those should wash out. And I think
our 11% to 12% recurring CAG growth is very much in line with the trends that we've been seeing if you
adjust our fourth quarter results for the days' impact and just some of the shipment timing effects we
noted in Asia, which were modest but can impact the growth rate a bit. We're basically right in the middle
of that range and looking to build on that in 2020.

Jonathan Mazelsky
President, CEO & Director

And I would add to that. We're well positioned to sustain that 11% to 12% gain that -- we reflect in our
going for 2020. You start with the fact that it's a good market backdrop. We saw good clinical visit growth
over 2019, 2.5%. We have really nice growth and momentum in our -- the expansion of our premium
installed base: 16% in total, 19% in Catalysts, 35% in SediVue and those result in consumables growth as
customers use those products.

We're pleased with the adoption we see around IDEXX innovation. Customers are very enthusiastic
about the differentiators we've introduced in past years as well as VMX. And we have an expanded sales
force, which is out there partnering with customers, driving awareness and education and ultimately,
consideration.

And then we note that -- as Brian mentioned in his remarks, we have very high retention across all of our
modalities. Customers tell us that they appreciate the differentiators we bring, like integration and the
platform extensions they've come to rely on. So we're feeling like we're in a very good position to sustain
that growth.

Nathan Allen Rich
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Jay, that's helpful. And just a follow-up on your comments on the end market. You kind of noted a strong
2019. Obviously, 4Q is a little bit softer. I know there's kind of always quarter-to-quarter volatility. Is that
sort of kind of what you would attribute the 4Q number to?

And I think, Brian, you had mentioned December was maybe a little bit stronger. I'd just be curious to
know if you've seen that improvement continue into January.

Jonathan Mazelsky
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

Yes. So the -- Q4 was solid, 1.8% clinical growth. Keep in mind, we focus on the clinical growth piece.
That's where the veterinarian actually sees the patient and where diagnostics is used as a whole. Now that
came off fairly strong Q3 and, as noted, a little soft going into the quarter but picked up in December. So
we're positive on the market. We think it's a strong market in 2020, and we don't see anything from a
change standpoint.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Daniels with William Blair.

Ryan Scott Daniels
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

A couple of follow-ups on the new digital cytology. I'm curious, number one, if you can speak to the early
feedback you got, particularly at VMX?

And then number two, as my follow-up, I'm curious what the revenue will look like from that? I know
there's an instrument but also reading at the reference lab. So will that be in the equipment or reference
lab lines? Or how should we think about the revenue model?

Jonathan Mazelsky
President, CEO & Director

Right. Thank you, Ryan. Let me give you just some market backdrop and the feedback from VMX.
Customers were really very enthusiastic about digital cytology service. Typically, the veterinarian will see
patient everyday with lumps and bumps. And they'll take a sample, prepare a slide, look at it under a
microscope and then decide whether or not they need to send it out for expert interpretation. That process
very often takes a couple of days. But it can -- depending upon when they send it in, like kind of Friday,
can take 4 or 5 days or so. So they were very, very appreciative and enthusiastic about the ability of being
able to send it to us and get a result back with an expert interpretation within 2 hours and be able to do
that all hours of the day, every day of the week and all days of the year.

So the -- and the reason we were able to do that, by the way, is because we were able to fit that into our
existing infrastructure and investments that we've made, in terms of integrated IT workflow; having a
field service organization, which is out there who can help install these systems and onboard and train
customers on slide preparation; having clinical pathologists around the world to be able to provide that
service.

In terms of market size, and then I'll hand it over to Brian to talk a little bit about revenue. The way we
think about this is about 5% of practices are higher-volume users of cytology. So we define that as 5-
plus cases per month. About 6,000 of IDEXX practices actually send today out cytology to our reference
lab for expert interpretation. That's 6,000 of about a little over 20,000 practices that we do business with
in reference labs in some measure. So that gives you just a scope of what we're talking about. We think
as they continue to use this, there's potential benefits in using more of it over time and more customers
adopting it.

Brian P. McKeon
CFO, Executive VP & Treasurer

Yes. And I think that one way to think about it financially, Ryan, is it is a factor that will be supportive of
sustaining the 11% to 12% CAG Dx recurring growth company, including the strong growth that we've
seen in U.S. reference labs. It's a valued service and a differentiator and I think something that we believe
can support, continue to expand that franchise.

And in terms of instrument revenues, as Jay noted, it's a relatively smaller set of the market that would
likely be earlier adopters of the instrument. And we'd anticipate this will be integrated into 360-type
program placements, more in the second half of the year as we kind of build market awareness and get
the service up and running. But it's not calling it out as a distinct material driver. I think it's something we
anticipate will build over time. But we're very excited about it as another example of how IDEXX is adding

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

to the scope of services that we're providing, adding to our differentiation and value and leveraging that to
drive the strong double-digit growth in CAG Dx revenues that we're shooting to achieve.

Operator

Next, we will go to the line of Michael Ryskin with Bank of America.

Michael Leonidovich Ryskin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I want to follow up on an earlier question just about market conditions, just get a little bit more specific.
Maybe you could, I guess, help put my mind at ease. I've had a lot of questions over recent days and
weeks about some international markets: the wildfires in Australia towards the end of the year. You've had
similar weather in California or heat waves in Europe affect you. Just curious if that had any impact.

And also on the recent coronavirus outbreak in China, just a lot of attention there in the market,
obviously. And if you could sort of size your China exposure, how much of that is companion versus
livestock? And if you've seen anything in terms of vet visits or sort of what you're seeing there in that
market and how that factors into your expectations for 2020?

Brian P. McKeon
CFO, Executive VP & Treasurer

Yes. Why don't I start with that, Mike, and hopefully, I can hit on some of your specific questions? I'm
sure Jay can expand on that. But in terms of the coronavirus as context, China for IDEXX is a little less
than 2.5% of our overall revenues -- all of our revenues in China. So it's a -- we have a relatively smaller
exposure to that market. Over half of that revenue is LPD. So in terms of the more consumer-driven
aspect of that business, it's a relatively smaller exposure.

We have seen limited impact to-date. We are monitoring it, of course and -- but have not factored
a specific kind of impact into our outlook at this point. We've got a range for performance. We're
comfortable with that. And I think the headline there is relatively smaller for IDEXX, and it's relatively
early on to kind of be calibrating more impacts.

I think you had a specific question on the Australia wildfires. We did not see a meaningful impact on that
in our results. Again, it's something that we're monitoring, but we had very good results in Australia,
continued good results.

And I think we've -- the European market, we highlighted that we had nearly 20% consumable growth in
the fourth quarter, outstanding instrument placements. I think we -- the market -- and continued getting
solid results in labs. So I think we feel the market backdrop in Europe looks quite healthy.

Jonathan Mazelsky
President, CEO & Director

That's about what I have to say.

Michael Leonidovich Ryskin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Yes. A quick follow-up. I appreciate all the color there. You also cited a lot of investment on the gross
margin line. You saw that in this quarter and you mentioned some of that's going to continue through
2020 across the reference lab and the rest of the business. Could you help us think through the pacing
there, sort of how that progresses over the course of the year? And is that -- is this a slight step-up in
investment? Is this something that's going to be the run rate going forward? Or is this sort of relatively
onetime that should play out over the course of -- you'll see the benefits of this over the course of many
quarters?

Brian P. McKeon
CFO, Executive VP & Treasurer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

Yes. I don't think there's any investment in our business as truly onetime. I think we're always adding
capability. But what we were trying to highlight was that we had, through the second half of 2019, a
number of investments that we advanced on the lab front in terms of our expanding our capacity, adding
day labs. We had some system investments that we've been making; initial integration of Marshfield,
which we'll continue; and obviously, some of the investment we made in the commercial organization in
the U.S.

And just trying to highlight that, that is going to be on a year-over-year basis, carrying into the first half
of 2020. And there are a couple of discrete factors that will be additive to that, and that's basically our
Westbrook headquarters, which is coming online in Q1. So we'll have the depletion of that starting to
factor into our OpEx growth. And in the second quarter, we will be having the impact of the German core
lab coming online.

So the net of that is it's -- it wasn't intended to signal incremental investment in the labs other than those
discrete areas in the Marshfield acquisition but just trying to highlight that we anticipate our margin gains
that we're targeting for next year will be second half-driven, will have some moderate pressure in Q1 and
basically, just as we grow into those investments. And we would reinforce our long-term goals of 50 to
100 basis points-plus of constant currency annual margin improvement supported by strong recurring
revenue growth, so no changes on that front.

Operator

And next, we will go to the line of Jonathan Block with Stifel.

Jonathan David Block
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Maybe just a couple, more high-level ones for me. Jay, anything on the competitive landscape that's
evolved or maybe that you expect to evolve? Zoetis has had Abaxis for some time now, and they
purchased a couple of labs. I know it's early, but then you got another player that's also making a bigger
push in international markets. So curious for your thoughts and any color or details that you see on calling
and the potential evolution from a competitive standpoint.

Jonathan Mazelsky
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thank you. So the -- it's always been a competitive market, and it's clearly still a competitive market,
and we continue to perform very well, as we've highlighted this morning. Our focus is really on growing
and adding value for our customers. A lot of our volume growth, as Brian highlighted, comes from same-
store sales, comes from existing customers, creating awareness and adoption of relevant testing.

So from a strategy standpoint, it's really continuing to be able to work with those customers, introduce
the innovations, take our commercial capability, expanding commercial capability, partner and help those
practices succeed. So that's really the focus. The -- a lot of competitive intensity, but that really hasn't
changed. And we continue to do well and we continue to experience moderate price increases on the 2%
to 3%, net basis. So we're feeling good.

Jonathan David Block
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay, great. And there's a few surprises I thought on the P&L, so I'll stick high level. Jay, your thoughts on
-- and willingness to work with other players in the industry to help drive diagnostics growth? And what I
mean by that is, that's what you want to do. You're working with Trupanion in some shape, way or form on
pet insurance. But there was chatter at VMX that you're going to partner with [ QE ] with their sort of their
[ prescriptions ] platform. And so as leading the company, I'd love to get your thoughts on how you see
these opportunities evolving for the company over the next couple of years and IDEXX' willingness to take
a more aggressive role there.

Jonathan Mazelsky
President, CEO & Director
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

Yes. So we've had ongoing partnerships with the specialty diet that -- in pharma and software companies
in the marketplace. The way we tend to think -- I'll address the software piece and the integration piece
specifically. The way we tend to think about that is we take an open systems approach. So a group of
customers, once it reaches a certain size of critical mass come to us and say that they would like us to
integrate an application into our PIMS systems, then we do it. We want to be able to give the customers
the workflow that they desire. But in terms of overall partnering at VMX, we participated in a park
study, which showed the efficacy -- the superior efficacy of fecal antigen. So always looking for ways in
appropriate sort of partnership structures of developing the market for diagnostics.

Operator

Our next question will come from the line of Erin Wright with Crédit Suisse.

Erin Elizabeth Wilson Wright
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I had a similar question, just given some of the bundling tactics of your competitors. I was curious if you
could better leverage your unique positioning in this market as sort of an agnostic player but also partner
with large pharma manufacturers to do your own creative bundling with therapeutics or other product
offerings. I guess have you contemplated those sort of partnerships or collaborations more so recently
than you have in the past? I'm just curious how that's evolving.

Jonathan Mazelsky
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So when we talk to customers, what customers tell us, is that they -- when they're looking at
diagnostics and they're looking at solutions to adopt, they believe that it's highly differentiated. It's a
highly differentiated category in their practices. It's a decision that they make through the lens of how
to deliver best care. It tends to be separate from how they think about therapeutics or specialty diets.
They are making typically long-term decisions because of systems that they're buying that need to be
integrated that they may have in their practice 5, 10 years. So from a buying standpoint and partnering
decision, the customer really separates those 2. So the -- that hasn't changed with the recent acquisition
of some of our competitors.

Erin Elizabeth Wilson Wright
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay, okay. That's helpful. And then where do you stand now in terms of market share on your PIMS
systems? Where are we at across the industry in terms of converting to cloud-based systems? And can
you speak to your positioning around the competitive front there as we head into some sort of potential
wave of system upgrades as well?

Jonathan Mazelsky
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So we did -- we've done very well this year in terms of PIMS placements. Cornerstone, we've been
able to upgrade more than half of our installed base of Cornerstone with a completely new user interface.
We've been able to do this because we have a field-based organization of field service reps who go out and
partner with customers. We also -- our Neo system, which is really more geared towards general practice
customers and mobile customers, is native cloud-based. That's received just, I think, very enthusiastic
reception, and we've been able to grow that nicely.

But the key is it's not so much in the PIMS system per se. It's in the connectivity that we're able to
provide between software and our diagnostics and the applications that work together. So what customers
tell us is they appreciate our PIMS systems. But what they really like is they like the fact that it all works
better together, so the PIMS and the applications and VetConnect PLUS and the diagnostics and that ability
to support their workflow clinically and from a business standpoint and capturing charges and work that
they do is what sets us apart and continues to really provide strong differentiation

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

Next, we will go to the line of Andrew Cooper with Raymond James.

Andrew Harris Cooper
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

A lot has been asked, so I'll keep it relatively brief. But just on Marshfield, has the integration gone
as expected? Was there anything that sort of surprised you? And I guess from a customer reaction
perspective, I think sometimes we view some of the regional players as -- sometimes view it as an
alternative to the larger options that are out there in the market. So has there been any pushback from
customers?

And then from a margin perspective, the gross margin, I think, in 4Q was maybe a little lighter than we
had expected. So what's the opportunity kind of on Marshfield? And in general, how much maybe did mix
impact in the quarter? But on Marshfield specifically, to capture synergies and get kind of that incremental
revenue up to -- similar to your consolidated lab margins or kind of how you view that in terms of the
extra capacity that you added with the acquisition? So any color there would be great, and I appreciate
the feedback.

Jonathan Mazelsky
President, CEO & Director

Great. Yes. So the Marshfield integration is on track. We're excited by Marshfield. It really -- we've
welcomed over 2,000 customers from Marshfield, and they now have access to IDEXX' differentiated tests
like SDMA and fecal antigen and VetConnect PLUS. And the initial reception has been enthusiastic from
those customers. We -- keep in mind that a good number of those customers were IDEXX customers
already. They use one of our modalities. They may have used our software systems. So it's not like they
didn't know us. This just gives us a chance to work more closely with them and to provide reference lab
services.

I'll turn it to Brian if Brian would like to make a remark on margin and what we see there.

Brian P. McKeon
CFO, Executive VP & Treasurer

Yes. As expected, we -- as we're working to integrate Marshfield, there are some impacts from that. And
that we did highlight that as one of the factors, and that will continue into the first half. We're -- we have
work going on, on that front. But look, over time, I think we're -- we've demonstrated and we're confident
that the addition of customers into our national lab network and supporting them through our over 50
labs now in the U.S., which is how we think about this business as a national business, is something that
we would anticipate in getting leverage from and is supporting the longer-term goals that we have for
margin improvement from our reference lab network. So it was a near-term factor and will be a near-term
factor to a degree, and we'll get leverage on that over time. It will support our margin improvement going
forward.

Operator

And we'll take one final...

Brian P. McKeon
CFO, Executive VP & Treasurer

Yes, this will be our last question. Thank you.

Operator

That will be from the line of David Westenberg with Guggenheim Securities.

David Michael Westenberg
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

So some of the feedback from veterinarians on the cytology instrument starts the conversation in
oncology. So I apologize, I'm going to kind of ask an industry kind of wide question here. But does
this -- how do you see the oncology market kind of playing out in the next, say, 3 to 5 years? Is there
opportunities here in diagnostics in the reference labs? Is there opportunities in therapeutics kind of the
way we have in the human market with, say, cancer profiling or early detection of cancer? Just if you can
give me kind of a broad overview of that and maybe just cytology kind of start that conversation.

Jonathan Mazelsky
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So the oncology service is something that exists in the marketplace today. It's centered more around
specialty practices, and there's lots of different areas in oncology, just like there are on the human side
in terms of both drugs and therapeutics and LINAC systems and chemotherapy. So that's a very broad
question with lots of different areas.

From a diagnostic standpoint, that's something we're always taking a look at. There's -- around genomics
and proteomics and being able to detect cancer earlier. Certainly, digital cytology, in many instances,
you're looking for cancer. So it does begin that discussion when a patient comes in with mumps and
bumps and wants to know whether or not their pet is okay.

Okay. And so with that, thank you. With that, we'll conclude the call. I want to thank our employees for
the very strong progress and performance in Q4 for the full year of 2019 and for the advancement of our
purpose, which is enhancing the health and well-being of pets, people and livestock around the world.

Operator
Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. Thank you for
your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference Service. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 31, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

