International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. 

NYSE:IFF
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, May 11, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

EPS 
Normalized 

1.55

1.60

Revenue  (mm)

2452.66

2465.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-11-2021 8:10 AM GMT

3.23

0.50

1.59

6.05

-

6.59

2959.81

11224.32

11250.00

12117.16

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

1.31

1.46

1.19

1.55

1.36

1.40

1.32

1.60

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3.82 %

(4.11 %)

10.92 %

3.23 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andreas Fibig
Chairman & CEO

Michael DeVeau
Senior VP and Chief Investor
Relations & Communications
Officer

Rustom F. Jilla
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Faiza Alwy
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Ghansham Panjabi
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Gunther Zechmann
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Lucas Charles Beaumont
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Mark Stiefel Astrachan
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Mark William Connelly
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Matthew Porter DeYoe
BofA Securities, Research Division

Michael Joseph Sison
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Prashant N. Juvekar
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

James Targett
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG,
Research Division

Ryan Tomkins
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Jeffrey John Zekauskas
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Lisa Hortense Maria De Neve
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2021

Presentation

Operator

This time, I would like to welcome everyone to the IFF First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.
[Operator Instructions]

I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.

Michael DeVeau
Senior VP and Chief Investor Relations & Communications Officer

Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon and good evening, everyone. Welcome to IFF's First Quarter
2021 Conference Call. Yesterday evening, we issued a press release announcing our financial results for
the first quarter as well as our outlook for the full year 2021. A copy of the release can be found on our IR
website at ir.iff.com.

Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay.

I ask that you please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements. During the call, we are
making forward-looking statements about the company's performance and outlook based on the current
state and our expectations for 2021. These statements contain elements of uncertainty, which we have
laid out on Slide 2 under the cautionary statement. For additional information concerning the factors that
can cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements, please refer to our
cautionary statement and risk factors stated in our press release.

Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe
affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP
measures is available on our website.

Please also note that we'll be using combined historical results for the first quarter as defined as 3 months
of legacy IFF results and 2 months, February and March, of N&B results in both the 2020 and 2021 period
to allow for comparability in light of the merger completion on February 1, 2021.

With me on the call today is our Chairman and CEO, Andreas Fibig; and our Executive Vice President and
CFO, Rustom Jilla. We'll begin with our prepared remarks and then take any questions that you may have.

With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Andreas.

Andreas Fibig
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Mike, and thank you to everyone for joining us today. I will begin today's call by providing
an overview of our first quarter results, including a review of our performance by region and segment. I
would also like to share with you an update regarding our efforts to integrate the DuPont N&B business,
which continues to progress well following the completion of our transaction in February. Rustom will then
provide a more detailed financial review of the business, highlighting segment-level business dynamics
and performance and cover cash flow and leverage as well.

IFF is off to a strong start in 2021. And I'm confident that the momentum we have built will continue for
the remainder of the year and beyond.

Now beginning with Slide 6, I would like to review our performance and notable developments in the first
quarter. We achieved 3% in combined sales growth or 1% on currency neutral basis compared to the
first quarter of 2020. Also, because of our change to our fiscal calendar, rather than a traditional 4/4/5
calendar, we have had less -- 2 days less in first quarter. If we were to normalize for that, our combined
currency neutral growth in the first quarter would also have been approximately 3% and on a 2-year
average basis to factor in our strong 7% year ago comparison, growth would be strong at approximately
5%.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2021

Our adjusted operating EBITDA margin improved by 30 basis points, reflecting our team's diligent
execution of our cost-management strategy. IFF also continues to generate strong free cash flows, and we
remain on track to meet our deleveraging target. For the first quarter, our leverage ratio was 4.3x.

I'm also pleased to say we have reached an agreement to divest our fruit preparation business to Frulact,
which specializes in fruit preparations for the food and beverage industry. The divestiture is expected to
close in the third quarter 2021, pending customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals. The
fruit preparation business contributed approximately USD 70 million to IFF's Nourish segment pro forma
sales in 2020. This is our first step in terms of our portfolio optimization strategy, so I expect more news
as we progress through 2021.

As you can see, we have established a solid foundation to carry us forward. We have started with solid
momentum, thanks to our disciplined focus on execution. As we have said before, the opportunities
in front of us and our mission is to execute on our plan to deliver industry-leading returns for our
shareholders.

As we move into the second quarter, we remain squarely focused leveraging our new capabilities to reach
our business objectives and further establish ourselves as an innovation leader in a global value chain for
consumer goods and commercial products.

Now on Slide 7, I would like to briefly discuss the regional sales dynamics that have influenced our
first quarter financial results. As you all know, there are notably significant differences in how different
countries are managing the continued impacts of the pandemic, so we want to talk to the dynamics we are
seeing in our business across the world.

We are pleased to report that most of our operating regions saw sales growth in Q1. In North America, we
achieved solid performance across our portfolio with growth in nearly all our segments. This performance
in North America reflects the impressive results in our Scent segment. We continue to see healthy
performance across our Asian markets, achieving a 6% increase in combined currency neutral sales,
primarily driven by double-digit growth in China and India. While we are pleased to see growth across
many of these key markets, we must recognize that our growth in India could be challenged in the near
term as the country is grappling with hardship related to the pandemic. We wish everyone in India, our
Indian colleagues and their loved ones the very best and hope to see rapid improvement in conditions.

In Latin America, we saw an 11% increase in overall sales for the region, with growth primarily driven by
local currency sales. Two highlights that I would like to call out in Brazil and South Cone, both grew double
digits in Q1.

COVID-19 and related ongoing restrictions continue to heavily impact Western and Central Europe, which
has resulted in challenges across the entire EMEA region and a 5% decline in overall sales. That said, we
remain optimistic about the region's recovery as global vaccination rates increase and related restrictions
ease.

As we press ahead, we will continue to work diligently with our regional teams and communities,
particularly those that remain on the most pandemic-related pressure, to adapt our supply chain, ensure
that our customers continue to receive the leading solutions they have come to expect.

Let's move to Slide 8. I would now like to review our first quarter sales performance across IFF's key
business segments so you can get a more granular view. We are pleased to report solid growth across our
Nourish, Pharma Solutions and Scent divisions. Our largest group, Nourish achieved combined currency
neutral sales growth of 1%, led by robust performance in Flavors. We continue to see pandemic-driven
headwinds in Food Design, which is driven primarily by continued declines in Food Service. This channel,
while improved from the first quarter trends, was down mid-single digits in the first quarter.

Scent continued its strong performance, achieving combined currency neutral sales growth of 5%, the
largest growth driver across our 4 divisions, led by continued strength in Consumer Fragrances, double-
digit growth in Cosmetic Actives and a strong rebound in Fine Fragrance.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2021

For our Pharma Solutions division, we achieved combined currency neutral sales growth of 3%, with
continued strong performance across the entire division and all subcategories.

Our Health & Bioscience division combined currency neutral sales decreased 3% against a strong double-
digit year-ago comparison. Increases in both Health and Home & Personal Care were offset by pressures in
Microbial Control and Grain Processing.

Together, we have an in-demand and diverse portfolio that is meeting the needs of our core end markets.
I feel that we are very well positioned to continue executing our ambitious growth initiatives in the
complexity of the global marketplace.

Now turning to Slide 9. I want to show a summary that highlights our business performance, particularly
with regards to segment-level adjusted operating EBITDA margin. As you know, we are focused on driving
overall group operating efficiencies as we execute on our integration plans. Rustom will cover our first
quarter segment performance in much more detail, but I wanted to present this slide as it will be included
in our standard earnings package going forward, specifically focusing on year-to-year performance.

Some highlights for Q1 that are worth mentioning. Within our largest division, Nourish, I'm very pleased
to see early progress on margin expansion. We achieved strong results in our Scent division. The team did
a great job driving higher volumes, benefiting from the rebound in Fine Fragrance, which drove favorable
mix and continued the effort to capture productivity savings.

In H&B and Pharma Solutions, adjusted operating EBITDA margins were pressured by increased raw
materials and logistics costs, which overshadowed the strong cost discipline the team has accomplished.

Now on Slide 10. I would like to provide you with an update on our integration progress with N&B. Since
completing our combination in February, we have achieved several financial and organizational integration
milestones, which reflect the incredible efforts of our global team. From an organizational perspective, we
have established a comprehensive operating and leadership structure for our combined company, having
identified and announced roles all the way from CEO down t third-level leaders. These leaders are working
closely with the integration management office to ensure that all employees are provided with the tools
and resources they need to succeed. We've also completed all IT migration from DuPont to IFF and are on
schedule regarding exiting many of our transition service agreements with DuPont.

On the revenue synergy front, we have a robust pipeline of projects, including both cross-selling and
integrated solutions that we expect will accelerate our ability to meet our $20 million synergy target this
year. This quarter, we achieved a significant cross-selling win within our Health & Bioscience divisions via
detergents, and we have invoiced our first sales in April. We are pleased with our project pipeline and with
the efforts so far and continued expressions of demand from customers. We are confident in our ability to
meet our 3-year run rate synergy target of $400 million.

From a cost synergy perspective, we are underway and already seeing modest P&L benefits. Given we
are in early days, we expect these cost savings to increase over the course of the year, putting us well
on track to meet our $45 million cost synergy target in the full year 2021 and our year 3 run rate cost
synergy target of USD 300 million.

I would now like to pass the call over to Rustom, who will provide a more detailed review of our financial
performance in the first quarter.

Rustom F. Jilla
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Andreas. First, let me go a bit deeper into our consolidated financial results. In the first
quarter, IFF generated $2.5 billion in sales, a 3% combined year-over-year increase, including foreign
exchange benefits, or up 1% on a currency neutral basis, primarily led by strong performances in our
Scent and Pharma Solutions divisions. As you may recollect, from 2021 onwards, we are applying prior
year average FX rates to our current year non-U.S. dollar revenues to derive currency neutral growth
rates. This is the more common practice and makes us more comparable to our competitors.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2021

Our gross margin was impacted in Q1 at Nourish, H&B and Pharma by higher raw material and logistics
cost headwinds arising from input cost inflation and higher freight rates, tight inventories and weather-
related plant disruptions. Meanwhile, our aggressive cost management program led by headcount and
other expense reductions enabled us to improve RSA to sales by 120 basis points and deliver year-on-
year adjusted operating EBITDA growth of 4%. As an aside, Q1 2020 was our most difficult comp, with 7%
combined currency neutral sales growth and strong adjusted operating EBITDA growth. IFF also delivered
adjusted earnings per share, excluding amortization, of $1.60 for the first quarter.

Now on Slide 12. I'd like to discuss the first quarter performance of Nourish, which now includes the
enhanced capabilities of N&B's former Food and Beverages business. Nourish sales totaled $1.3 billion for
the quarter, representing 1% growth on a combined currency neutral basis. Adjusted operating EBITDA
grew 6%, with a 60 basis point margin expansion led by strong cost management.

Looking at Nourish's performance by business, Flavors drove growth in nearly all our regions. Within
Ingredients, which was flat year-over-year, Protein Solutions grew double digits, but this was offset by
softness in Emulsifiers and Sweeteners. Continued pandemic-related challenges impacted Food Design,
particularly Food Service, which declined mid-single digits year-over-year.

As the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic lessen and retail and away-from-home channels continue to
recover, returning to growth in this area while maintaining our strong performance in Nourish and other
segments will remain a top priority for the remainder of 2021.

Moving to Health & Biosciences on Slide 13. As Andreas noted, H&B had a combined currency neutral sales
decline of 3%, but this was against a robust 11% positive year-over-year comparison. It should be noted
that, on a 2-year average basis, currency neutral growth was solid at 4%. Adjusted operating EBITDA
was also pressured and operating margin declined by 70 basis points, primarily driven by lower segment
volumes and higher raw material and logistics costs.

Our Home & Personal Care business grew strong double digits this quarter, supported by evolving
consumer buying trends related to the pandemic that have persisted through Q1. But declines in Animal
Nutrition this year, when compared to mid-teen growth in the prior year period, offset that performance
and impacted overall year-over-year growth. Microbial Control and Grain Processing were also impacted by
continued pre-COVID cycling, which impacted H&B's overall growth by approximately 5 percentage points.
We are pleased to say that over the course of the first quarter, these businesses showed improvement and
were positive in April as we cycle the comparable. We are encouraged by the tremendous performance of
Home & Personal Care, which is a testament to evolving consumer trends that prioritize individual health
more than ever before.

Turning now to Slide 14 to discuss the results of our Scent division. Overall, we are very pleased with
Scent's strong performance, which has been a significant contributor to our company-wide growth. Our
Scent division generated $569 million in total sales, representing 5% combined currency neutral growth
against a strong 7% growth in the year-ago period as well. On a 2-year basis, growth is exceptional at
approximately 6%.

Adjusted operating EBITDA improved 8%, with a 70 basis point margin expansion, predominantly driven
by volume growth across the entire segment as well as favorable mix from Fine Fragrance recovery
and continued productivity. As we began to see last quarter, our Fine Fragrance business experienced
a solid recovery as away-from-home restrictions continue to lift and consumer behavior returned to
more traditional levels. Coupled with this rebound, continued strength in Consumer Fragrances and
mid-teens growth in Cosmetic Actives resulted in another quarter of strong performance for the entire
division, driven by volume recovery and new business wins across the segment. Our new call lists are also
providing strong contributions with all 3 customers growing double digits in the first quarter.

Now on Slide 15, I would like to discuss the results of Pharma Solutions, our fourth division. As previously
mentioned, Pharma Solutions had an impressive quarter of broad-based growth and made a solid
contribution to IFF's overall higher Q1 sales. Pharma Solutions delivered $162 million in net sales,
representing 3% in combined currency neutral growth, while adjusted operating EBITDA grew 2%. Taken

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2021

in the context of the 11% growth in the prior year period, growth is impressive on a 2-year basis, average
basis, at approximately 7%.

Looking at Pharma Solutions performance by business. Core Pharma and Industrial Pharma led the
division with volume growth for METHOCEL, seaweeds and coatings, providing -- proving instrumental
to Core Pharma and Global Specialty Solutions and Nitrocellulose supporting the success of industrial
pharma. While we're very pleased with Pharma Solutions sales performance in the first quarter, we saw
adjusted EBITDA margin decline due to higher cost of goods related factors. More specifically, gross
margin was hurt by higher raw material and logistics costs related to supply chain challenges and force
majeures due to the bad weather in the Midwest earlier this year. We had 2 plants shut down temporarily,
which impacted raw material availability and caused higher distribution costs.

Now turning to Slide 16. I'd like to review our cash flow dynamics and capital allocation, which remain
a top priority. As you will see, our operating cash flow was very strong at $358 million. We are quite
pleased with Q1 cash generation. For legacy IFF, Q1 is usually the lowest cash flow quarter of the year.
We typically have net working capital headwinds as we reset off Q4's goals and we make annual bonus
payments in March. And this year, we also had large deal-related costs, such as cost to achieve investment
banking fees, consulting expenses, et cetera.

A large part of our Q1 success came from core working capital, where we generated $193 million, a great
job by our global team and a great outcome, but we don't expect this quarter after quarter as we'd like to
build inventory up in some of our legacy N&B business areas to support future growth.

In the first quarter, CapEx was approximately $93 million or 3.5% of sales, up from last Q1's combined
comparative $76 million or 2.6% of sales. Free cash flow generation was therefore a strong $265 million,
and we distributed $82 million in dividends to our shareholders. Our leverage, which is net debt divided
by credit-adjusted EBITDA, ended at 4.3x, as Andreas noted, back on Slide 6. This is ahead of our
expectation of 4.5x first quarter post-merger leverage.

Now to provide some full year context. Legacy IFF generated $520 million of free cash flow in 2020. And
combined, we expect to generate $1 billion in 2021. In 2021, we will invest more in legacy N&B production
capacity to meet expected strong future demand but will only be slightly above our original full year CapEx
projection of approximately 4.5% of sales. The dividend payment this year will be at this quarter will be
$197 million, reflecting a higher post-merger share count. And we remain on track to meet our long-term
deleveraging target of 3x net debt to credit-adjusted EBITDA in 24 to 36 months from deal close.

Turning to Slide 17. I'd like to provide an update on our full year 2021 consolidated financial outlook. But
before doing so, I want to remind everyone that in mid-April, we provided sales and adjusted EBITDA
metrics for each of IFF's 4 segments on a 2020 pro forma and combined basis and additional detail on
a segment level via our Learning Labs series. We are now in the appendix of this presentation providing
an additional look back at the combined company's historical quarterly results for 2020 as part of our
commitment to transparency and helping our shareholders understand the new IFF.

On a combined basis, IFF generated $10.6 billion of revenue for the full year 2020, with currency
neutral growth of approximately 2%. And our combined adjusted operating EBITDA margin for 2020 was
approximately 22%. Please remember that combined includes 11 months of N&B and 12 months of IFF in
2020 and 2021.

In our fourth quarter conference call in February, we gave initial pro forma guidance, which assumed
the full 12 months of IFF and N&B, in order to be directly comparable to our previously provided S-4.
Moving forward, to be more aligned with actual results and reporting, we are transitioning to guiding on
11 months of N&B, which excludes January, and 12 months of IFF in the 2021 year, in light of the merger
completing on Feb 1. Also, please note that in January 2021, N&B's actual sales were approximately $507
million and adjusted operating EBITDA was $107 million.

Given our first quarter results, our April preliminary sales, our rest of year FX expectations, incremental
pricing to recover costs and the fact that Q1 was our toughest comparative period quarter, we are
forecasting stronger sales growth through the rest of 2021. We have, therefore, increased our sales

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2021

expectation for 2021 to be approximately $11.25 billion in combined revenues or plus 6% growth with an
approximately 23% adjusted operating EBITDA margin.

Since the beginning of the year, we have seen a rise in the cost of goods, driven by input costs, including
raw materials and logistics. In terms of raw material costs, we are seeing a large increase in selected
commodities, soy, low-cost bean kernel, vegetable oil, turpentine and propylene glycol. In addition, freight
costs are higher as a result of greatly increased rates. For example, the global freight index is up 3x due
to nonavailability of containers at contracted rates. And we're also seeing an uplift in airfreight volumes
due to strong demand and supply chain challenges like force majeure earlier this year.

This has required us to go back to have additional pricing discussions to cover our exposure. While we
are confident that over time, we can fully pass along the increase, there is a time lag before pricing is
fully realized, which can pressure gross margin in the short term. Ultimately, by the end of the year, we
are confident that through pricing and our ongoing focus on cost reduction, we can achieve our full year
adjusted operating EBITDA goal on a combined basis.

With regard to Q2, we are pleased that we've started the quarter strong, a nice growth acceleration
versus where we ended the first quarter. We're optimistic that for the full second quarter, revenue growth,
including currency benefits, should be in the high single digits range with an adjusted EBITDA margin also
around 23%.

To assist with understanding and modeling the new IFF, we are also sharing our expectations with regard
to depreciation, amortization, interest expenses, CapEx, adjusted effective tax rate excluding amortization
and our weighted average share count, all on a combined basis. While most of these metrics probably
don't need to be elaborated upon, it's worth noting that we expect moderately higher CapEx in 2021
as we invest for growth and work to exit some of our IT-related transition services agreements with
DuPont more quickly than planned. We're also providing a 2021 adjusted effective tax rate, excluding
amortization, for the first time. And the 21.5% is broadly in line with our early expectations. This is
still preliminary and will change as we finalize purchase accounting and intangibles by jurisdiction. The
equivalent for heritage IFF on a similar basis for the full year 2020 was approximately 18.5%.

Collectively, these metrics and decisions reflect our confidence in IFF's ability to deliver solid results even
in this volatile global environment.

With that, I'd now like to turn the call back to Andreas, who will provide some closing remarks.

Andreas Fibig
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Rustom, and thanks again to all for joining us today. I would like to wrap up today's call by
first giving an enormous thank you to our thousands of employees around the world who have worked
tirelessly over the last quarter to successfully execute our business initiatives, deliver for our customers
and achieve solid top and bottom line business results, all while making exceptional strides integrating
N&B into the IFF family. It has truly been a busy quarter. And we all have much to be proud of especially
as this all was accomplished during a global pandemic.

Looking beyond our solid Q1 financial results, I want to reemphasize the important first step that we took
in tightening our business and optimizing our portfolio strategy by agreeing to divest our fruit preparation
business. By divesting this noncore business, IFF will be more efficient organization with a greater capacity
to focus on growth and innovation across our key businesses, ultimately generating greater value for our
shareholders.

As we enter Q2 together, we are confident that we have the right team and the right structures in place to
ensure that our newly combined company will meet our financial and operational goals. As I mentioned,
we are targeting strong year-over-year financial improvements with accelerated sales growth over the
coming quarters, backed by our commitment to delivering industry-leading innovative products and
services to our customers around the world. And as Rustom stated, we are pleased that we have started
Q2 strong and are optimistic that our full second quarter sales growth should be in a high single-digit
range.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2021

I'm tremendously proud of all we have accomplished, and I firmly believe that the best is yet to come.
We're taking each and every learning from the N&B integration process to create a stronger, more agile
and diversified company that defines the future of our industry and showcase what it means to be a
leading ingredients and solutions partner.
With that, I would like to open the call for questions. Thank you.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Mike Sison with Wells Fargo.

Michael Joseph Sison
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Nice start to the year. In Slide 8, I thought that was really helpful. You do show some businesses at that
4% to 5% sales growth range. If you think about -- you've owned the business for about 3 months now,
can you maybe talk about what needs to happen to the other businesses below that 4% to 5% and your
confidence since you've owned the business now that you can get each of these product lines sort of in
that range over the next couple of years?

Andreas Fibig
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Thank you, Mike, for the question. Yes, first of all, I think that we really expect that the growth will
accelerate over the course of the year. And that's driven us, as Rustom said, as well, with a good start
into the second quarter, which was actually -- the first quarter was our toughest comparison. So that's the
reason why we raised our sales expectations for the year. I think that's important.

So now coming to the different parts of the business, I would say, first of all, we see -- if you look at the
Scent business unit, a real good recovery on Fine Fragrances, which is really fantastic, in the first quarter
and also starting in the second quarter, which is good. We see still a great growth on Cosmetic Actives. So
that's basically super important for us as well. And the Consumer Fragrances stay on an elevated level.

If you go to the Health & Bioscience business, here you see a couple of elements. You see that Health and
the Cultures & Food Enzyme business should grow mid-single digits. And you will see a recovery of the
Microbial Control business, which was very much hurt by the situation last year. So that's important as
well.

And then on the Nourish side, very solid performance on Taste, particularly the legacy flavors doing very
well. But on the new parts, Protein Solutions, via alternative proteins, are doing very well. And then you
will see a turnaround in the Food Service as well as the countries and economies are opening up. And
that's probably a general remark. We have seen good growth, as you have seen in the presentation, in
most of the regions. But in Europe -- and Europe will turn around as soon as these economies are opening
up after the pandemic as well. So I hope, Mike, that gives you a bit more color here.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Mark Astrachan with Stifel.

Mark Stiefel Astrachan
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Yes. I guess a broader question. It's something that we hear probably most frequently from folks out there
asking about your companies why -- or what gives confidence that IFF can sustain the share gains implied
by the 4% to 5% currency neutral long-term targets that you have when growth has been below peers in
recent years, even adjusting for FX changes? And I guess related to that, first quarter growth was below
peers who also had tough comparisons, not as tough as yours but with still tougher comparison. So what
gives confidence that you can see an acceleration implied by the guidance over balance of the year as well
as longer term?

And I want to just kind of squeeze in a related question which is just, how do we measure or how do you
measure maybe your peer performance? What does the group -- that you use to measure your share
performance versus peers? And traditionally, it's been Giv and Symrise. Now it's -- knowing you have
Christian Hansen, who should we all be paying attention to?
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2021

Andreas Fibig
Chairman & CEO

So let me start with the last question first. I think you basically named all the companies which are
relevant for us. Maybe you should put Kerry in the mix as well, in particular for Food Service and some
of the ingredients. And then you have actually a very nice peer group together. So what we want to do
on the midterm is actually what we are doing -- we have done completely our strategic assessment of all
the categories where we believe that we have growth and margin potential. We certainly will emphasize in
terms of our resources behind these categories. Some of these categories are just, for example, in health,
like the probiotics business, for example, where we put good resources behind to make sure that we can
outgrow the competition here.

And I think if you look at the start into the year, it's 3% growth if you adjust for the days. And there
was a very strong comparison of 7% in the last year. So we're actually quite happy with the start, and
we have seen some of the portfolio pieces are performing very well, like the Flavors business is coming
well. You see it in the -- everything which is plant-based and protein-related. And we see some, let's say,
turnaround as well. And I mentioned before when Mike Sison asked, on the Microbial Control, which is
coming back. We see the Food Service business are coming back. And these are all good signals that we
are on a really solid track now to accelerate our growth. And that's the reason why we said we raised our
expectation for the rest of the year.

Operator

And we will take our next question from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Yes. So I was hoping to ask about some of the color on raw materials and cost trends. Obviously, a very
dynamic kind of raw material environment. The increases in freight are noted. Just trying to make sure I
understand kind of the magnitude of how much that has increased relative to your initial look at the year
provided a few months ago, how much incremental price you're calling for or expecting a reformulation
and how we think we end the year on that kind of price/cost balance?

Rustom F. Jilla
Executive VP & CFO

Right. Adam, it's Rustom. Let me take that actually. So we started 2021 expecting our inflation to be
low single digits, okay, with some modest increases mostly offset by cost declines, right, some cost
declines. But since then, we've seen some large increases in raw materials. We've kind of talked about
them soy, low-cost bean kernel, a whole bunch of them, right? Also, higher freight costs due to sharply
increased rates plus higher air freight volume in specific areas where we have strong demand, coupled
with inventory and supply chain challenges.

But in any case, to answer your last part of your question, we do now expect raw material and logistics
inflation combined to be in the mid-single digits this year. And obviously, this requires us to go back to our
customers.

Operator

And we will move next with John Roberts with UBS.

Lucas Charles Beaumont
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

This is Lucas Beaumont on for John. Thanks for the Learning Lab videos on the website for the 4
segments. The extra details there were quite helpful. Just on the fifth one on R&D, could you provide some
breakdowns of the new R&D budget? You spend roughly the same percent of sales for each segment. And
how much of the R&D is centralized versus how much is in control of the 4 segments?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2021

Andreas Fibig
Chairman & CEO

Sure, Lucas. Thank you for the question. So the combined company budget for R&D is approximately
USD 620 million. It's around about 5.5% of our annual sales. And we are certainly a leader in terms
of R&D within the industry. What we have done is we went through all the different categories and
technologies and looked where we can put actually the best R&D dollars behind. So we are prioritizing our
investment towards the highest return opportunities. And that means that we spend actually a fair amount
of money on Health & Bioscience. I think that's very, very important. So the biotech area is one of the
main investment areas, for example, Probiotics, Enzymes & Cultures, just to name one.

And then we have certainly a centralized R&D approach. And we have probably at least half of it on
the centralized R&D and the rest goes into application labs. But as I said, they are -- a big piece of our
investment goes into the biotech area, which I think is super important for our customers and certainly for
the development of some of our technologies going forward. I hope that helps.

Operator

And we will take our next question from Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank.

Faiza Alwy
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

So I wanted to ask about -- we're in a time when a lot of CPG companies are looking to reduce their
COGS. And I know for legacy Flavors & Fragrances business, these only comprise about 2% to 5% of
COGS. So often, we've seen customers leaning in on these ingredients to differentiate their products while
cutting some more expensive items or more expensive maybe active ingredients. But how should we
think about this sort of in context of the combined business? [ Designs ] can be used to lower other more
expensive ingredients? But just would be great to get more color from you on this and if there are any sort
of early examples of how IFF is being impacted so far by your customers' need to lower costs and if there
are any sort of areas of the business that stand to benefit versus those that stand to get hurt?

Andreas Fibig
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Faiza. Good question, and it ties very well with the R&D question previously. So certainly,
we are not just offering, let's say, the flavors and fragrances. So we have now a much broader set of
technologies and innovative solutions, so we can play with it. And that can, first of all, differentiate us in
the marketplace, but also can help to reduce costs. For example, on the legacy website, we can partner
with our customers. We formulate, allowing them to reduce cost. For example, we can use our modulation
technology for that to reduce cost for sweeteners in their products.

But also in terms of our new platforms, we have now really the leading biotech platform, and that gives
us really endless opportunities to use their fermentation technology, reduce input cost and basically create
some of the ingredient via biotech pathways. So actually bringing everything together gives us a very
synergistic approach to help our customers not just to find really super innovative solutions, which are
helping them to win their own clients and customers, but also reduce cost. I think we are in a very, very
good spot and position here.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Matthew DeYoe with Bank of America.

Matthew Porter DeYoe
BofA Securities, Research Division

Yes. So [ you probably ] made some comments about India exposure in the legacy N&B business on its
1Q earnings call. Just kind of wondering if you could walk through what your exposure is to India and
what you're seeing there. Is it -- the commentary made it seem like there was some elevated exposure.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2021

Perhaps it's relative to their current portfolio, but we did receive a number of questions on it in the
quarter.

Andreas Fibig
Chairman & CEO

Yes, Matt, thank you for the question on India. We have probably around about 5% of our business in
India. Actually, the Q1 was up double digits, so it was a very good performance. And it's interesting that
you're asking it because it's such a, let's say, desperate situation in terms of the pandemic right now. So
I talk on a regular basis with our country manager. And we haven't seen any slowdown of the business,
which is kind of interesting, but we are cautious with India. So, so far, we haven't seen any negative
impact on the business. But we are cautious. And the business is around about 5% of our total business.

Operator

We will move next with Ghansham Panjabi With Baird.

Ghansham Panjabi
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Andreas, as vaccines get deployed and mobility has improved in regions such as the U.S. and China, are
you seeing a related increase in new product development at the customer level as they sort of position
for perhaps a broader recovery?

And then also separately, to clarify on the early question on raw material cost inflation, what are the
positive offsets as it relates to the updated EBITDA guidance, given your cost inflation has been raised
from the low to mid-single digits?

Andreas Fibig
Chairman & CEO

Let me get started, and then I hand it over to Rustom for the raw material part. So we see more demand
coming in from our customers, which is really good. So new product development is happening. And we
don't see it just with our big customers. We see it with some of the small customers coming back as well,
which is I think it's a good and excellent, excellent sign. And we see it in many of our categories, even on
the Fine Fragrance side, which has shown actually very strong development in the first quarter and a good
start or excellent start into the second quarter as well. So short answer, yes, we see an uptick on second
part of it, and we see it also with smaller customers as well. Rustom, if you go on the raw mats.

Rustom F. Jilla
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Absolutely. So we do expect negative pressure on our gross margin this year. And that's because it
takes us time to go back to our customers just given we have the additional pricing discussions and all the
risk with it. So we do not expect to be able to, in this fiscal year, to be able to recover the full extent of the
raw material increases that we are seeing and we envisage, okay?

However, I mean, we do have positives. We do have positives coming from FX coming through. We do
have positives from higher sales volumes, and we do have the positives from lower RSA as a percentage
of sales. So on a operating margin perspective, that reduces the negative down quite a bit.

And at the end of the day, your EBITDA, I mean, combined with our focus on everything we've talked
about, the cost reduction, all the rest it, we're confident that we can achieve our full year adjusted
operating EBITDA goal on a combined basis, the dollars.

Andreas Fibig
Chairman & CEO

I think that's an important point what Rustom is just saying because we have now, with the integration,
good flexibility on the RSA side, basically to buffer these developments.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2021

Operator

We will take our next question from Gunther Zechmann with Bernstein.

Gunther Zechmann
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Andreas, Rustom and Mike, can I just ask on your organic sales growth outlook? You have in the slide --
on Page 17, 6%. I believe that's reported sales growth. Can you, first of all, split out how much of that is
like-for-like, please? And then coming back, Rustom, to the discussions around raw materials, how much
of that would be pricing? Because I believe when you last gave guidance still with 12 months, you gave a
3% organic sales growth guidance, but most, if not all, of that would have been volumes.

Andreas Fibig
Chairman & CEO

So look, maybe I get started and then Rustom can comment on the raw mats. The organic sales growth
will be 4%. That's what we are -- currency neutral, that's what we are planning. Rustom?

Rustom F. Jilla
Executive VP & CFO

Okay. So I mean that was the -- I mean, I was going to say the same thing that effectively, FX is helping
us as well in the 6% number as we see for the whole year. So on the -- Gunther, the other part of your
question was just in terms of recovery, right? And we do expect to recover part, but not all -- we haven't
quantified that yet and specified, but not all of the increase in material costs. Does that clarify?

Operator

And we will take our next question from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.

Jeffrey John Zekauskas
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I was wondering what's the magnitude of the divestitures that you contemplate? Is it $500 million in sales
or $700 million in sales or $1 billion? What's the scale?

And secondly, in looking at your global sales review, it seems that the issue was Western and Central
Europe, which contracted 5%. What is it about your business in Europe that's so different than your
businesses in the other region such that you have a negative growth rate? And how does that region look
for the remainder of the year?

Andreas Fibig
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Let me -- Jeff, thank you for the questions. The magnitude of the divestitures for the noncore
businesses might be around about 5% of sales growth. That's what we are targeting right now.

And in terms of Europe, I think what is really important that you see the COVID impact on Europe. And
that's probably the biggest impact we see right now because the composition of the business has a lot of
Food Service in, for example. We have the -- at least up to end of last year, Fine Fragrance was impacted
because a lot of it comes out of Europe as well. And that was probably the main impact. And now we see,
hopefully, opening up of the economies in Europe and increasing vaccination rates. We expect actually a
good turnaround on -- with our European business. And actually, we have seen the first signs already in
April, which is really, really good for us. I hope that helps to answer the question here.

Operator

We will move next with J.P. (sic) [ P.J. ] Juvekar with Citi.

Prashant N. Juvekar
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2021

Yes. Andreas, you've talked about Food Service business and Fine Fragrances, 2 businesses that kind of
took a hit during the pandemic. As the economy opens up and people start going out, how quickly can
they get to pre-pandemic level?

And then one question for Rustom. You mentioned sort of your top raw materials, rattled them off. But
can you talk about sort of your top 5 or 6, rank order them so we understand what is the raw material
exposure of the combined company?

Andreas Fibig
Chairman & CEO

Okay. Let me get started first. I would say on the Fine Fragrance side, faster than we had expected. I
believe we expect that end of last year still that it takes us until '22 to get back to pre-pandemic levels.
But now I will be more optimistic in what we are seeing right now, which is really good.

Food Service might take a little longer and particularly out of Europe to get back to the pre-pandemic
levels. I think we will hit it probably next year. But I would say it's very, very dependent on what's
happening now in the second and in the third quarter. But as we said, fine, more optimistic than end of
last year. Food Service, we will see, and the focus here is on Europe. Rustom, I hand over to you.

Rustom F. Jilla
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I would say that soy and low-cost bean kernel do stand out as 2 of the largest in there. The -- and
the vegetable oil is much smaller in several of them. And I mean with turpentine, it's something we have
as well but much smaller dimension. And of the last one that we mentioned, propylene glycol, that one is
-- fundamentally, it was force majeure-related and will work its way back.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Ryan Tomkins with Jefferies.

Ryan Tomkins
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Yes, I was just wondering if you could give an idea now that you've secured your first invoice for cross-
selling and solution selling or what you might think the profile of the customer will be or who you're
getting better traction with maybe in terms of size, geography, product. Any information would be
interesting there.

And then just more of a housekeeping one. I noticed since Q4, the D&A guide has gone up a little bit, and
it looks like the tax rate guiding for is quite a bit higher than what was implied in Q1. So maybe we could
just have a comment about that, that would be appreciated.

Andreas Fibig
Chairman & CEO

Sure. Absolutely. I take the first one. Rustom takes the second one. So the first thing we are seeing
in cross-selling is that we had the first big win with a big customer. And it was actually a cross-sell in
between our Scent business and our Health & Bioscience business. So the combination where basically, we
get something on the enzyme side because we have good access through our Scent business. So bigger
customer, European but a global customer. And I think, on the product side, as I said, it's in the detergent
area, which I think is very, very good and very promising because we see a good pipeline now also on the
food side coming in, so far, with our Nourish division. So it's going actually very, very well. And I think we
can make the $20 million we promised for this year actually quite nicely in '21. And now I hand it over to
Rustom.

Rustom F. Jilla
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2021

Thanks, Andreas. Yes, there's no change really. I mean we had never before actually specifically guided to
the P&L ex amort. We thought that would be more useful. Because as people have pointed out with that,
when doing the modeling, I mean, we are talking about our EPS ex amort, EBITDA, all the rest of that,
so that's really what we did. I mean if you look at 2020 to clarify, I mean, the adjusted P&L number that
we had for the whole year was 17.5% and the P&L ex amort, 18.5%, right? And so the number this year,
what we're going to at 21.5% is -- reflects simply roughly about 100 basis points simply for the difference
between those 2. And then the rest of it is just the fact that N&B came with a higher tax profile, which we
had communicated and expected.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Mark Connelly with Stephens.

Mark William Connelly
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Rustom, if we look past the nice progress on working capital, do you think that the normal progression of
working capital has changed very meaningfully, leaving out any discrete benefits you continue to get from
the merger integration?

Rustom F. Jilla
Executive VP & CFO

No. Look, for the rest of the year, I wouldn't be expecting working capital to improve the same way at
all. I mean we had a very, very strong first quarter. I mean, we had roughly an 8-day improvement in
working capital days, right? And that was driven by HIF inventory, the legacy IFF inventory and legacy
N&B payables driving performance.

As we go forward in the year, we'll actually be building inventory at legacy N&B to satisfy demand, invest
in the stream and our supply chain. And also the raw material cost increases we're talking about are going
to increase the dollars on hand, right? I mean, DSO pretty stable through the rest of the year. And so we
haven't specifically forecast core working capital. But basically, by the end of the year, I would think we'd
expect it to go up a little bit. And that's all factored in. We're still pretty much able to deliver the $1 billion
of free cash flow that we have in mind for the year as well. And that's with the working capital, with the
CapEx with everything.

Operator

I'll take our next question from Lisa De Neve with Morgan Stanley.

Lisa Hortense Maria De Neve
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Just 2 from my side. So, so far, we've talked about the segments where you expect sales to return
back to growth. So talking about the other side of the coin, I mean, which segments should we perhaps
consider to normalize as we're going through the coming quarters, especially as it relates to, for example,
Consumer Fragrance, immunity-exposed sales, which some categories have done incredibly well? But as
well, some of your peers have flagged quite a level of stocking in some categories in the first quarter. So it
would be very helpful to sort of get your view on this.

Andreas Fibig
Chairman & CEO

Sure, Lisa. Absolutely. If I look at the different categories here, the good news is, if we look at our
forecast, actually, almost all of the categories will see some growth going forward, which is actually a
great situation where we are being in. I agree with you on the Consumer Fragrance side where we had
double-digit development in the last year. We might see a bit of a normalization, but we still expect good
growth and maybe single-digit growth in that very important category.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2021

Another, let's say, category where we have very strong comparables is probiotics. You might have
seen this for a couple of months. It was for legacy N&B double-digit growth last year. So we will see
a normalization here, but still growth in the mid-single-digit range going forward. So these are the 2
categories which I would call out. All the others are looking actually quite strong going forward in terms of
growth.

Operator

We'll take our next question from James Targett with Berenberg.

James Targett
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG, Research Division

I just wanted to go back to pricing and just ask about, is there anything about the new N&B business
which makes pass price through harder or easier on legacy IFF thinking in terms of how long pricing --
sorry, input costs, may take to pass on that?

And just a follow-up on the -- I think on the last question, just in the Health & Biosciences division. You're
flagging softer growth in health and negative in cultures and food enzymes. Is that just down to the tough
comp? Or is there anything sort of more underlying in terms of market demand there?

Andreas Fibig
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Let me take it and start with the second question first. It is basically tougher comparisons. That's
what it is. Because last year or end of first quarter and then into the second quarter, it was very, very,
very strong, very double-digit. And that was hard to, let's say, to make up this year. We have seen, let's
say, in Q1, for example, on the Health & Bioscience piece, really double-digit growth. And as soon as that
normalizes, we will see good growth coming out of H&B as well because the underlying business is actually
very good, and the demand is strong.

On the pricing side, it's basically a pass-through. As you were saying, it's easier to raise prices compared
with some of the legacy F&F businesses. And so the time lag is not as long as it is for some of the F&F
businesses. I hope that answers the question, the first part.

Operator

And we will take our final question from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I know we've covered a lot. One more thing I was curious about was the free cash flow guidance being
at $1 billion for this year. It just strikes me as a bit low given that I think the IFF, the management case
for N&B, was originally calling for something closer to like $1.3 billion for '21. I know that's a 12-month
number. We're only looking at 11. But that wouldn't really explain all the difference. So I was just curious
kind of thoughts on why that lower free cash flow guidance for the year.

Andreas Fibig
Chairman & CEO

Rustom?

Rustom F. Jilla
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. The -- so Lauren, the 12 months versus 11 is a factor, of course, right, coming through the number.
We expect slightly higher CapEx than we originally envisaged as we invest in the business for integration,
capacity, normal run, maintenance, all the rest of that, right? We're also building, as we said, a little bit
more inventory than we expected to in the legacy N&B end of the business. And so that's going to add as
well. And fundamentally, I mean, the rest of it is strong EBITDA and then the business just flows through.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2021

Andreas Fibig
Chairman & CEO

Yes.

Operator

And it shows that we have no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to
Andreas Fibig for any closing remarks.

Andreas Fibig
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Thank you for the participation. Certainly, a very busy and a good quarter for us because it was
the first 2 months as a combined company. And you have seen lots of moving parts also in the external
environment, but I believe IFF handled that well. And I would like to thank the employees again or
that first -- robust first quarter. And then -- and also, we see actually a positive sales development and
expectations for the rest of the year. With that, I all wish you a productive and good day, and talk to you
soon. Thank you.

Operator
This does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation, and you may disconnect at any
time.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

