Incyte Corporation NasdaqGS:INCY
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, February 13, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.58

0.65

12.07

0.56

2.76

2.83

2.54

3.09

574.89

579.39

0.78

548.84

2156.70

2158.76

0.10

2440.34

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-13-2020 12:49 PM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.41

0.50

0.64

0.58

0.62

0.75

0.82

0.65

51.22 %

50.00 %

28.12 %

12.07 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
INCYTE CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Barry P. Flannelly
Executive VP & General Manager of
U.S.

Jay Olson
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Mara Goldstein
Mizuho Securities USA LLC,
Research Division

Marc Alan Frahm
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Tyler Martin Van Buren
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Vikram Purohit
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Christiana Stamoulis
Executive VP & CFO

Hervé Hoppenot
Chairman, President & CEO

Michael Booth
Divisional Vice President of
Investor Relations & Corporate
Social Responsibility

Steven H. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Medical
Officer

ANALYSTS

Alethia Rene Young
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research
Division

Andrea R. Tan
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Brian Corey Abrahams
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Christopher N. Marai
Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.,
Research Division

Cory William Kasimov
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Evan David Seigerman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Greetings, and welcome to the Incyte's Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2019 Earnings Conference Call.
[Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mike Booth, Head of Investor Relations for Incyte. Please go
ahead, sir.

Michael Booth
Divisional Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Social Responsibility

Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, and welcome to Incyte's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Earnings
Conference Call and Webcast. The slides used today are available for download on the Investors Section of
incyte.com.

I'm joined on the call today by Herve, Barry, Steven and Christiana, who will deliver our prepared
remarks, and by Dash, who will join us for the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions]

Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are
forward-looking statements including statements regarding our expectations for 2020 guidance, the
commercialization of our products and our development plans for the compounds in our pipeline as well
as the development plans of our collaboration partners. These forward-looking statements are subject to
a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those
described in our 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2019, and from time to time in our other SEC
documents.

It is also important to note that our recently announced collaboration with MorphoSys for the global
development and commercialization of tafasitamab is subject to clearance by antitrust authorities. And
therefore, any statements we may make about the collaboration and tafasitamab are conditioned on such
clearance.

We'll now begin the call with Herve.

Hervé Hoppenot
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. So 2019 was another year marked by strong commercial
performance, including surpassing $2 billion in annual revenue for the first time. In addition, we continue
to advance our R&D portfolio and make progress towards our strategic goal of diversification and growth.

During the year, we achieved 13 of the 15 key goals we laid out this time last year, including the approval
and successful launch of Jakafi in steroid-refractory acute GVHD. While the results of the GRAVITAS-301
trial of itacitinib was disappointing, we announced positive results of the Phase III REACH2 trial, we
submitted the NDA for pemigatinib based on strong updated data, and we are very pleased to recently
report positive top line Phase III results from RUX cream in atopic dermatitis.

In addition to our internal portfolio, we continue to seek external assets that could complement our
business. Our recent collaboration with MorphoSys for tafasitamab represent a strong fit with our portfolio
and we expect to be able to capitalize on our commercial expertise in the U.S. and Europe.

Turning now to our commercial performance in 2019. We had another year of robust top line growth.
Product and royalty revenues grew 22% year-over-year, with growth coming from all 4 sources. Jakafi was
up 21%, Jakavi royalties up 16%, Iclusig up 13% and Olumiant royalties doubled to $80 million.

Slide 5 shows the revenue momentum over the last several years. Product and royalty revenues have
more than tripled since 2015. Jakafi with a 4-year CAGR of 29% remains a significant revenue driver and
non Jakafi revenues have shown over 50% compounded growth over the same period.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Two new molecules, both of which were discovered at Incyte are currently under priority review at the
FDA and these are highlighted on Slide 6, both have breakthrough therapy designation from the FDA. The
PDUFA date for pemigatinib is May 30, and we expect the FDA decision on Novartis application for the
approval of capmatinib in around 6 months' time. The capmatinib economics to Incyte include royalties in
the range of 12% to 14% on global net sales by Novartis and over $500 million in potential milestone.

Tafasitamab, from our recently announced collaboration with MorphoSys is the third molecule currently
under FDA review. We see CD19 inhibition with an Fc-engineered antibody as a unique mechanism of
action that is fundamental to the treatment of B-cell malignancies. We believe that tafasitamab can
become a very important part of our oncology portfolio, and provides both the near-term opportunities
through the potential launch in DLBCL, where the BLA was submitted late last year, and the MAA is
expected to be submitted mid this year as well as significant potential upside in the medium to longer
term. Tafasitamab fits very well with our current commercial hematology footprint and, therefore, enable
us to capitalize on our significant commercial capabilities in U.S. and Europe.

Turning now to the key development and commercial priorities for 2020. We have the 3 potential new
product approvals this year that I have already mentioned. And we also expect to submit the NDA for
RUX cream in atopic dermatitis before the end of the year. We also expect to continue the momentum
within our LIMBER program with the initiation of the first pivotal combination development trial as well as
important data from the once-a-day formulation of ruxolitinib.

On the commercial side, we will work to drive continued Jakafi growth in all 3 indications, while also
ensuring that we are ready to pursue successful launches of pemigatinib and tafasitamab.

I will now pass to Barry for more detail on both 2019 Jakafi performance as well as our commercial
preparations for pemi and tafa.

Barry P. Flannelly
Executive VP & General Manager of U.S.

Thank you, Herve, and good morning, everyone. In the fourth quarter of 2019, Jakafi grew 23% year-
over-year to $466 million. Patient demand continued to drive the uptake of Jakafi, and growth was strong
across all 3 indications. Jakafi has grown consistently in total patients treated and net sales for each of the
past several years, fueled by growth across all indications.

The 2020 net product revenue guidance we provided for Jakafi today reflects a continuation of this growth
in patients and in top line sales to a range of $1.88 billion to $1.95 billion.

Slide 11 also highlights the key priorities for our U.S. team this year. These priorities include continuing
the growth of total patients treated in myelofibrosis, increasing the number of patients on therapy in
polycythemia vera, where we recently launched a nationwide disease awareness campaign and continuing
the momentum in GVHD where we have seen strong traction since the launch in the steroid-refractory
acute setting.

We look forward to the presentation of data from REACH2 in the Presidential Symposium at the EBMT
meeting next month, and to the results of REACH3 in the second half of this year. REACH3 is the
randomized Phase III trial of Jakafi versus best available therapy in steroid-refractory chronic GVHD.

In addition, we are also planning for the potential launches of both tafasitamab and pemigatinib. We
expect to be able to leverage our commercial expertise for both compounds and we will be ready to launch
immediately, if approved by the FDA.

I'll turn the call over to Steven for our clinical updates.

Steven H. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer

Thanks, Barry, and good morning, everyone. At the beginning of 2019, we had laid out a list of key
R&D goals for the year, and I'm pleased to say that we achieved most of which we set out to do. While
the recent results of GRAVITAS-301 was disappointing, we were able to report multiple successes last

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

year. Some highlights include the positive top line result reported for the randomized REACH2 trial of
ruxolitinib in steroid-refractory acute graft-versus-host disease, the submission of an NDA for pemigatinib
in cholangiocarcinoma and the initiation of pivotal trials for ruxolitinib cream in both atopic dermatitis and
vitiligo.

We recently announced that the first of 2 Phase III trials evaluating ruxolitinib cream in atopic dermatitis,
met its primary endpoint, and I'll cover this on the next slide.

We were pleased to announce that our pivotal Phase III TRuE-AD2 study achieved its primary endpoint
of proportion of patients with an IGA treatment success following 8 weeks of therapy. This is the first of 2
identical pivotal trial, and we expect the results of TRuE-AD1 later in the first quarter.

In terms of study design, TRuE-AD2 recruited approximately 600 patients with mild-to-moderate atopic
dermatitis. Inclusion criteria included an age range of 12 to 75 years of age, an IGA score of 2 to 3 and a
percentage body surface area affected of 3% to 20%. Patients were randomized 2 to 2:1 to 0.75% RUX
cream BID, 1.5% RUX cream BID and a vehicle cream, respectively, and were on therapy for 8 weeks, at
which point all eligible patients could either switch to or continue on 0.75% and or 1.5% RUX cream BID
for the long-term safety extension period.

In the Phase III TRuE-AD2 study and for both doses, the efficacy data as measured in the primary
and secondary endpoints as well as the safety profile are consistent with previous data from our Phase
II program, which, as a reminder, were presented at EADV in 2018 and have since been published in
manuscript form in JACI.

As required by the FDA for dermatologic studies long-term safety data being collected, and we continue to
expect to submit the NDA for ruxolitinib cream in Q4 of this calendar year.

I wanted to take this opportunity to briefly walk through the summary clinical development program for
tafasitamab. With MorphoSys, we intend to pursue development in both relapsed/refractory and frontline
diffuse large B-cell lymphoma as well as in relapse/refractory CLL and other non-Hodgkin's lymphomas.

For relapse/refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma L-MIND was the basis for the BLA submission
seeking approval of the combination of tafasitamab plus lenalidomide. The B-MIND Phase III study is also
underway, assessing tafa versus rituximab, both on top of bendamustine. The futility analysis for B-MIND
was passed in late 2019 and primary completion is estimated for 2022. Tafa has also been evaluated in
frontline diffuse large B-cell lymphoma.

The safety portion of the first-line study is expected to be completed later this year, where upon, we
expect to start the pivotal portion of the program. As it relates to relapse/refractory CLL and other non-
Hodgkin's lymphomas, based on some promising data of tafa in combination with the PI3-kinase delta
inhibitor in the COSMOS trial, we expect to initiate a trial of tafa plus our own PI3-kinase delta inhibitor
parsaclisib in 2020.

Moving on to our LIMBER project on Slide 16, which is our initiative focused on expanding our leadership
within the MPNs beyond ruxolitinib. Later this year, we expect initial bioavailability and bioequivalence
data for once a day ruxolitinib, which is an important step towards a potential launch in 2022. We expect
to begin proof-of-concept combination trials of ruxolitinib for both our BET and [ Elk-2 ] inhibitors during
this year, and we also plan to initiate a pivotal trial combining ruxolitinib with parsaclisib in myelofibrosis
patients with a suboptimal response to ruxolitinib monotherapy based on encouraging proof-of-concept
data. This initiation would mark the first pivotal trial within the LIMBER program.

With that, I would like to turn the call over to Christiana for the financial update.

Christiana Stamoulis
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Steven, and good morning, everyone. The financial update this morning will include GAAP and
non-GAAP numbers. For a full reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP, please refer to Slides 25 with 26 in the
backup section of the deck and to the press release we issued this morning.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Our fourth quarter results reflect continued strong revenue growth across all products, with total product
and royalty revenues of $579 million, representing an increase of 24% over the fourth quarter of 2018.
This is comprised of $466 million in Jakafi and $24 million in ICLUSIG net product revenues, $65 million in
Jakavi royalties from Novartis and $24 million in Olumiant royalties from Lilly.

Our total costs and expenses for the quarter on a non-GAAP basis of $434 million increased by 10% from
the prior year quarter. As you can see, the growth rate in total costs and expenses was well below the
growth rate in product and royalty revenues.

Ongoing R&D expense for the quarter was $282 million on a non-GAAP basis, representing a 3% increase
from the prior year quarter. This was primarily due to our existing pipeline programs progressing to later
stages of development and was partially offset by our election to end additional cofunding of development
of baricitinib with Lilly.

SG&A expense for the quarter was $123 million on a non-GAAP basis, representing a 27% increase over
the prior year quarter. This was primarily due to an increase in the commercialization efforts related to
Jakafi.

Looking at full year 2019 results, total product and royalty revenues of $2.08 billion grew 22%, while
total costs and expenses stayed relatively flat at $1.55 billion on a non-GAAP basis. As a result, non-GAAP
operating income increased by 88% from $325 million in 2018 to $610 million in 2019.

Looking at the trend from 2015 through 2019, the growth in our product and royalty revenues has
exceeded the growth in both our ongoing R&D expense and SG&A expense on a non-GAAP basis, leading
to higher operating leverage and reflecting our commitment to disciplined management of our financial
resources.

Moving on to 2020. I will now discuss the key components of our 2020 guidance. Please note that the
guidance we provide today does not include the financial impact of our recently announced collaboration
with MorphoSys, which has not yet closed and also excludes the impact of any additional potential future
strategic transactions.

For the full year 2020 on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis, we expect net product revenue for Jakafi to
be in the range of $1.88 billion to $1.95 billion, driven by continued growth across all indications. For
ICLUSIG, we expect net product revenue to be in the range of $100 million to $105 million. As in previous
years, we will not be providing guidance for milestone or royalty revenues.

We expect our gross to net adjustment for 2020 to be approximately 16% for Jakafi, with the adjustment
in the first quarter of the year being higher relative to both the previous quarter and subsequent quarters.
We expect the GAAP R&D expense to be in the range of $1.21 billion to $1.28 billion and non-GAAP R&D
expense to range from $1.08 billion to $1.15 billion. The increase compared to 2019 is primarily driven by
our existing pipeline programs progressing to later stages of development.

We expect GAAP SG&A expense to be in the range of $505 million to $535 million and non-GAAP SG&A
expense to range from $447 million to $477 million. The increase compared to 2019 is primarily driven by
efforts to support the expansion of our commercial portfolio and investment in infrastructure to support
the continued growth of the business. Both in the case of R&D and SG&A, the non-GAAP expense guidance
excludes estimated stock-based compensation expense.

I will now turn the call back to Herve for further discussion of the year ahead.

Hervé Hoppenot
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Christiana. So 2019 was a strong year in terms of business performance and pipeline
progression. And as you can see on Slide 23, 2020 is shaping up to be another busy and important year
for Incyte. In my opening remarks, I laid out our key priorities for the year. And here, we have highlighted
the 5 key regulatory updates that we expect, which have the FDA decision on pemigatinib, tafasitamab

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

and capmatinib, the MAA submission of tafa and the NDA submission of RUX cream. We also look forward
to providing numerous other data announcements as the year progresses.
Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks and please give your instructions and open the call for
Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Brian Abrahams from RBC.

Brian Corey Abrahams
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Congrats on the continued commercial performance and on the TRuE-AD2 results. On topical RUX, I
was wondering if you could talk about your expectations for whether there might be ultimately a boxed
warning on the label with respect to class safety what, if any, impact you think that might have on
dermatologist's views and uptake of the agent, ultimately?

And I guess, along those lines, any type of work that you have done or expect to do over the course of the
program to fully characterize systemic exposure and maybe the relative importance of that as you think
about a future label there and adoption?

Steven H. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer

Brian, it's Steven. Thank you for your question. The data that we've already presented both at EADV and
then published in a paper in JACI shows the safety profile to date for our topical RUX cream. Obviously,
what you referenced in terms of boxed warning has to date largely applied to compounds that give you
substantial systemic exposure.

And what we've already published, we have little to no systemic exposure. We have a very clean safety
profile. So given all of the above, we don't think that we're going to be in that territory of having a boxed
warning. Obviously, ultimately, it's up to the FDA and not to us. But again, given the little to no systemic
exposure seen to date, the very clean safety profile, we don't expect that. And then we'll update the
safety as this year goes along with more long-term data, but that's our expectation currently.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Marc Frahm from Cowen & Company.

Marc Alan Frahm
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

For Herve or Christiana, just with the MorphoSys deal, assuming this closes, you'll have about 3 products
hopefully launching in the next 1.5 years or so. So I'm just wondering kind of the appetite for continued
M&A? And should we expect that you might do more larger deals like the MorphoSys deal for late stage
assets? Or do you think you're kind of done on that end of the pipeline, and we should really be more
focused on kind of smaller or later stage deals going forward?

Christiana Stamoulis
Executive VP & CFO

Marc, thank you for the question. So in terms of the strategy, it hasn't really changed from what it was
before the MorphoSys deal. We are continuing to look at external assets to complement or supplement
our internal activities. And the focus is similar to what it was before, looking at programs that could help
diversify and continue to grow revenue, programs that allow us to capitalize on our existing capabilities in
oncology, heme, MPNs of course, and more on the bolt-on type of transactions versus larger deals. And
when you look from a capacity point of view, we ended the year with $2.1 billion of cash on the balance
sheet. The pro forma for the MorphoSys transaction is $1.2 billion. So we still have capacity to continue to
look for those bolt-on type of transactions.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Our next question is coming from Tyler Van Buren from Piper Sandler.

Tyler Martin Van Buren
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

With respect to the TRuE-AD results in the press release, there's 1 line, which appears pretty deliberate
and was repeated in the press release this morning where you guys state that the overall efficacy and
safety profile of ruxolitinib cream is consistent with previous data. So -- and I know you guys can't speak
about the data. But I guess, just with respect to that statement, could you say that it's consistent with the
effect size compared to vehicle as we think about it relative to prior data?

And then just as a quick follow-up, just can you talk about the potential conferences that you guys might
present data at? And I'm assuming that you would wait for the results from TRuE-AD1 as well.

Steven H. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer

Got it. Yes, it's Steven. Thanks for your question. So the -- just the back part of your question first. The
TRuE-AD1 results will come sometime this quarter. And obviously, we are awaiting them, and we expect
them to be in line with TRuE-AD2, and then again, with the proof-of-concept data.

What we're trying to communicate as much as we can without actually giving the actual results because
we have to protect future meetings where we want to present the data as soon as possible, is that
directionally and quantitatively the active arms, the 0.75% and 1.5%, were in line with the primary
and secondary efficacy endpoints seen in the Phase II data, and the vehicle was as well, which is very
encouraging. So when we went from 150 patient proof-of-concept study to a 600 patient Phase III in
TRuE-AD2, we are seeing the same quantitative results in terms of the primary and secondary efficacy as
well as the safety. And that's as much as we can say to try and protect both the presentation and a future
manuscript, which we hope to be able to do soon.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan.

Cory William Kasimov
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I wanted to ask on Jakafi. Just with regard to your 2020 guidance, it looks like it implies growth of, I think,
it's 12% to 16%. Can you just qualitatively discuss how much of this is coming from GVHD versus the
longer-term indications of MF and PV? And then also, can you just comment on what happened with the
Jakafi RESET study in ET, saw in the press release that recruitment was discontinued. So curious what
happened on that front?

Barry P. Flannelly
Executive VP & General Manager of U.S.

Chris, this is Barry. I'll let Steven handle the RESET study. But as far as the growth goes, we're very
encouraged by the approval and launch in acute steroid-refractory GVHD for Jakafi that continues to now
add a significant portion to the overall net sales. But myelofibrosis continues to be the largest portion of
our net sales, while PV, total percentage of patients continues to increase at a faster rate than MF. But
those 2 indications, MF and PV will drive the indications.

Obviously, we talked before, whether it's acute GVHD or chronic GVHD, the total population in the United
States in the steroid-refractory setting is about 3,000 patients. And obviously, you know that it's a much
larger patient population. So MF and PV will continue to drive the growth towards $3 billion. Ultimately,
the GVHD is now a significant contributor to that. Steven?

Steven H. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Cory, in terms of the RESET study, so that's looking at ruxolitinib in essential thrombocythemia. The study
design was a little bit complicated because of the composite endpoint. So the endpoint that was required
in negotiation with the regulatory agencies was to obtain control of blood counts in terms of both the
white blood cell count and the platelet count together and not an event endpoint like thrombosis. So what
was required in terms of eligibility was patients coming on who had either intolerance or progressed on
hydroxyurea, had a white blood cell count above 11,000 and had no prior exposure to anagrelide because
the study was randomized against anagrelide. And trying that for more than 1 year, in fact, longer, we
were unable to enroll a sufficient number of patients in a timely manner.

We looked at various amendments to try and get around this, but ultimately, because of that composite
endpoint, we couldn't do that in terms of either the white count or prior anagrelide. So the current
thinking is to change it to a publication strategy, finish up the study and publish it, but it will not be of
registration quality in terms of its size.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Vikram Purohit from Morgan Stanley.

Vikram Purohit
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I had a question on your commercialization plans for RUX cream. So you previously noted that you're
still thinking through your options when it comes to whether you'd like to pursue commercialization
independently or to find a partner for Europe. And I just wanted to see if your thinking here has evolved or
changed at all based on the first set of Phase III data you saw based on the recent readout?

Hervé Hoppenot
Chairman, President & CEO

So the recent -- Herve here. So the recent readout is obviously improving our optimism regarding
the chance of getting regulatory approval in the U.S., where, as you know, we have decided to go by
ourselves. Regarding the rest of the world, as I said previously, things have not really changed. I mean,
we will be -- there's a high probability we'll have a partnership regarding Asia. And in Europe, we are still
in the process of looking at what options we have, either going alone, licensing out completely or some
form of a partnership. And each of the 3 options is still open regarding Europe.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Evan Seigerman from Crédit Suisse.

Evan David Seigerman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Congrats on the progress. So I noticed in the press release, there were some updates on the low dose
itacitinib trial in ulcerative colitis and also parsaclisib in Sjogren's disease. Can you help me understand
why the UC trial was discontinued and what you saw in the data from the Sjogren's trial not to warrant
continuation?

Steven H. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer

Sure, Evan, it's Steven. Thanks for your question. In terms of the low dose itacitinib in inflammatory
bowel diseases, particularly ulcerative colitis, again, it was around operational dynamics in the competitive
space. So we were unable to enroll sufficient numbers of patients to keep progressing the study as well as
given the competitive space with other compounds with similar mechanisms being way ahead, we elected
at the end of last year to no longer pursue that program.

In terms of Sjogren's, again, a difficult medical condition in terms of measuring end points and getting
sufficient spread versus standard of care or even placebo. We're not seeing enough of the activity to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

warrant going forward into a full registration program. It was a proof-of-concept study. And in our opinion,
we know we didn't get to the proof-of-concept we wanted to pursue registration further there.

Across inflammation and autoimmunity, one of the beauties of the program is we have this pipeline of
targeted therapy agents, immuno oncology agents, all of which were primarily in the beginning developed
for either hematology/oncology indications. But because of their mechanism of action, either in terms of
JAK inhibition or B-cell inhibition with delta inhibitors, they lend themselves to conditions in the inflam
autoimmune setting where those mechanisms are important. So we have the ability to conduct multiple
proof-of-concept studies very efficiently and then make decisions to go forward or not. And in those 2
instances, it didn't meet our own internal expectations to pursue registration programs.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Jay Olson from Oppenheimer.

Jay Olson
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Congratulations on the financial performance in 2019. You delivered impressive non-GAAP operating
margin growth last year. And since you're now investing in multiple new product launches over the next
year or 2, do you expect to continue growing operating margins at the same rate? And where do you see
them going longer term?

And then maybe if I could just ask a follow-up question on QD Jakafi, do you expect any clinical benefits
versus BID Jakafi? And if so, would those benefits appear in the label?

Christiana Stamoulis
Executive VP & CFO

Jay, here Christiana, let me take the part on the margins. As you can see, both in the case of 2019,
and with the guidance that we provided for 2020, we are looking to continue to invest in supporting our
portfolio, both on the R&D and commercial side. But the growth on the expense front is slower than that of
the top line, which is what we had indicated in the past. And as you can see, we are in line with what we
have said.

We will continue to invest in our activities and in the company on the R&D front. As we have discussed in
the past, we will be looking to invest based on the quality of the programs. And if data supports moving
programs into development in later stages of development we'll continue to do that, but the trend that we
see is continuing to have growth on the expense side being below that of the top line.

Steven H. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer

Jay, in terms of your question for the once-a-day formulation, so the work with that is progressing very
well. The intent is to follow a 505(b) route in terms of first, obtaining sufficient bioavailability in terms of
PK of the different strength, and then moving on to prove those individual different once-a-day strains
meet the bioequivalence in terms of the ratios on the FDA guidance for each of the strengths you're
matching it up with.

So there's no -- in the beginning, it's not built around clinical differentiation, if you will. It's built around
BA/BE route to obtain approval in that 2022 time frame. We do know from a publication in 2011 with a
single once-daily strength, the 25 milligram extra strength, not surprisingly, the PK profile was flatter. So
there was less of a Cmax, which we think is related to the anemia seen in myelofibrosis. And there may be
ultimately less anemia with these products.

That will need to be proven down the pike once we've finished the once-a-day formulation work. Once
you've taken it through the BA/BE route and gotten approved, then we could potentially do clinically
differentiating work to see if there is a flatter profile with all the strengths and ultimately less anemia and
then make that claim and get it in the label. So it's a very stepwise approach.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Hervé Hoppenot
Chairman, President & CEO

If I may add on the QD -- the strategy around the QD that there is obviously this practical aspect of QD.
There is this potential clinical benefit, maybe on anemia, we just discussed. And there is the ability to
combine with other mechanisms that have a once-a-day regimen. So this product by itself has a lot of
potential positive consequences under the management of the life cycle of Jakafi.

Operator

The next question is coming from Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs.

Andrea R. Tan
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

This is Andrea on for Salveen. The first one, as you look to the upcoming launch for pemigatinib in
cholangiocarcinoma, can you talk a little bit more about how you've approached building out a solid tumor
sales force and the efforts that might be needed for patient or physician education to improve the disease
awareness as well as the need for diagnostic screening? And then I have a follow-up.

Barry P. Flannelly
Executive VP & General Manager of U.S.

Sure, Andrea. This is Barry. First, we're actually launching in cholangiocarcinoma in this patient population
that has FGFR2 fusions or rearrangements, we're already educating, providing healthcare professionals.
Getting them ready to, in fact, always test cholangiocarcinoma patients for various mutations, alterations
and so forth. So those educational efforts are ongoing now.

In terms of FTEs that we put in the field, we do have a few more FTEs in the field. But the way that
works in the United States, we have now 147 representatives across the United States, and they call on
community oncologists and academic centers across the nation, even though there is people who are
specific to heme and solid tumor, most of the community oncologist offices throughout the United States
treat both. And certainly, geographically, we hit all of the centers.

So we will have a dedicated team that's specifically trained on solid tumors and particularly pemigatinib
and cholangiocarcinoma and, of course, the need for NGS testing or diagnostic testing to remind all these
healthcare professionals that are treating these patients. But in fact, we have oncology clinical nurse
educators, who are providing educational services. We have medical science liaisons that are all trained.

So each of the teams have already been trained, and we have ongoing training for the sales force. So we
think we're in solid shape. And we're going to continue to educate all healthcare professionals about the
need for diagnostic testing to best help these patients.

Andrea R. Tan
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Maybe just another one for you then on the MorphoSys potential launch. Just what additional add to the
infrastructure is needed there? And where do you see points of synergies or components that can be
leveraged from your existing network?

Barry P. Flannelly
Executive VP & General Manager of U.S.

Well, Andrea, as you know, until we close, we can't really plan together with our future partners at
MorphoSys. So we've been thinking about this a lot. And independently, we've been planning about
what we actually need, but the ability to guide. Now on the other hand, we certainly have a great deal
of experience in heme malignancies, certainly here in Wilmington, Delaware and throughout the United
States. So we're very confident that we know the space, the lymphoma space very well. We just have to
take time, wait a couple of more weeks to actually get together and sit down with our partner MorphoSys
about the real details that we have that we can do.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Operator

Next question is coming from Alethia Young from Cantor Fitzgerald.

Alethia Rene Young
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division

One, can you just talk a little bit about the status of the CITADEL program and when we could expect data
there? And then basically, kind of your thoughts and your increased conviction. And I saw some data,
obviously, from parsaclisib and ruxolitinib, but just maybe talk a little bit about your increased conviction
in that combo and then also the other kind of the combos in the LIMBER program as well?

Steven H. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer

Alethia, it's Steven. Thanks for the question. So the CITADEL program has 3 components in terms of B-cell
malignancies. There's a follicular lymphoma study at 203-CITADEL; a marginal zone lymphoma study 204;
and then a mantle cell lymphoma study 205.

Essentially, we've completed recruitment across all those studies. There may be just a few patients left
on one to be done. And now we're in the follow-up phase. As we've presented this data multiple times
because they are open-label single-arm studies, we're very encouraged by the high activity of parsaclisib
across these B-cell malignancies, and now it's really a wait for the duration of response data. And then
they all could be potentially accelerated approval routes in the United States, given the designs of the
study, and we may have to then go on and do confirmatory studies as well.

So we'll get the bulk of all of their data with the long follow-up through this calendar year and then look at
potential submissions across the board. But we're very encouraged by that program and what we've done
with it. In terms of the myelofibrosis combinations, as we announced in our prepared remarks, the most
advanced is the RUX plus PI3 delta combination. We also presented that data a number of times.

We now have the updated data set, looking at the experiments we did in terms of weekly versus daily
dosing, and we're most encouraged by the daily dosing arm of the proof-of-concept study. And that's why
we'll be going forward this year in a pivotal registration route with that combination. We still have to work
out the details with regulatory agencies, but the likely population, as we said in our prepared remarks, are
patients who have been on RUX probably for approximately 3 months, but don't have a sufficient response
and are then randomized to RUX plus PI3 delta versus RUX alone in some sort of registration fashion with
sufficient numbers. And given the effect we've seen from the addition of delta in that population to date,
where we saw further clean volume response, particularly with the daily arm as well as symptom response
obviously, we're encouraged by going forward to a pivotal program there.

In terms of the rest of the LIMBER program, it's also a big year, as we announced at JPMorgan, we
are beginning and we've resurrected our BET program based on the external environment and what's
happening with BET inhibitors in myelofibrosis. So we go with our own BET inhibitor this year, we'll do, the
monotherapy safety work and go as quickly as we can in combination with RUX there.

And then our [ Elk-2 ] program as well, which is targeted around alleviating the anemia through a
hepcidin mechanism in combination with RUX, and that will also go to combination this year. And then
we'll get further proof-of-concept data for RUX plus PEM inhibition. So obviously, an extremely important
development program to us, given the importance of RUX in myloproliferative neoplasms in general and an
active year in terms of initiating a pivotal study, getting further proof-of-concept study and starting 2 new
mechanisms.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from Mara Goldstein from Mizuho.

Mara Goldstein
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Just to circle back on the previous question and the RUX plus parsaclisib in myelofibrosis, can you
characterize what that proof-of-concept was? And also, what is considered an insufficient response to RUX
in the clinical trial, but also in clinical practice today?

Steven H. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer

Mara, thanks for your question. It's a good question. Because as you look across, not only us, but
everybody else doing studies in this arena, you have to be very careful of doing cross-study comparisons
and make sure that you're actually doing apple-to-apple comparisons, particularly in terms of how
people define the population they study in terms of the amount of prior RUX exposure, what constitutes
either refractory or disease that's progressing and how much was allowed. And then was RUX actually
discontinued versus was it continued.

And the reason I mentioned the latter is just to be clear, is that if you discontinue RUX and then allow
patients to rebound, if you will, in terms of their spleen and symptoms, just reintroducing RUX again,
you'll see quite a substantial effect. And we've documented that before and published that. So you have to
be very, very careful of the populations you're looking at.

Our proof-of-concept work from a definition point of view with RUX plus PI3 delta was defined as patients
who have been on at least 6 months of ruxolitinib, for at least 2 months of stable dosing, and then
were showing insufficient response in terms of spleen or symptoms and then allowed to come on to the
combination without discontinuing RUX. With that, we showed a further detriment in terms of spleen
volume reduction. That was better with daily dosing rather than weekly dosing.

If you ask in the exact quantitative excursion in terms of spleen volume response that's a good question.
In the front-line setting, obviously, given our own approval in the setting, we have now established
the endpoint of spleen volume reduction of 35% or greater done through a measurement like MRI, for
example, which is not subjective as the probable endpoint that regulators will use going forward as well as
validated symptom scores.

In the later line settings, one could argue that, that may be too high a bar to get to and maybe 20% or
more improvement in spleen volume reduction with concurrent symptom improvement may get you across
the finish line or other endpoints like transfusion independence.

But that's sort of where the field is right now. I think for the moment, first-line studies will still require
spleen volume response as a primary endpoint with symptoms as secondary endpoint, and we've
established with our own label, what that bar is with the COMFORT studies, and that's what people have to
use going forward.

In the other settings, there may be somewhat more creative endpoints that you could do as long as you
prove to regulators and patients that you're actually getting clinical benefit.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Christopher Marai from Nomura Instinet.

Christopher N. Marai
Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division

I'm wondering if you could elaborate a little bit on the vehicle performance in TRuE-AD that you saw. Just
being cognizant that the Eucrisa Phase III saw some variability in that vehicle performance, how do you
feel, I guess, given that type of variability about the chance for success of TRuE-AD1? And maybe if you
could just remind us of some of your powering assumptions around that?

Steven H. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Chris, it's Steven. So if you look at the atopic dermatitis arena in general, there are some vehicles that on
their own without "active" ingredient will have a response rate because of the emollient effect of different
vehicles that will then result in improvement in the underlying condition.

Our vehicle is cream-based, just like our actual active product. And you saw in the proof-of-concept 150
patient study, our vehicle response rate was 10% or less percentage points. Just to give you by way of
comparison, a number, but not to make a direct comparison, Eucrisa in their registration studies had to
use an ointment-based vehicle because of their constitution of their active product and their ointment-
based vehicle response rate was north of 20%.

So we don't expect, and that's why earlier when we spoke, we said our results are consistent with
our proof-of-concept data to date. Directionally and quantitatively, we expect the same vehicle cream
response rate in our TRuE-AD1 and TRuE-AD2 studies that we saw in our proof-of-concept work. And
that's where we stand right now. Obviously, we want to share this with you as soon as we can in an
appropriate meeting.

Christopher N. Marai
Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division

I appreciate that. And just one last one on the ruxo guidance. How much GVHD acute or chronic is sort of
in those numbers?

Barry P. Flannelly
Executive VP & General Manager of U.S.

I'm sorry, could you repeat the question? I didn't hear the question.

Christopher N. Marai
Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division

In terms of your ruxo guidance for the year, how much of that if any accounts for use in GVHD?

Barry P. Flannelly
Executive VP & General Manager of U.S.

Well, we were hoping for a particular number of patients. I think I said before that there is 3,000 patients
in total for refractory GVHD, acute GVHD is about 1,500 patients. We think we're approaching about 1,000
patients. It's hard to actually for GVHD because the drug oftentimes is given in the hospital, and we don't
get as much detail as you do when you get a prescription on the outside. So GVHD is an important part of
the guidance for this year.

But overwhelmingly, it's the continued growth in myelofibrosis, which is really going very well and the
continued growth in [ pathway ] for patients with polycythemia vera, again, which is continuing, going
very well but Jakafi in acute steroid-refractory GVHD is becoming one of the most used, if not the most
used drug other than steroids in treatment of these patients.

Operator

We reached end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over for any further or
closing comments.

Hervé Hoppenot
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, and thank you all for your time today and for your questions. So we look forward to seeing you
at upcoming investor and medical conferences. But for now, we thank you again for your participation to
the call today. Thank you, and goodbye.

Operator
Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your lines at this
time. And have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 13, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

