IPG Photonics Corporation 

NasdaqGS:IPGP
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, October 30, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.92

1.29

Revenue  (mm)

304.00

318.44

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-29-2020 10:57 AM GMT

40.22

4.75

0.97

3.48

4.71

305.67

1161.58

1343.89

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.82

0.25

0.62

0.92

0.75

0.68

0.91

1.29

SURPRISE

(8.54 %)

172.00 %

46.77 %

40.22 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
IPG PHOTONICS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Angelo P. Lopresti
Senior VP, General Counsel &
Secretary

Eugene A. Scherbakov
COO, Senior VP of Europe &
Director

Timothy P. V. Mammen
Senior VP & CFO

Valentin P. Gapontsev
Founder, Chairman & CEO

ANALYSTS

James Andrew Ricchiuti
Needham & Company, LLC,
Research Division

John Warren Marchetti
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Mark S. Miller
The Benchmark Company, LLC,
Research Division

Michael J. Feniger
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Nikolay Todorov
Longbow Research LLC

Thomas Robert Diffely
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

IPG PHOTONICS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to IPG Photonics' Third Quarter 2020 Conference Call. Today's call is being
recorded and webcast. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Angelo Lopresti, IPG's Senior Vice
President and General Counsel for Introductions. Please go ahead, sir.

Angelo P. Lopresti
Senior VP, General Counsel & Secretary

Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. With us today is IPG Photonics' Chairman and CEO, Dr.
Valentin Gapontsev; Chief Operating Officer, Dr. Eugene Scherbakov; and Senior Vice President and CFO,
Tim Mammen.

Statements made during the course of this call that discuss management's or the company's intentions,
expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the company's actual results to differ
materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include
the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and those detailed in IPG Photonics' Form 10-
K for the period ended December 31, 2019, and other reports on file with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. Copies of these filings may be obtained by visiting the investors section of IPG's website
or by contacting the company directly. You may also find copies on the SEC's website. Any forward-
looking statements made on this call are the company's expectations or predictions only as of today,
October 30, 2020. The company assumes no obligation to publicly release any updates or revisions to
such statements. For additional details on our reported results, please refer to the earnings press release
and the excel-based financial data workbook posted to our Investor Relations website. We'll post these
prepared remarks on our Investor Relations website following the completion of the call.

With that, I'll now turn the call over to Valentin.

Valentin P. Gapontsev
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Good morning, everyone. We demonstrated excellent execution in the first quarter and delivered a result
above our guidance range, despite continued challenges from the COVID-19 pandemic and general
economic slowdown. Our outperformance was driven by 2 factors: first, strong revenue from -- in China,
which improved slightly from second quarter and increased meaningfully from the third quarter of 2019.
And second, a sequential improvement in Europe, which recovered from the low point in the second
quarter 2020.

Economic indicators show improvement from the significant contraction in activity in the second quarter,
and this helped to drive improved performance in the third quarter. Sales of high-power lasers above 6
kilowatt increased more than 15% compared to the third quarter of 2019. Revenue from other applications
increased by 24%, primarily from higher revenue from advanced applications, which was driven by
revenue from high-power, single-mode fiber lasers and medical procedures.

We are demonstrating good progress in our core markets, thanks to our technology differentiation and
low-cost production capabilities. In the cutting market, we delivered strong year-over-year growth in both
our rack mounted 1 to 4 kilowatt lasers for the high-volume market and our ultra-high power lasers for
leading-edge cutting systems.

Ultra-high power lasers made up more than 58% of total high-power sales. Our customers are working on
integrating the new ultra-compact rack mounted U series of lasers into their low cost-cutting systems, and
we expect to receive the first volume orders in the coming months. The new U series has extended optical
performance, with the smallest size, lowest weight in the industry and record power-to-volume ratio.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

IPG PHOTONICS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

For the first time, this range of devices provides full protection against humidity penetration that is
extremely important in field usage. At the high end of the market, we are benefiting from an increase
in order volumes for our 20 and 30 kilowatt ultra-high power lasers and optical heads. These lasers not
only enable 50% to 100% faster cutting speeds than a 15 kilowatt device, but are capable of processing
materials with 20 to 50 millimeters of thickness or greater. This improvement in both productivity and
flexibility is driving the replacement of plasma cutting machines and lower power laser solutions. This is
particularly true in machine shops and construction equipment manufacturing.

Moreover, these lasers provide superior beam parameters, record wall plug efficiency and unique high
reliability that are the hallmarks of the IPG brand. They also drive a superior return on investment for
our customers. Our Adjustable Mode Beam lasers continue to gain traction in the welding industry, most
notably in the electric vehicle battery welding.

Our AMB products offer superior speed and weld quality over competing solutions, thanks to the broadest
range of beam tunability. This enables spatterless welding.

In addition, we continued to expect strong growth in our high-power nanosecond pulse lasers used for
foil cutting and cleaning in electric vehicle battery processing as well as for ablation and cleaning in other
industries. Product innovation remains core to IPG's success.

During the third quarter, emerging product and application sales were 21% of total revenue, increasing
5% year-over-year, despite softer demand trends due to COVID-19 in several new product categories,
including systems. Sales of medical lasers increased more than 30% year-over-year as we continued
to sell our gold standard thulium laser solution and consumable fibers for urology and other soft tissue
applications.

Advanced applications revenue increased 50% year-over-year in Q3, driven by strength in government
and semiconductor applications. Despite the impact of COVID-19, sales of green, ultraviolet and ultrafast
pulse lasers into emerging microprocessing applications showed strong growth year-over-year.

In addition, we have a very strong backlog of green lasers and improved backlog for UV and ultrafast
pulse lasers as a result of orders received in the last quarter. Our green pulse lasers are enabling
significant improvement in solar cell efficiency. We continued to target more than 50 new projects for
these lasers across a wide range of applications. These include processing of glass, [indiscernible],
ceramics, composite materials, numerous crystals, circuit boards, OLED film, batteries and solar cells. We
are investing in a number of next-generation solutions with significant disruptive potential that we plan to
launch over the next six to twelve months.

Customer evaluation of our handheld laser welder has been very positive, and they have cited
improvements in weld quality, diversity of materials that can be joined and programmed welding
parameters for different types and thickness of materials as advantages. The multichannel QCW lasers
for high speed spot welding applications have the potential to be disruptive in displacing very inefficient
Nd:YAG lasers. This is due to the significant cost savings they can bring due to the increase in welding
productivity and decrease in electrical consumption.

Our kilowatt-scale pulse lasers for ablation and cleaning applications are also continuing to gain
acceptance. Beyond material processing, we continue to develop new soft tissue medical treatments,
mid-infrared lasers for molecular-level resolution online spectroscopy, inspection, sensing and biomedical
research applications and new high-speed transceivers for telecom and datacom markets.

I want to conclude by thanking our employees for their strong execution during one of the most
challenging periods in our company's history. The diligence of our employees to keep each other safe has
enabled us to return our operations back to normal within safety guidelines. Of course the well-being
of our employees, their families, our customers, our partners and our community remains our highest
priority.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Eugene Scherbakov.

Eugene A. Scherbakov

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

IPG PHOTONICS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

COO, Senior VP of Europe & Director

Thank you, Valentin, and good morning, everyone. I will begin by discussing the effects of COVID-19 on
our production. All 3 of automation production facilities in Germany, the U.S. and Russia remained open
and operating normally, and we haven't seen any disruption of our manufacturing or our service capability
in the regions where we operate.

Our global facility are operating on a largely normalized basis, albeit with social distances and enhanced
cleaning and filtration measures in place.

In addition, we were back to normal operation promptly after we reported the ransom attack in
September. The incident did not have any material impact on our business operations, financial conditions
or on our ability to report financial results. As we disclosed earlier, we carry cyber insurance to cover
this type of risk. Nonetheless, IPG is conducting an analysis to improve the security and resiliency of
our systems. We continue to benefit from our vertical integrated production model, which enables key
technologies -- technological and cost advantages or a competition while minimizing the supply chain
disruption. The current constraints on our business primarily related to restrictions on travel that affect our
sales team and customer visits related to applications development.

Logistics were a less impact in third quarter, and we did not encounter any meaningful disruption of our
ability to ship components and finished products around the world. As a percent of sales, shipping costs
were slightly lower than they were in the second quarter. We continued to benefit from reductions in the
cost of devices and from expense reduction initiatives we undertook in the second half of 2019.

Gross margin improved to 48% this quarter. The total SG&A and R&D expenses increased by $2.8 million
to $78 million in the third quarter compared to the $75.3 million in the second quarter, while sales revenue
increased by $22 million. Operating expenses continue to track well below the peak level of $84 million
incurred in the second quarter in 2019.

Examining our performance by region. Revenue in China increased 22% year-over-year, representing
approximately 47% of total sales. New orders booked in China were slow at the beginning of the quarter
but picked up in September. However, China continued to have significant backlog, given the exceptional
level of orders booked in the first half of the year. While we face aggressive competition in the region for
lasers at 6 kilowatt and below, we continue to maintain share at key accounts, while anticipate a strong
mix of laser at 10 kilowatt or greater in the future.

In Europe, revenue decreased 10% year-over-year due to the effect of COVID-19 on many countries in
the region. Similarly, revenue in North America decreased 26% year-over-year with strong growth in the
medical and advanced application not being sufficient to offset declines in lasers and system sales for
material processing. While North America revenue was weak in the third quarter, it was notable that order
booking were exceptional and benefited from several large orders from advanced applications and for our
unique green lasers used in renewable energy.

Sales in Japan decreased 41% year-over-year, while COVID-19 infections in the region are below other
country. The recurring stop and restart of economic activity has delayed many significant projects within
our welding and cutting businesses in Japan. Sales in the rest of Asia increased 6% year-over-year and
recovered from the second quarter through the fourth and also benefited from shipment of high-power
lasers for advanced applications.

Sales in Turkey increased 15% year-over-year and by more than 100% as compared to the second
quarter. Global demand trends remain uncertain, and we have seen continued delay of projects globally,
which makes the execution in the third quarter all the more notable. We continue to believe that our large
and diverse advanced materials and components technology platform, our efficient R&D model and our
strong balance sheet and free cash flow provide us ample flexibility to respond to business disruption and
emerge from pandemic and stronger competitive position.

With that, I will turn the call over to Tim to discuss financial highlights in the quarter.

Timothy P. V. Mammen

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

IPG PHOTONICS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Senior VP & CFO

Thank you, Eugene, and good morning, everyone. Revenue in the third quarter was $318 million, which
declined 3% year-over-year, but increased 7% quarter-over-quarter. Revenue from materials processing
applications decreased 5% year-over-year, and revenue from other applications increased 24%. Sales
of high-power CW lasers were flat year-over-year and represented approximately 58% of total revenue.
Sales of ultra-high power lasers at 6 kilowatts or greater represented 58% of total high-power CW laser
sales. Pulse laser sales increased 3% year-over-year with strong growth in green pulse lasers used in solar
cell manufacturing as well as higher sales of our new UV and ultrafast pulse lasers, which were partially
offset by lower sales of lower power pulse lasers for marking applications.

Systems sales decreased 37% year-over-year as growth in systems for medical device manufacturing was
offset by lower sales of other IPG laser systems and Genesis nonlaser systems. Medium power laser sales
decreased 1% on continued softness in additive manufacturing and the transition to kilowatt scale lasers
in cutting. QCW laser sales increased 21% year-over-year from sequential improvement in consumer
electronics applications. Other product sales increased 8% year-over-year, driven by growth in medical
laser sales.

Q3 gross margin was 48%, which increased 160 basis points year-over-year. Compared with the year ago
period, the increase in gross margin was driven primarily by lower cost of products, which was offset by an
increase in inventory provisions as compared to the year ago period.

Third quarter GAAP operating income was $41 million, and operating margin was 13%. Goodwill
impairment charges related to Genesis Systems Group reduced operating income by $45 million and
reduced operating margin by 14 percentage points. The results of this business were impacted by lower
capital investments from industries impacted greatly by the COVID-19 pandemic such as aerospace and
transportation as projects have been delayed.

We continue to be focused on numerous opportunities for Genesis, including transitioning to a higher
percentage of laser-based systems as well as expanding the international systems opportunities. We are
hopeful that it will ultimately enable progress to be made on broader-based laser welding applications
across many different industries.

During the quarter, we recognized a foreign exchange gain of $11 million, primarily related to revaluation
of U.S. dollar cash and other assets held in Russia, given the depreciation of the ruble versus the U.S.
dollar, and to the appreciation of the Chinese Yuan.

The foreign exchange gain increased Q3 operating margin by 350 basis points. Q3 net income was $36
million or $0.66 per diluted share. The goodwill impairment charge reduced EPS by $0.63, while foreign
exchange gains benefited EPS by $0.15. The effective tax rate in the quarter was 16%.

If exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar had been the same as 1 year ago, we would have expected
revenue to be $4 million lower and gross profit to be $3 million lower. We ended the quarter with
cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $1.3 billion and total debt of $39 million. Strong
operational execution resulted in cash provided by operations of $70 million during the quarter.

As a result of COVID-19, we have reduced our planned capital expenditures for the year. Capital
expenditures were $25 million in the third quarter, and we now expect capital expenditures will be in the
range of $80 million to $100 million for the full year.

During the quarter, we repurchased 61,000 shares for $10 million. Bookings growth in North America
and Europe were strong compared to the second quarter, while total orders in China were lower. In
North America, we had record bookings aided by several orders for advanced applications and emerging
products. While total orders in China for the third quarter were lower, China continues to have a significant
backlog, given the exceptional level of orders booked in the first half of the year. In total, third quarter
book to bill was slightly below 1. Overall, it was also notable that order bookings improved markedly
during September.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

IPG PHOTONICS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

It is difficult to predict whether the improvement in some macroeconomic indicators will be sustained,
given the resurgence of COVID-19 in Europe and North America and its potential impact on economic
activity. These uncertainties continue to make forecasting our business challenging in the near to medium
term. That said, we continue to benefit from near-term growth opportunities in ultra-high power cutting,
electric vehicle battery processing, medical procedures and advanced applications. We believe the strides
we are making in higher power products within our core materials processing business and new solutions
will enable us to emerge from the current downturn in a stronger competitive position.

For the fourth quarter of 2020, IPG expects revenue of $290 million to $320 million. The company expects
the fourth quarter tax rate to be approximately 25%. IPG anticipates delivering earnings per diluted share
in the range of $0.75 to $1.05 with 53.1 million basic common shares outstanding and 53.7 million diluted
common shares outstanding.

Financial guidance provided this quarter is subject to greater risk and uncertainty, given the COVID-19
pandemic and its associated impacts to the global business environment, public health requirements and
government mandates. As discussed in the safe harbor passage of today's earnings release, actual results
may differ from our guidance due to factors, including, but not limited to, goodwill and other impairment
charges, product demand, order cancellations and delays, competition, tariffs, trade policies, health
epidemics and general economic conditions. Our guidance is based upon current market conditions and
expectations, assumes exchange rates referenced in our press release and is subject to risks outlined in
the company's reports with the SEC.
With that, Valentin, Eugene and I will be happy to take your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

IPG PHOTONICS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from the line of Jim Ricchiuti with Needham &
Company.

James Andrew Ricchiuti
Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division

Wanted to follow-up on the comments you made about the bookings picking up in September. Can
you elaborate on where you're seeing the activity? And to what extent that may be -- may have been
sustained thus far in October?

Timothy P. V. Mammen
Senior VP & CFO

So Jim. Yes, the phasing of orders and the tone of orders in the quarter was a bit weaker in July and
August and was really exceptionally strong in September. That strength was driven, in particular, by
improvements in North America and China. Overall, the order flow in Europe was a bit more even. It was
actually stronger than it had been in the second quarter. The North American bookings, as we referenced,
benefited from significant orders for advanced applications. Some of which are scheduled to ship in Q4
and some of which are probably going to Q1, we may be able to get some of them into the fourth quarter
as well. Very strong orders for some of the emerging products, particularly green lasers and even better
orders during the quarter for -- slightly better orders for UV and ultrafast. In October -- the first week in
October, China was actually on holiday, so there was no activity in China. But since then, particularly in
the last 1.5 weeks, the overall tone of order flow has actually picked up in China. It's been quite strong in
Europe since the beginning of October, which is interesting. And in North America in the last 4 or 5 days,
it's also improved meaningfully. We've had another order for green lasers from Southeast Asia as well. So
we are actually quite pleased with the general tone of order flow in the business, given the disruptions
that you're seeing in the market.

James Andrew Ricchiuti
Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division

Got it. And just on -- curious, we're hearing more and more about a pickup in the automotive market. Are
you seeing any signs of that in the business, including potentially in the Genesis business?

Timothy P. V. Mammen
Senior VP & CFO

No, in Genesis. I think automotive, there is certainly a little bit more strength to it. It's difficult to bifurcate
it between traditional EV. There's a lot of investment going on in EV, and that's not just happening in
China. The significant orders we're waiting for in North America as well for this. There's an order we just
took this week for EV. I'd say that the order flow in Europe around automotive is still a little bit weaker.
So different -- there's a lot of -- there's certainly a significant pipeline of automotive activity. It's a little
difficult to bifurcate it between traditional applications and the emerging EV applications.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of John Marchetti with Stifel.

John Warren Marchetti
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I'd like to go back just a little bit to the order commentary again. The North America and European, I think
is understood to be a little bit more tied to those regions recovering a bit. But I'm curious, from the China
perspective, having those orders get off to a little bit of a slower start and now coming back a little bit.
If you can discuss maybe some of the dynamics that are going on there in that market. And then as we

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

IPG PHOTONICS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

look out into '21, and I know you're not specifically giving guidance there, but should we expect the China
business maybe back more towards the '19 type of levels? Or do you think something has changed there
as we're looking out into '21?

Timothy P. V. Mammen
Senior VP & CFO

So there's a lot of different aspects to that question. The order flow in China has been a bit, and I call it
anomalous this year, right? We've had this very, very strong order flow in the first half of the year. And
we reiterate, we have very strong backlog in China. What's been good to see is that even with that, order
flow in China and the general tone of the business has been quite positive in September and October. So
you can't really call it normal just because the backlog is strong, but also the tone generally tends to be a
bit more positive at the moment. The feedback we've got from our China business is that Q4, the tone for
business remains relatively good. Recent presentations from them for opportunities in 2021 are significant
and meaningful. They're driven by things like EV, the transition to higher power -- ultra-high power cutting
applications. Within EV, it's battery welding. It's cleaning applications. It's foil cutting. So that helps us
because of the higher power pulse lasers. There's actually some interesting demand that may come out
even of some additive applications in China.

So there seems to be a broader-based potential for the application sets in China, and there are a
very significant number of opportunities that they're working on. They're even working on looking at
displacement of CO2 lasers within traditional automotive industry, where they've identified 1,000-odd CO2
lasers that still potentially could be reduced. So if the economic -- underlying economics stay relatively
strong in China, I think you see that investment cycle continue to -- I will reiterate on the order flow.
North America was an extraordinarily strong quarter for us. And the good thing about that was just the
diversity of applications. It wasn't materials processing on its own. It was also some of the advanced
applications. It was one of the micro materials applications. We actually had another order for medical
in October. So that wasn't quite Q3. We called out the strength during the quarter from revenue and
bookings on some of the semiconductors applications as well. So North America was really a -- it was an
exceptional quarter for us. And I think it was even record -- a record booking level, if you exclude some of
the systems businesses.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Nik Todorov with Longbow Research.

Nikolay Todorov
Longbow Research LLC

I just want to understand, again, going to bookings. You mentioned that China backlog remains very
strong several times. Can you help us understand how should we think about seasonality? Obviously,
this is not a typical period of the time. But as we go into the December and March quarter, typically,
the business in China goes down a little bit. But how should we think about that relative to the backlog
comments and the comments of order pickup in September and October?

Timothy P. V. Mammen
Senior VP & CFO

We're not going to give any commentary around Q1. It's too early to do that. I think the seasonality in
China that's backed into our guidance is fairly in line, even though it is a different -- difficult time to pick
that. Revenue in China would be slightly lower, offset by strength in some other regions. China has been
giving us good forecasts that they've been intending to get towards the top end of their range. And I think
it just depends how the tone of the business holds up there. I think we've given a -- beyond that, I think
there's an awful lot of commentary I've already given around orders and the tone of the business in these
different regions.

Nikolay Todorov
Longbow Research LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

IPG PHOTONICS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Okay. And then as a follow-up...

Valentin P. Gapontsev
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Now we introduced this quarter, new -- some new, very exciting product in a way. Also I think they will
have a very good new change in China also, not only worldwide. This product is very exciting and now
with [indiscernible] in China and [indiscernible] other volume orders start to grow only in this quarter. So
[indiscernible] for beginning next year, perhaps would be a serious test to regular product in sales revenue
in China and not only China, worldwide.

Nikolay Todorov
Longbow Research LLC

Okay. Just as a follow-up, I think, can you comment a little bit about the implied fourth quarter gross
margin? If my math is correct, it implies about mid 45 percentage is where -- if I look at the revenue that
is -- the revenue is about $15 million to $20 million higher than the June quarter, where you guys said
a 46% margin. And obviously, September was very strong aided by FX. Can you help us understand the
implied gross margin and the puts and takes for December?

Timothy P. V. Mammen
Senior VP & CFO

The implied gross margin is very similar actually to Q3. It's 45% to sort of 48% at the top end of the
range. So as you stand towards the top end of the range, you're getting into the upper half of our 45%
to 50%. I'm assuming for operating expenses, something pretty similar at the top end of the range and
slightly lower. And so I'm not sure whether -- you're saying 45%, we can come back to that in a bit more
detail later. But -- so I'm assuming 45% to 48%, operating expenses at the top end of the range, similar
to Q3, at the bottom end of the range, slightly lower and then a tax rate of 25%, which would exclude any
discrete items that we can't really predict what they would be during the quarter.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] The next question is coming from the line of Michael Feniger with Bank of America.

Michael J. Feniger
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

My first question, just on the high-power lasers, it was flat year-over-year. This was the first quarter that
it wasn't down on a year-over-year basis in 9 quarters. So I'm just hoping, Tim, you could kind of help
me understand this impact. If we assume, based on your guide for Q4, the high-power lasers are going to
potentially accelerate on a year-over-year basis like how do we think about what that does for your mix
since it's been really down for the last 9 quarters and now it seems like it's flat and moving in the right
direction.

Timothy P. V. Mammen
Senior VP & CFO

Mike, I think that's a great comment. I think high power was basically flat year-over-year. And given the
circumstances, I think that's a pretty interesting observation and a great performance. We benefited from
clearly the shift towards ultra-high power that we've called out, where we have significant advantages in
terms of just the quality, reliability, electrical efficiency, capability of producing that product. Interestingly,
the YLR lasers also performed quite well. We called out that they actually grew year-over-year as well.
So I think that's continuing to demonstrate again, the overall quality and reliability of the product that
we have versus the competition. It shows we're not losing share there. We referenced that we also sold
some single-mode lasers for advanced applications. That helped a bit with total high-power laser sales
and the mix there. We've got this very strong backlog for single-mode lasers. We actually took 2 of the
orders taken in the U.S. for 100-kilowatt lasers. So that's where the application is outside of materials
processing. Yes, I think the performance of that high-power lasers was driven by those factors. I also
called out that actually we've got the new ultra compact U series in the hands of customers and they're

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

IPG PHOTONICS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

evaluating it. The performance of the less than 4-kilowatt range was before significant orders being
received for that product. So there's potential improvement in 2021 as that product ramps up at the low
end of the market.

Michael J. Feniger
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Makes sense. And Tim, I want to ask about your inventories. If you look on a year-on-year basis, your
inventories were down year-over-year, much more than your revenues. We haven't seen this since 2017.
You talked a lot about last year, some of these inventory charges that were taken. And you look now, I
mean, your inventories are kind of flattish while your sales are accelerating quarter-over-quarter. So can
you just give me a frame of reference how do you feel about your inventories right now? Do you need to
increase production to maybe match just demand where your inventories are now and where you think
demand might be heading into 2021?

Timothy P. V. Mammen
Senior VP & CFO

I think that's a good operational question. Eugene, what's your view on inventory and the investments and
the overall control and execution around that at the moment?

Eugene A. Scherbakov
COO, Senior VP of Europe & Director

We already mentioned that in 2019, we started to control much more precisely our inventory in different
facilities. I mean, in Germany, United States and also especially in Russia. And during this control, we
improved our position in area, I mean, much more control. And from this point of view, I think we will
continue to check to control and to keep our inventory on the exceptional level.

Valentin P. Gapontsev
Founder, Chairman & CEO

This inventory, our policy in inventory helped us to pass this year over a critical year when this all the
sources, practical components and parts [indiscernible] outside sources where you see the problem and
the average delivery time of new components, so increase in some time, so without inventory create
enormous problem in manufacturing our products. But we have our inventory to pass without any problem
this very tough time.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Mark Miller with The Benchmark Company.

Mark S. Miller
The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division

Considering a possible change in administration in the United States and possible impact on tariffs, any
thoughts about that in terms of how it might impact IPG, if such a thing would occur?

Timothy P. V. Mammen
Senior VP & CFO

I think we -- Mark, I'll get into discussion. In fact, the outcome of the election, we have to see what
happens on that. We're a global and international company that operates in multiple end markets. I think
for us, at the moment, it's more the underlying economic growth that's expected next year globally. So
GDP is forecast to rebound quite strongly on a global basis. The most interesting and important thing
for us would be whether that is actually sustained or whether the pandemic has an impact on that. I
think the outcome of the U.S. election is more muted relative to those expectations. I think the other
area that we're absolutely focused on is this diversification of the business, the new products at different
wavelengths, different pulse durations, addressing different applications and how we execute around
those. And that, again, is on a global basis. So I don't want to get too hung up on the election results. And

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

IPG PHOTONICS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

I think there's other more in the near term, at least, pertinent things that could impact whether global
GDP growth is robust or not next year.

Mark S. Miller
The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division

And just as a follow-up. Could you estimate what percent of sales are coming from products introduced in
the last 2 years?

Timothy P. V. Mammen
Senior VP & CFO

The number we gave on emerging products, which is not quite the last 2 years, those include some
higher-power pulse lasers, but getting to higher powers on that was 21%. We gave that number in the
script.

Operator

Our next question is coming from the line of Tim Diffely with D.A. Davidson.

Thomas Robert Diffely
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division

Tim, you mentioned the gross margins of 160 basis point improvement year-over-year, driven mainly by
cost. Does that infer that pricing has been relatively stable for you over that period of time?

Timothy P. V. Mammen
Senior VP & CFO

On a year-over-year basis, pricing actually still came down. It was more in the 10% to 15% range. It's
more of a -- but some of that is also changes in -- sorry, 10% to 15% on an average kilowatt basis. In
fact, if you look at the high power, average selling prices were down, significantly less because of the
transition to higher power levels. So you've still got competitive dynamics and pricing issues there. If you
look at order -- interestingly, if you look at order flow and ASP, some of the ASP analysis around orders
taken in Q3, there were actually slight improvements on that because of some of these ultra-high power
lasers and single-mode lasers that we booked. But also the exchange rates have moved a little bit in our
favor at the moment. So the renminbi is a bit stronger, the euro is a bit stronger, and that helps with the
ASP trends a bit.

So the other side of the equation is it just continues to reinforce the ability of the company to reduce costs
on product. And this is, as I said, even before the new compact YLR user introduced, there's certainly
some benefit coming from the -- the YLS use. But there's also the product mix benefits as you go to ultra-
high power lasers. Stronger sales of things like green lasers, stronger sales of ultra-high power or higher-
power nanosecond pulse lasers, these are all areas where we have a competitive advantage and where the
value proposition delivered to the customer is exceptionally strong.

Thomas Robert Diffely
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division

Okay. Sounds good. And then on the booking strength, especially in North America, how much of that do
you think reflects just some pent-up demand from a couple of quarters of COVID versus matching the true
underlying demand level today?

Timothy P. V. Mammen
Senior VP & CFO

The bookings, sorry, in North America was -- we referenced that it really came from newer products
and newer applications in advance. So it wasn't necessarily driven by a rebound on the core materials
processing applications. We started to see some more recovery of that, I think, broadly in September and
more recently in October, where we started to see some of the cutting OEMs place some orders. There's a
significant order on automotive we're waiting on at the moment. There was an order take in automotive.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

IPG PHOTONICS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

So the real trend on Q3 was from these advanced applications and strength on some of the emerging
products in green and UV and ultra -- ultrafast.

Operator

The next question is a follow-up from the line of Michael Feniger from Bank of America.

Michael J. Feniger
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I'm just curious, Tim, I mean, with your cash position where it is, I'm curious, you took this impairment in
Genesis. What have you really learned from Genesis? And with this cash position, do you think IPG could
be moving more aggressively in terms of acquisition to help drive that penetration on welding? How are
you guys thinking about that cash position as you head into 2021?

Timothy P. V. Mammen
Senior VP & CFO

Sure. I mean, the cash position and the strength of our balance sheet has been a very significant
advantage to the company during the last year, particularly given the volatility in the macroeconomic
environment. It leaves us with a tremendous amount of firepower to look at potential acquisitions and
investments in new technologies. And then the learning points on Genesis. Genesis, unfortunately,
has been very impacted by COVID-19, right? So there was a lot of growth opportunities in things like
aerospace that we were looking at, particularly on the laser-based and the aerospace industry as a -- I
mean everybody knows it's just a complete mess at the moment. So it's not that we don't think Genesis
is going to be successful. I think that it has just been impacted, and it's going to take a bit of time to get
that business to recover.

On the overall acquisition strategy, we continue the successful acquisitions we've done, have been around
looking at technologies that really fit with our lasers. So the acquisition of LDD in Canada is driving
significant revenue opportunities, given the real time weld monitoring capability. The acquisition of
OptiGrate in Florida really enhances the capability around ultrafast lasers and also even in helping with
some of the diode specifications. So we're well positioned to look at strong technology acquisitions that
benefit the business.

Operator

At this time, we've reached the end of our question-and-answer session, and I'll turn the floor back to
management for closing remarks.

Angelo P. Lopresti
Senior VP, General Counsel & Secretary

Thank you for joining us this morning and for your continued interest in IPG. We look forward to speaking
with you over the coming weeks, and we'll be participating in a number of virtual investor conferences this
quarter. Have a great day, everyone.

Timothy P. V. Mammen
Senior VP & CFO

Thank you.

Valentin P. Gapontsev
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Thank you.

Operator
This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your
participation.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

IPG PHOTONICS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

