Ingersoll Rand Inc. NYSE:IR
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, November 03, 2020 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.31

0.40

Revenue  (mm)

1266.57

1335.20

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-03-2020 4:15 AM GMT

29.03

5.42

0.39

1.26

1.64

1416.43

5215.42

5629.90

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.34

0.27

0.20

0.31

0.37

0.25

0.31

0.40

8.82 %

(7.41 %)

55.00 %

29.03 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Ivana Delevska
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Robert Cameron Wertheimer
Melius Research LLC

Stephen Edward Volkmann
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

John Fred Walsh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Michael Patrick Halloran
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Nathan Hardie Jones
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Ingersoll Rand's Third Quarter 2020
Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your
first speaker today, Vikram Kini, Chief Financial Officer. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir.

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

Thank you, and welcome to the Ingersoll Rand 2020 Third Quarter Earnings Call. I'm Vik Kini, Ingersoll
Rand's Chief Financial Officer; and with me today is Vicente Reynal, Chief Executive Officer.

Our earnings release, which was issued yesterday and a supplemental presentation, which will
be referenced during the call, are both available on the Investor Relations section of our website,
www.irco.com. In addition, a replay of this morning's conference call will be available later today.

Before we get started, I want to remind everyone that certain statements on this call are forward-looking
in nature and are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in our previous SEC filings, which you
should read in conjunction with the information provided on this call. Please review the forward-looking
statements on Slide 2 for more details.

In addition, in today's remarks, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. You can find a
reconciliation of these measures to the most comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance
with GAAP, in our slide presentation and in our earnings release, which are both available on the Investor
Relations section of our website.

Turning to Slide 3. On today's call, we will provide an update on the integration efforts of the company as
well as review our third quarter and total company and segment highlights. We will conclude today's call
with a Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'll turn the call over to Vicente.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Vik, and good morning to everyone. I want to start our call by thanking all our employees around
the world for their hard work and commitment to the health and safety of our teams and their families as
we continue to navigate the COVID-19 pandemic as well as their dedication to serving our customers at
the highest level. Their focus and consistent contribution, coupled with the continued proliferation of IRX
throughout our organization delivered strong results we can all be proud of.

Turning to Slide 4, I want to spend some time on our culture because it is a competitive advantage for us.
Particularly in the midst of a COVID-19 pandemic, our progress has been impressive. Let me point out a
few examples of the in-flight initiatives that are helping to foster our unique culture as we integrate both
companies. We have now rolled out our Purpose and Values Activation to nearly the entire company. These
are highly engaging one-on-one sessions where we work with our employees to discuss our purpose and
values and what it means to lead them every day.

In addition, we have continued the Owning Our Future forums, which are virtual micro townhall meetings
to create open dialogue. To date, we have engaged and heard from over 7,000 employees, and their
feedback is helping us simplify our internal processes.

In the third quarter, we also conducted our first all-employee engagement survey. We had a 95%
participation rate across the entire company, which is nearly 15 percentage points higher than the
manufacturing index we benchmark and puts us in the top quartile of participation. Our high engagement
level is a positive reflection of employee satisfaction with work in our Ingersoll Rand, and employee
happiness is very important to us.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

And a great example of our employees living our purpose and values and making a positive impact in
our community is the Dosatron team, which sits in our Precision and Science Technologies segment. The
Dosatron team helped develop a method to deliver clean drinking water to an orphanage in a remote
location in Madagascar using our technology of electricity-free dosing pumps. Examples like these are
happening around the company and are a strong proof of the culture we'll build in our Ingersoll Rand,
which firmly supports our purpose of lean on us to help you make life better.

Moving to Slide 5. One of our key values is thinking and acting like an owner. In the third quarter, we
took a major step forward in bringing that value to life by making all of our employees shareholders of
the company. On September 21, we were proud to virtually ring the opening bell at the New York Stock
Exchange and announced the issuance of $150 million in equity awards across our entire employee
base. This is a meaningful distribution equal to 20% of an individual's base cash compensation. And as I
have said before, this is not a thank you note to the team. Instead, this is a catalyst to have all 16,000
owners all moving in the same direction to drive change and create value for all shareholders, including
themselves.

And like we did at Gardner Denver, we're tying the equity grant to a specific initiative of improving net
working capital. We are training all employees on what it means to be an owner. When we launched this in
2017, we improved working capital as a percentage of sales at Gardner Denver by over 500 basis points
in less than 2 years. So for us, we feel the future is extremely bright at Ingersoll Rand. And with 16,000
employee owners moving in a common direction, I am confident in our ability to create meaningful value.

Turning to Slide 6. Let me now provide an update on our integration efforts. We have built a strong
foundation and are now pivoting to growth, with a specific focus on executing our talent priorities;
continuing to capture supply chain synergies and driving free cash flow, which is allowing us to accelerate
investments in IoT, digital and e-commerce initiatives; and finally, advancing our work on the ESG front as
we look to be a recognized leader in corporate social responsibility. It is an exciting time at Ingersoll Rand
and as we continue to [ mail ] complementary cultures as well as leverage our deep product portfolio to
serve niche end markets and accelerate growth.

So speaking about growth, let's turn to Slide 7 to showcase a few examples. The first example is focused
on how we're leveraging a differentiated compression technology to penetrate the hydrogen refueling and
dispensing niche market, which is a high-growth and rapidly changing market. As part of the integration
planning process, we did a lot of work to better understand these end markets and the potential it could
bring to our combined company.

Haskel, with over 70 years of industry experience, is one of the world leaders in offering the most reliable
high-pressure equipment and technology today. We're very excited about Haskel's comprehensive portfolio
of specialized compression solutions as we are well positioned to win share. With turnkey refueling stations
used for heavy-duty vehicles and buses and light-duty passenger vehicles, we have now over 100 stations
across the world and a technology leadership edge that we created over the past 12 months.

One example of our investments in innovation here is the launch of a new small-scale, cost-effective,
stand-alone hydrogen fueling station, which is designed for small, simple plug-and-play installations.
But with a flexible configuration, it can be relocated from one location to another very easily for
forklift applications. As we look ahead, the growth prospects in this space are extremely promising
as the continued penetration of hydrogen fueling into key markets is expected to create a $2.5 billion
addressable market for us by 2027.

Turning to Slide 8. This second example demonstrates how we can leverage the breadth of our
technologies across multiple segments to win in targeted end markets like water and wastewater. Take, for
example, a wastewater treatment plant shown on the picture. We have begun to leverage our technologies
across the ITS and PST segment to drive further penetration in what is estimated to be a nearly $5 billion
addressable market with a 5-year CAGR of at least 2x GDP.

Utilizing IRX tools, we're focused on capturing quick wins within our combined broader portfolio. First,
we're focused on increasing customer share wallet by offering a broader set of product solutions. We have
identified already by more than 50 new sales channels to penetrate.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Second, we're coordinating internally our large project funnel to ensure all relevant businesses and brands
are involved in bids with the goal of maximizing the content of Ingersoll Rand products in any project.

And third, by combining demand generation database contacts across the 2 segments, we have now over
32,000 contacts, with an expectation to increase by 40% in the U.S. alone as part of our impact daily
management process. We're now beginning to educate these entire deliveries of potential customers of
our technologies and solutions with dedicated digital campaigns.

And while we're still in the early days as we just launched this initiative, we have already seen an increase
of over $30 million in our funnel. This commercial synergy is just the beginning of what we believe will be
a future where we connect all the technologies to optimize the entire process. And given the work we are
already doing on IoT, we feel that we're well positioned to capture this opportunity, given our deep know-
how of the types of sensors and controllers required in our products to best optimize the data acquisition
and analytics.

Let me now turn over the call to Vik for an overview on the financials. Vik?

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, Vicente. Moving to Slide 9. Overall, we are extremely pleased with our performance in Q3 as
industrial end markets saw a gradual sequential momentum throughout the quarter. We saw a similar
trend across the majority of our businesses as total company orders and revenue increased 13% and 6%,
respectively, as compared to 2Q levels, with strong double-digit momentum in the Industrial Technologies
and Services, Specialty Vehicles and High Pressure Solutions segments.

The Precision and Science segment saw slight sequential declines in orders, which was in line with
expectations due to the large COVID-related orders for medical pumps we saw in the first half of the year
that we did not expect to repeat. As we continue to navigate these uncertain times, our goal is to continue
to manage those areas in our control by utilizing IRX to maximize the value capture on productivity and
synergy initiatives and maintain ample liquidity. And the team did exactly that as they delivered adjusted
EBITDA of $284 million and adjusted EBITDA margin of 21.3%. This was a 220 basis point improvement
from the second quarter.

On a year-over-year basis, despite double-digit revenue declines, margins were up 150 basis points. And
when adjusting for the High Pressure Solutions segment, total company margins improved 240 basis
points.

The teams are continuing to execute extremely well on capturing cost synergies, and our annualized
savings now stand at $150 million, or 60% of our stated target of $250 million. Our strong commercial
and operational execution led to company-wide decrementals of only 6%, which marks our lowest level
seen thus far in 2020.

From a cash flow and capital structure perspective, we saw a similar strong performance as free cash
flow grew to $179 million. Liquidity now stands at $2.3 billion. And as a reminder, historical financials, as
provided in this deck, on a supplemental basis, as if the transaction had happened on January 1, 2018,
to insist in clean comparatives for the quarter. The detailed assumptions and adjustments used in these
supplementals can be found in the appendix of these slides and our earnings release.

Turning to Slide 10. From a total company perspective, FX-adjusted orders and revenue declined 8% and
11%, respectively, which is a meaningful improvement from the comparable 21% and 19% decline we
saw in the second quarter. While COVID continues to create challenges, we saw continued stabilization in
core markets in the Americas and EMEA, particularly in the IT&S segment. Both regions saw high single-
digit order declines on a total quarter basis for core compressor blower and vacuum equipment, with
the strongest month occurring in September. And Asia Pacific continued to show positive trends on both
revenue and orders led by China.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Specialty Vehicles saw strong order performance, up 29% ex FX, as the momentum for consumer vehicles
continues at record levels. And as expected, the High Pressure Solutions segment saw order declines of
slightly over 80% due to continued overcapacity in the market and depressed activity levels.

Overall, we posted a strong book-to-bill of 1.02 for the quarter, which was slightly better than levels seen
in the prior year of 1.0.

The company delivered $284 million adjusted EBITDA, a decline of only 3% versus prior year, even
with the headwinds caused by the pandemic. The IT&S, Precision and Science and Specialty Vehicle
segments all saw a year-over-year improvement in adjusted EBITDA and strong triple-digit margin
expansion. Offsets were seen in the High Pressure Solutions segment as well as higher corporate costs.
We saw a large benefit in prior year costs due to reduced incentive compensation costs as well as in-year
investments primarily around infrastructure and growth initiatives to stand up the new company.

Turning to Slide 11. Free cash flow for the quarter was $179 million, driven by the strong operational
performance across the business, working capital improvements and continued cost savings and CapEx
prioritization initiatives in the current uncertain environment. CapEx during the quarter totaled $8 million.
Free cash flow included $26 million of outflows related to the transaction comprised of $13 million of
synergy delivery spend and $12 million of company and standup-related spend.

From a leverage perspective, we finished at 2.5x, which was an 0.1 improvement as compared to prior
quarter despite $10 million of lower LTM adjusted EBITDA. We would expect to continue to see leverage
remain in the 2.5x range or slightly better as we finish the year. And we feel comfortable with our current
leverage position and see a path to being at 2.0x or better in the relatively near term.

On the right-hand of the page, you can see the breakdown of total company liquidity, which now stands at
$2.3 billion based on $1.3 billion of cash and nearly $1 billion of availability on our revolving credit facility.

During the quarter, we terminated our legacy Receivables Financing Agreement, which was due to expire
at the end of the year. We were not intending to renew the RFA moving into 2021 due to our enhanced
liquidity profile and given the fact that the overall impact on liquidity from the RFA exit was less than 2%.

As of September end, all of the company's legacy fixed interest rate swaps have now expired. This is
expected to yield an approximately $5 million cash interest benefit in Q4 as compared to Q3 at current
interest rate levels. And as the company's debt profile is now 100% fully floating, we will be examining the
appropriate fixed versus floating structure moving forward from a risk management perspective. In total,
liquidity has now increased $730 million from the end of Q1, giving us ample dry powder to execute on
our organic and inorganic growth strategies.

Moving to Slide 12. We continue to see strong momentum on our cost synergy delivery efforts. Within
the quarter, we accelerated the phasing of this initiative, and we have now already executed $150
million of annualized synergies. This includes $105 million of permanent structural cost reductions, with
approximately $80 million to $85 million of those savings expected to be realized in 2020. On procurement
synergies, we have captured $40 million to $50 million, with approximately $15 million to $20 million
of the savings expected to be delivered in 2020. This represents an increase of $20 million of executed
actions as compared to prior quarter. And as a reminder, our funnel for direct material line of synergies are
based on 2019 direct material spend.

In total, we now expect to deliver approximately 40% of our overall synergy target in 2020, which is
approximately $100 million of savings. In addition, we now expect to deliver approximately 70% of
our cumulative synergy savings by the end of 2021 and approximately 85% by the end of 2022, with
the balance coming in 2023. And as we have previously communicated, we are keeping the overall
cost synergy target at $250 million over a 3-year time frame to remain prudent on volume-dependent
synergies like procurement and I2V, given the current environment, and we'll provide an overall update
when we give 2021 guidance during our February 2021 earnings call.

We also continued to make strong progress on lowering decremental margins. Total company
decrementals were only 6%, with IT&S, Precision and Science and Specialty Vehicles all seeing strong
flow-through, and High Pressure Solutions managing decrementals below 40% for the first time this year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

We also mentioned last quarter that we were expecting to see approximately $30 million to $35 million
of the short-term cost actions that were taken in Q2 come back to the P&L. The teams did a nice job of
managing those costs, and we only saw approximately $10 million come back to the P&L.

Given the gradual recovery of the overall market, as well as very recent COVID-related lockdown in
several countries, we are now expecting a full return of that $30 million to $35 million cost base to extend
into 2021.

I will now turn it back over to Vicente to discuss the segments.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Vik. So moving to Slide 13 and starting with the Industrial Technologies and Services. Overall,
this segment performed better than expected, with organic orders and revenue down 8% and 9%,
respectively, resulting in a book-to-bill ratio of 1. Despite the revenue decline, the team delivered strong
adjusted EBITDA that was up 9%, and an adjusted EBITDA margin of 24%, up 370 basis points year-over-
year.

Moving to commercial performance. While we know that many like to compare the entire ITS segment
against some of our peers, that comparison can be a bit challenging, given that we have several different
businesses in this segment. Last quarter, we brought down the segment based on our internal business
structure. In the spirit of transparency and desire to help you understand the business, we are now
showing a product line breakdown.

Starting with compressors, which represents about 65% of the segment, we saw orders down mid-single
digits and revenue down low single digits. A further breakdown into oil-free and oil lubricated products will
show that oil-free was up low double digits in revenue, which we believe demonstrates the success of our
strategic focus in this category, as well as market resiliency for oil-free products.

From an lubricator perspective, orders and revenue were down mid- to high single digits, mainly driven by
small rotary compressors while large compressors continued to outperform.

Regarding the regional split for revenue on compressors, in the Americas, the North America team
performed comparatively better at down low single digits while Latin America was down in the mid-single
digits. Mainland Europe was down low single digits, while India, Middle East and Africa continued to see a
decline in the mid-teens, which is a great improvement from Q2 levels of down nearly 40%. Asia Pacific
continues to be the best performer, with revenue up mid-single digits driven by positive growth in China,
while Southeast Asia is still seeing declines due to COVID shutdowns in some countries.

Moving to vacuum and blowers, which represents approximately 20% of the segment. Orders were down
low single digits, driven by mid-single decline in the blower business, partially offset with positive order
momentum in our longer-cycle Nash and Garo vacuum businesses. We were encouraged also to see
that the industrial vacuum business in Europe was relatively flat compared to down double digits in the
second quarter, which is a sign that our OEM customers are seeing some underlying improvement in their
markets.

Moving next to the power tools and lifting, which is 10% of the segment, the total business was down
high teens in orders and mid-20s in revenue. The encouraging sign here is the rapid improvement from
last quarter, where we were down low 40s in orders. The tool business has materially improved from the
second quarter, while lifting and material handling business remain depressed. And as we have said in
the past, our focus here has been to materially improve the profitability of this business. And we're very
happy with how the team has executed, delivering 270 basis points of sequential adjusted EBITDA margin
expansion.

In this quarter, we want to highlight one of our growth synergies, which is the expansion of our oil-free
compressor launch in Europe. You may recall, we launched a radical new technology in the oil-free space
within Gardner Denver just a few years ago. This patented technology delivers completely oilless air, with
a value proposition unmatched in the market. At that time, the Gardner Denver channel was not properly

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

set up an experience enough to sell such a unique product focused on total cost of ownership in the oil-
free space. However, the Ingersoll Rand team has a lot of experience in selling oil-free products. And
within a matter of months, we have relaunched the product under the Ingersoll Rand brand and leveraged
the Ingersoll Rand channel.

We have also trained over 400 channel partners, and our funnel has increased to $15 million in a matter of
months. It is good to note that more than 20% of that funnel increase was generated purely with demand
generation efforts.

Moving to Slide 14, we'll review the Precision and Science Technology segment. Overall, organic orders
were down 9%. As expected, total order levels were down 3% sequentially, but when normalizing for
the COVID-related orders that we saw on the medical side of the business in the second quarter, the
sequential improvement was actually positive.

Revenue performance was quite strong at down only 1% organically, driving a strong performance within
the business where the Dosatron and medical businesses, which delivered double-digit revenue growth.
The Precision and Science technology team also delivered strong adjusted EBITDA that was up 14% on
relatively flat revenue. This led to a very resilient adjusted EBITDA margin of 30.7%, up 350 basis points
year-over-year and 30 basis points sequentially, again, driven by solid execution and use of IRX tools to
drive productivity enhancements.

On this call, we're excited to introduce Albin Pump to the Ingersoll Rand family. Albin is a leader in the
manufacturing of electric peristaltic pumps, which is one of the highest growth positive displacement
technology. We see strong commercial synergies as we leverage Albin alongside our ARO and Milton Roy
brands and plan to leverage the Precision and Science global network and channel to accelerate growth at
Albin. This is a great example of the type of bolt-on acquisitions we're very excited about for the company.

Moving to Slide 15 and the Specialty Vehicle Technology segment. Overall, Q3 was another strong
performance for the Specialty Vehicle Technology team, with organic orders and revenue up 29% and
1%, respectively. Adjusted EBITDA of $38 million increased 36% year-over-year, leading to an adjusted
EBITDA margin of 19.7%, which represents 510 basis points improvement versus prior year. Proliferation
of the IRX toolkit is allowing the Specialty Vehicles team to capture strong end market demand in the
consumer vehicle segment and grow our share.

The strength is based on continued digital demand generation activities, compelling new product
launches, including lithium and a 6-passenger offering and extremely consistent production and channel
performance. We're also pleased with the traction on the launch of the second-generation lithium battery
for the golf cart market, where we're seeing an improvement in cost, reliability and range, which we
believe is now leading in the industry.

Aftermarket also continues to be a strong focus, including our Club Car Connect platform, which is
showcased on the right side of the slide. With over 100,000 connected vehicles. Club Car Connect is a
GPS-enabled technology platform that provides fleet managers with car control features, such as geo-
fencing and location-based speed control, as well as asset management tools such as the ability to
monitor the location of the golf carts and report vehicle diagnostics.

Moving to Slide 16 and the High Pressure Solutions segment. The business performed largely in line with
expectations, and it continued low demand in the oil and gas industry. Orders and revenue were down
81% and down 68%, respectively. Nearly 90% of the revenue base continues to come from aftermarket
parts and services, with consumables continuing to be the most stable component of the revenue base.

I am extremely proud of the team for their proactive efforts and productivity improvements around cost
management controls, which allows us to deliver positive adjusted EBITDA of $1 million and decrementals
below 40% despite the meaningful revenue declines.

As we look ahead to the fourth quarter, although we're seeing some market recovery, we have been
unknown of extended holidays later in the quarter as well as continued pandemic headwinds.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Looking forward to 2021, we remain encouraged with how the business is positioned from a product
offering and cost structure perspective. We feel there is some pent-up demand in the market, which will
return at some point, beginning with the service and repair work, and we're well positioned to capture this
opportunity with the premier service centers like our Permian facility that is highlighted on the right side of
the slide.

Moving to Slide 17. We want to provide a quick message of how the business has performed thus far in
the fourth quarter. Through the first 3 weeks of October, the total company is down mid-single digits in
orders, with book-to-bill at greater than 1. Within the Industrial Technology and Services segment, the
regions are largely trending in line with the year-over-year order trends that we saw in the third quarter.
And the power tool business continues to see sequential improvements.

The Precision and Science Technology segment is currently positive year-over-year. And the Specialty
Vehicle segment is continuing to see healthy momentum on the consumer side, coupled with growth
seasonality. The High Pressure Solutions segment is down 30% to 35%, which is encouraging, but we see
limited expectations for activity in December.

We're not providing formal Q4 or total year guidance at this time. But from a high-level perspective, we
expect the gradual margin recovery to continue in the fourth quarter, with revenue trending positively
on a sequential basis. The Industrial Technology and Specialty Vehicles segment should support most of
that strength, given normal seasonality in the shorter-cycle components of Ingersoll technology, as well
as larger projects that will ship later in the quarter. For the Precision and Science Technology and High
Pressure Solutions segments, we expect a comparable revenue performance relative to the third quarter.

From a margin perspective, we will continue to aggressively manage decrementals and expect to be
below 30%. We're expecting some headwinds in the fourth quarter compared to what we saw in the third
quarter, mainly unfavorable product mix in Precision and Science due to a lower contribution from medical
as the COVID-related backlog has largely shipped and in Specialty Vehicles, as mix shifts more towards
growth, which carries a lower margin than the consumer, which has been very strong.

We also expect the cost base to increase slightly as we continue to invest in organic initiatives to fuel
long-term growth. It is also worth noting that this assumes no additional material headwinds from the
pandemic. We haven't seen any notable impact on order rates just yet, but we're monitoring closely, and
we will be ready to execute our playbook as we have successfully done this year to react quickly to any
business interruptions.

Moving to Slide '18. As we wrap up today's call, I want to reiterate that we're excited by our progress.
While we're still in the early stages of our transformation, we have taken meaningful steps forward in
creating a differentiated culture and improving the performance of the company. And now with 16,000
employees who are now owners of the company, I am confident that we can continue to transform
Ingersoll Rand and deliver increased value to all of our shareholders.
So with that, I'll turn the call back to the operator and open for Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Julian Mitchell from Barclays.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Maybe just the first question around the operating leverage as we look ahead to a more normalized sort
of recovery stage. You had 60% sequential incremental margins, I think, in Q3. So extremely high level.
And I understand that those incrementals will moderate as the recovery matures. But maybe any kind
of placeholder as you're thinking about the net off of temporary costs coming back, the ongoing synergy
extraction and the extent to which you'll manage those incrementals via ongoing reinvestments as well?

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Julian, this is Vik. I'll start with that and let Vicente weigh in as well. You're absolutely right. I think
Q3 was an extremely strong quarter for all the reasons you mentioned. I think as we think forward and
we look into Q4, as we mentioned, we don't expect the sequential incrementals to look quite as strong.
Our view as we look kind of forward and, frankly, even look into 2021, is that we think that normalized
incrementals, kind of across the portfolio, on a base level, should play in that kind of 30% to 35% range,
with obviously some upside opportunity for the synergy extraction. Remember, there are some cost
normalization and things of that nature that will continue to kind of unfold as we move into 2021, as we
mentioned. But I think 30% to 35% is probably a good base level to use, with some upside opportunity as
synergies start to materialize into 2021 and thereafter.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

That's very helpful. And then my second question, really around the free cash flow, very strong in the 9
months, what, $470 million or [ 125 ]% conversion to adjusted net. I realize that it's the first sort of year
of the combined entity, and maybe there are some one-time pieces moving around the working capital
move, perhaps, a bit abnormal this year. So I just wondered what you could indicate in terms of free cash
conversion expectations as you look out. And also within this year's number, what's the total synergy and
stand-up cash outflow for the year, please?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Julian, I think we would expect to be greater than or equal to 100% of adjusted net income on a free
cash flow perspective. I think what we're excited about is that, yes, you have seen that some very good
momentum on the free cash generation. And the most important piece here is that we still feel we have
plenty of levers for us to improve. Clearly, one that we just talked about here is how we're rallying up all
16,000 employee owners in the company around their working capital, as a percentage of sales and how
we believe we can unlock a good amount of cash by getting everyone focused on that perspective, as we
did with the Gardner Denver in the past. And then other levers such as tax or tax rate, we spoke a little
about that, that's also offering a good, meaningful opportunity. And so I think the exciting piece here,
Julian, is that we still have more improvement opportunities.

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, and Julian, on the second piece in terms of some of the moving components and kind of what we've
spent thus far from a free cash flow perspective, specifically on the synergy and standup cost. In the first
half of the year, we had about $80 million between the first -- first and second quarter of cash outflows.
And then you can see in Q3, we had about $26 million. So you've had a little over $100 million of cash

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

outflows, thus far, specifically for synergy and standup related spend for the first 3 quarters. And we would
expect right now that Q4 should look comparable to what you saw in Q3 as we've guided before. So I can
kind of give you an idea of kind of just the, I'll call it, onetime, but really the synergy and standup-related
spend that has flowed through free cash flow.

Operator

Your next question comes from Michael Halloran from Baird.

Michael Patrick Halloran
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

So why don't we start with some thoughts as we're thinking about next year. Just a lot of uncertainty out
there. Qualitatively, how are you guys positioning things internally in your core businesses as we sit here?
What's the early thought process? How are you guys going about iterations for next year? And any kind of
high-level thoughts on that side?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Mike, clearly, we're now in the midst of the cycle of kind of getting with the teams through our
budget cycle for 2021. And this is part of our process, as we completed our strategic plans a couple of
months ago. While we don't have full visibility, I mean, we like what we see from the macro indicators,
PMI, ISM, I mean, across the world showing some continual gradual improvement. So we're encouraged
about this. But we know that there's some uncertainties with COVID in many of the global markets and
lockdowns. I think the most important thing for me to highlight here, and we're highlighting with the
team, is that I believe that we have been able to demonstrate how we're able to adjust and adapt to
whatever environment there looks like. And you can see that from the down market and how we have
controlled our decrementals very well at the same time while investing.

So I think the way that we're working with the teams is have a perspective in terms of good gradual
continued sequential, nothing -- but more important, making sure that we're making the right investments
while controlling the cost and continued improvements in our company.

I would say too as well. Maybe, Mike, to add to that is, right now, we feel good about kind of the backlog
in terms of our loan cycle businesses, like we have whether large compressors or some of our larger
vacuum businesses. And also with the Specialty vehicles. I mean they have a very solid backlog too us
well heading into 2021. So at least at this point in time, I mean, we're going to be working with the teams
on the budget and building as we kind of go forward 2021 with a high level of just flexibility.

Michael Patrick Halloran
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

That makes sense. And then maybe help with some puts and takes on the capital optionality side.
One, how you're thinking about the current portfolio as it sits here today. Any changes there? And
then secondarily, you're in a good balance sheet position. Vik mentioned earlier, towards 2x in the near
future here. How are you thinking about M&A? What does the funnel look like? And then secondarily, are
buybacks something you guys are considering in the near term?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Mike. I think this is -- as you saw, we got our 3 phases, and we spoke a lot openly about our kind of
Phase 3 portfolio optionality that just gives us plenty of opportunity for us to evaluate that. And that is
equal on both sides, as you said, optionality on potential divestitures, but at the same time on the M&A.
And the M&A, I tell you, the funnel is very, very active. We're very excited with Albin, the acquisition
that we just made. A lot of these acquisitions as well. I think the interesting thing is that we continue
to source those ourselves in the sense that we're finding that being proactive and working with a lot of
these companies in our relationships is really unlocking the opportunity to be able to be more prudent and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

disciplined in the terms of multiples that we pay. So I think the M&A funnel is very, very active, and we're
really excited about what we have ahead of us in that case.

Michael Patrick Halloran
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

In the buyback side? Any thoughts there?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

None at this point, I would say, Mike. I mean, because we see very good opportunities for us in the M&A.
And you have seen how we're able to -- from a pre and post multiple, reduced at post multiple synergy
dramatically. So we just see greater payback right now in the M&A.

Operator

Your next question comes from Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Just coming back to kind of the synergy question. What -- as you think about kind of the funnel, right,
I just wonder if the funnel really -- the complexion of the funnel is changing at all. And some of your
concerns, just about kind of the ability to travel and all these sorts of things kind of getting at the $250
million doesn't really seem to have kind of borne out, right? It seems like you're actually getting at it
maybe a little bit quicker than you thought.

So really kind of 2 questions. The speed with which you can kind of continue to knock out the $250 million
and whether there's anything really moving around on the $350 million and when that might move from
kind of funnel to actual firm target.

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, sure, Jeff. This is Vik. I'll take that one. You're absolutely right. We've been pretty pleased with how
we've been actually able to execute on the synergy funnel at this point in time. As we mentioned, I don't
think that, frankly, the COVID environment has really prevented us from executing on the funnel. We
started with, frankly, a lot of the activities, particularly on the structural side. And I'd say the beginning
phases of the procurement frankly, before the merger even was really -- was completed. So that's really
been able to accelerate what we've been able to see.

And you've seen that we've actually, sequentially, every quarter, we've even accelerated the cadence,
including now where we're saying about 40% of the savings to be delivered here in 2020, 70% by next
year, and then 85% by the year thereafter, which is considerably, I'd say, sped up compared to what our
original expectations are. So I'd say at this point in time, continuing to kind of move forward. I don't think
the COVID environment has dramatically stopped things. We do and found ways to do things like I2V
and workshops and teardowns in a virtual manner. Not how we planned it originally, but still been able to
execute.

And then in terms of the larger funnel in excess of $350 million, I'd say the complexion, to your point,
is still largely the same. Really, what's ahead of us here is much more direct material oriented savings
as well as footprint. And as we mentioned, the direct material side does have a big component that's
obviously tied to the volume equation, which as Vicente mentioned, as we get better visibility into 2021
and thereafter, I think we'll be able to give an update accordingly.

And the footprint piece largely has not changed. I'd say that's the piece that, clearly, in this environment
is probably a little bit more difficult to execute on. The good news is the funnel is continuing to progress
quite nicely, and we'd always plan to be executing on that footprint funnel really into 2021 and 2022.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Nothing's really changed in that manner. So I'd say we're still pleased with how things are progressing,
and we've largely accelerated what's within our control.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Great. And just back to IT&S and some of the kind of the kind of heavier CapEx oriented parts of the
business. I just -- you gave us the order color and I appreciate that. I just wonder if you could give us a
little bit more color, though, just on what your customers are saying, how the CapEx outlook in some of
these vertical markets that are more industrial sensitive look as we perhaps look into at least the first part
of 2021.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Jeff, well, I think the good -- I mean, we're encouraged in terms of how we're seeing the
conversations with the customers. I mean, we spoke earlier in the year, how things were kind of slow, but
we are seeing some fairly good momentum on some of these kind of loan cycle businesses that require
some very large capital investments. So we're encouraged with the conversations that our teams are
having it. We saw also some of that here in the second quarter. And we always said that the fourth quarter
is a quarter where we expect a lot of these kind of orders to get closed and booked into the orders. So at
least we're encouraged with that.

And that -- there was a little bit of the commentary I made about going into 2021, that we're at least
positive in terms of the backlog that we have coming into the year with these businesses and, obviously,
more encouraged about how our teams are pursuing more aggressively a lot of these kind of large
investments that are kind of getting trued up.

Operator

Your next question comes from Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research.

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

So I wanted to switch to upstream oil and gas, High Pressure, HPS. Obviously, encouraging trends there.
It seems like we've found a floor, and we're starting to improve sequentially. A couple of questions there.
One, would you say a disproportionate amount of the temporary cost measures have gone into that
business to sort of preserve the margins? And should we be done in some modest sequential improvement
in that business, similar to what we've seen in prior recoveries from here?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Nigel. So definitely, a good amount of temporary. But I mean, I would say, similar in nature to what
we have done. If you remember, I mean, the HPS is a business that, even back in the second half of last
year, we started the restructuring and the business looks really different from a footprint perspective and
also from a CapEx investment that we have done. So I think we're encouraged with what the team have
been able to rapidly adjust, and I think that is really encouraging as we see some of that kind of comeback
that we're seeing in the market.

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

And then sequential growth from here, do you think that's reasonable based on customer conversations
and what you see in the market?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

We think so. We think so, Nigel. I mean we're being kind of thoughtful and prudent from the perspective,
only just because you never know what's going to happen on some of the holidays here after Thanksgiving
and into Christmas. But based on fleet count continues to increase sequentially, our order rates continue
to increase. So now year-over-year, as we pointed out in the first week of October, we're down only
30% to 35%, which is also encouraging. And -- but we also feel that the pent-up demand has not come
through. So I think that's also highly encouraging, I would say.

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay, great. And then my follow-up question on ITS is -- first of all, thanks for all the details. I think you
preempted about 10-questions with the detail. But how did services track within that mix? I mean I know
that was hit pretty hard by the shutdowns. I'm just wondering if we've seen some pent-up coming from
the survey and whether back to growth in services.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. No, good question, Nigel. I would say that the big service business that we have is really, mainly,
I would say, mostly in the U.S. and Europe, where we mostly, in many cases, will go direct. We saw
the good sequential improvement through the quarter. And what we have seen is that aftermarket and
services, all that holistically is roughly 2x better than the whole goods, so -- than the complete. So I
wouldn't call it at a massive pent-up demand. I'll just say kind of more gradual improvement as people
are kind of dating and opening the locations to allow us to go and kind of go in. But nothing dramatic, just
good gradual improvement.

Operator

Your next question comes from Rob Wertheimer from Melius Research.

Robert Cameron Wertheimer
Melius Research LLC

So listen, I think you've touched a couple of times on sort of long-cycle versus short-cycle dynamics. But I
wonder if you could just tell us underlying demand sort of trends. Is there a very wide gap between the 2?
How wide is it? Is that already narrowing down, so you know that the longer cycle stuff is, in fact, coming
up, we're not just relying on the short-cycle still?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

It feels that way, Rob. I mean it feels that definitely, we can tell you that on the long-cycle business was
actually positive from our perspective in the third quarter. So again, that could be sometimes spotty based
on the size of the project that you see. But we're seeing some good momentum in CO2 capture. We're
seeing some good momentum in air separation and industrial gases. We're seeing some kind of projects
that are more related to on-shoring gains kind of release and allowing us to implement our technology on
those. So we're seeing some good, I'd say, sequential improvement on that.

I guess to me, more encouraging is the conversations that our teams are having with the customers seem
to be just much more active than what it was in the past. So -- but is there a big separation between the
2? Not dramatically, I would say. But encouraging signs on both. Okay.

Robert Cameron Wertheimer
Melius Research LLC

That's very helpful. If I can ask just squeeze one other on -- pivot to growth on Phase 2. I wonder if
you can characterize where you think you have the organization focused. Has the intense focus been on
synergies in the past few months, and you've already internally sort of converted the growth with some of
the focus you're doing, and that will show up in the next few quarters? Or where would you say you put
the organization right now?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Rob, that's a great question. And one of the things that we're able to do in our business with the
increased amount of agility and nimbleness that we're driving with the use of IRX. And as you know,
we have over 200 of those kind of every week with an impact daily management. And so yes, I mean,
I can tell you that in our conversations, we talked a lot more about growth synergies now that we see
some good momentum on the cost synergies. So we still have the KPI on the cost synergies, but now we
have added the KPI on the growth synergies. So the conversation is really pivoting more towards that.
It takes time to see that solid momentum in the business. So -- but again, we're able to pivot and pivot
kind of right in the -- I would say, we did a mid- third quarter kind of pivoting to that. And so again, more
encouraging. And as kind of we go into 2021, that we could see some of the fruit of those actions that
we're taking.

Operator

Your next question comes from Stephen Volkmann from Jefferies.

Stephen Edward Volkmann
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

If I could just go back, Vik, to some of your comments about the margin incrementals. I think we had
originally thought about 30-ish percent this quarter, and obviously, you kind of blew that away and talked
about some of the temporary costs not coming back as you expected. I'm just trying to understand, how
does that work? I mean, it sounds like you don't actually kind of drive that from a top-down perspective.
Maybe it's more driven by the businesses. And obviously, I'm trying to think about how that all plays out in
the fourth quarter.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I'll categorize it. I mean it's obviously driven -- I mean, our teams, as I said, even as we are
preparing our budgets for 2021, our teams are really attuned in terms of what incrementals and
decrementals are kind of being in the U.S. us for best-in-class, and we'll strive to get to those. I think
when we provided some of the kind of conversation or -- not guidance, but a framework as we were going
into Q3, there was a lot of discretionary costs that was supposed to come that, obviously, not all of that
showed up into the third quarter.

But I'll tell you that our teams just pay close attention to a lot of these leading indicators that we're
tracking. And I think in our commentary, we'll just kind of be more attuned in terms of just telling you
kind of what we expect to see, but obviously, with the room for our teams to be able to drive further
improvements to that.

Stephen Edward Volkmann
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Okay. So just to be clear then, Vik mentioned, I think, 35-ish percent incrementals, is that the right way to
think about the fourth quarter?

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

No. So, Steve, I think the way we were thinking about it is that was kind of more of a longer-term
into 2021. From a fourth quarter perspective, and if you look year-over-year, I think, in our prepared
commentary. Obviously, we're still going to see a challenged view versus prior year. We mentioned that
decremental should be lower than 30%. And frankly, we would expect to be able to control it, frankly,
lower than that level, bringing it more in line with probably levels you saw in the 2Q realm or slightly
better. Clearly not as well as Q3, which is 6%. Clearly, a lot of good tailwinds and some of the margin mix
items we talked about. But I think Q4, specifically, continues to see decrementals well below 30%. But I

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

think as we look further out and as ultimately the business turns to more of a growth mode, that was kind
of the comment as we look ahead.

Operator

Your next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz from Citigroup.

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Can you give us a little more color on what you're seeing in terms of the growth within Precision and
Science. You mentioned the expected decline in the foreign PFS business, it was down 6% in Q3. GDI and
Medical, I think, was up 10%. But then you mentioned the overall segment is positive through the first
weeks of Q4. So is PFS continuing to turn more positive? Or does it really strengthen the GDI and Medical
business? And could you give us more color on what's driving the improvement in PFS?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Andy, I'll say that most of the businesses are kind of continuing to strengthen the Precision and
science. And that's -- clearly, you're seeing some of that here in early October. And when you -- when we
saw -- throughout the quarter in the third quarter, we saw continued improvement through the month of
Q3.

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

And then Vicente, obviously, you spent some time talking about hydrogen. Obviously, ESG becomes more
important every day. You just mentioned on-shoring and the initiatives there. So if you look at all these
sort of newer trends together, is it having an impact on your business, overall, right now? And as you think
about '21, how well positioned are you to sort of grow above market because of all these new trends that
you guys are exposed to?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

That is, I think, the exciting piece there, Andy, that a lot of these kind of trends continue to go in our
favor from that perspective, not just by pure log, but mainly because of the, I would say, call it, self-help
innovation that the team is doing. I mean, we find some of these kind of growth, secular trends, and then
we evaluate how can our technology be applicable to those trends, and then we go deeply and then create
some unique differentiated innovation. I think that is what is very different in our case is that our teams
are pretty agile on that. So yes, I mean, I think it's more going to be indicative in 2021 and further. You
can see -- I mean, expectations for hydrogen are just kind of massive in terms of growth. And we want to
be participants with our new kind of unique technology. But it's going to be kind of more, I'll say, medium
to long term.

Operator

Your next question comes from David Raso from Evercore ISI.

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

A question about what's in the backlog for each business. The color you provided on ITS appears to be
a positive mix when I hear the bigger compressors are strong. And then within Precision, just thinking
about Medical, maybe that driving the growth diminishes a little bit. Should we think about that as maybe
potentially a little bit of a less positive mix moving forward? So I'm just trying to get a sense of what's
in the backlog, what we have seen so far in October to better understand the mix developments of the
revenue within those 2 segments.

Vikram U. Kini

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Senior VP & CFO

Sure, David. I'll start kind of in inverse order. You hit on the head with Precision and Science. We did
definitely have, I'd say, an elevated medical backlog that we were really leveraging through the second
quarter and third quarter, and largely, kind of shipping through here as we get in the beginning of the
fourth quarter. And the medical piece of definitely has a little bit of a margin upside, comparatively
speaking. So it's not to say that the balance of the Precision and Science is actually healthy margins.
It's just not quite at those Medical COVID-related orders. So again, that will normalize here as we move
through fourth quarter and into 2021.

On the IT&S side, it's actually not dramatically different. Each project is a little bit unique. But I would
say that the margin profile is actually kind of comparable to what you see on the typically shorter-cycle
compressors of blower and vacuum equipment. And as such, I would say that Q4 margin profile should be
comparable to what you saw in Q3. It's project-by-project, it's a little bit different. But I think, in totality,
it's relatively comparable, especially given the momentum we've seen on margins across the balance of
the short cycle [indiscernible].

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

That's helpful. And lastly, on the COVID impact, especially some of the lockdowns we began to see in
Europe. Hopefully, we don't see any here. But when you think about a potential impact, are you trying to
get ahead of that a bit, maybe securing some kind of buffer component inventory? Or are you just sort of
playing it straight and as it unfolds, it unfolds. So I'm just curious how you're reacting to potential impact.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

So David, I wouldn't call that we're accelerating any inventories as we speak now. So what our teams have
been doing is that they -- based on the lessons learned, I mean, they clearly work with the suppliers so
that the suppliers can hold more buffer inventory for all the businesses holding that inventory. And so I
think we're prepared and working with the supply chain to be able to service us proactively.

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

And so far, no implications on any facilities from some of the French or U.K. or the lockdown lights we've
seen in Germany?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

No.

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

No? It's terrific.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

No. No implications.

Operator

Your next question comes from Joe Ritchie from Goldman Sachs.

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Vicente, can you maybe just touch on that opportunity that you're seeing, specifically on the oil-free side
with selling through your European channels. I'd love to know any kind of thoughts on cadence of that
opportunity over the next couple of years.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Joe, I think this is actually -- I mean, as you remember, we were pretty excited with the combination
of the 2 companies because of the complementary technology and how much we consider oil-free to
be just a good kind of growth end market just based on the market that it plays. And so this is a very
good opportunity because the Ingersoll Rand team, definitely, has a lot of good experience selling oil-free
compressors. And I will say that at this point in time, we're just kind of scratching the surface still on just
purely kind of aligning the technologies to where the best channel could be served for those technologies.
So what you saw here is basically our kind of launch of that oil-free technology that we developed during
the Gardner Denver days and having the Ingersoll Rand team have access to that through their channel.
And the teams are very excited. I mean, obviously, our channel partners as well, as the direct teams are
very excited positioning those technologies into the, primarily, food and pharma end markets.

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got it. That's helpful color, Vicente. I think maybe my one follow-up. I know we touched on this a little bit
earlier on -- in ITS, so it's short cycle versus long cycle. But can you just remind us like how much of your
ITS business is tied to short cycle with the ISM improving versus long-side oil project related?

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, Joe, I'll take that one. This is Vik. I would say that probably -- I would [ involve production ] about
80%, roughly speaking, is probably shorter cycle kind of typical standard fare compressor blower, vacuum,
power tool type equipment. 15% to 20%, somewhere in that range is probably a little bit more tied to the
longer-cycle components. So things around the larger centrifugal compressors, as well as things like the
Nash, Garo kind of vacuum, liquid ring pump and compressor business. So that's probably a pretty good
indication.

Operator

Your next question comes from John Walsh from Crédit Suisse.

John Fred Walsh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I was wondering if you could just first kind of touch on maybe your customer inventory levels. I'm thinking
about kind of those distributors that are stocking the smaller side of the compression range.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes, John, most -- we don't have that many distributors that will stock a lot of our compressors. And our
exposure to the kind of smaller reciprocating compressor, that basically kind of will be maybe the -- the
do-it-yourself, where we also don't play on that. So I would say, inventory levels are just definitely not
seen by anybody kind of stuck in anything. Just kind of a self-help.

John Fred Walsh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Great. And then I guess, just thinking about some of the adjustments and as we go into next year, I
guess, there was a noncash impairment this quarter. The acquisition-related expenses are ramping down.
I mean there's puts and takes. But how do we think about those items as we update our models for next
year? Is there visibility into any big adjustments as you see it today?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

Sure, John. I'll take that one. So I think in terms of -- as we said, whether it be kind of the restructuring
or acquisition-related items, you can see that the large majority of the purchase accounting items have
bled themselves through. So again, you saw that dramatically decrease from Q2 to the. And I think with
regards to some of the restructuring items, you'll see, there's a normal cadence of that as we move into
2021, and we still do have restructuring of oil footprint optimization and things like that ahead of us.

In terms of the trade name item, you're correct, we did have a small trade name impairment, specific to
the power tools and lifting unit within the IT&S segment, very discrete and particularly just a reflection
of some of the revenue declines that we've seen in the power tools and lifting piece, specifically on the
trade name side. So again, I would say that was onetime in nature. As we look forward, we would expect
the nature adjustments to be very comparable to kind of the trajectory you're seeing with regards to
restructuring some of the normal course adjustments. But are there large adjustments of that nature? No,
we wouldn't expect those. Those are very discrete and unique in terms of what you've seen in the first 2
to 3 quarters this year.

Operator

Your next question comes from Nathan Jones from Stifel.

Nathan Hardie Jones
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I've got a bit of a follow-up to questions Joe and Andy asked before, on these new product developments
and adjacent markets that you're moving into. And maybe if you're looking at it over a little bit of a
longer time, markets are going to grow what they're going to grow. Do you guys have a number that
you're targeting in order -- in growing that addressable market over time? Like do you think you can
grow the addressable market 50 basis points a year, 100 basis points a year through these new product
developments and acquisitions to get yourself into new markets, to really expand that addressable market
consistently over time?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

That's a really great question, Nathan. Clearly, we have always been, kind of say, speaking in, not openly,
but how the addressable market [indiscernible] and how we want to -- if you remember the days of the
medical team, how we double that addressable market over the course of like two years. So I think it
depends on the business, but clearly, we want to continue to expand the addressable market. We don't
have a peg at a number. But in the Precision and Science team, it is clearly kind of dramatic in terms of
how we want to increase the addressable market-based on penetrating the new all technologies that the
team is working.

So -- but specifically to a number, I don't have it. We don't have it pegged. We just have a more at, say,
holistically over the strategic period, which is 3 years. We want to double the addressable market in some
of the specific businesses that we're focusing ourselves.

Nathan Hardie Jones
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Fair enough. One other number that caught my eye was the 29% order growth in SVT. Can you talk about
what's driving that number up, how that impacts the outlook for fourth quarter? And what's an average
kind of book to ship on -- in that business?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. So the impact -- I mean, the team is just executing really well on a lot of the initiatives, and
particularly one around the launch of new products on the consumer side. So basically, these are kind of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

golf carts that are customized to your needs. You can go online and, which I mean you should do, and I
think go online and then kind of customize to your specific kind of desire. And basically, that's kind of a
pretty unique solution for personalizing the vehicles for the individuals. And we have seen tremendous
demand of that over the past couple of quarters. I'll say that we're typically -- I mean, based on the
demand that we're seeing, it's typically maybe weeks, but not quarters in terms of kind of the backlog.
And specifically, I don't want to call it a number just because we view it as kind of being very strategic in
terms of how quickly we can deliver those golf carts for the consumer side. But it's driven by a lot of the
initiatives that the teams are doing around direct-to-consumer demand generation, as well as kind of new
launches of products. We launched a new lithium battery that extends the range of these consumer cars.
And also, we spoke today on the call about the connectivity. And the connectivity platform is also providing
some good recurring revenue streams for that team.

Operator

Your last question comes from Ivana Delevska from Gordon Haskett.

Ivana Delevska
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors

So just a follow-up on specialty vehicles. What's driving this margin, significant margin improvement? And
is there a mix -- is mix a big driver? And how do you expect it to kind of develop going forward?

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

Sure, Ivana, yes. Q3 was obviously an exceptionally strong margin performance, really driven by kind of
2 main factors. One being the consumer piece, second being the aftermarket piece. So I think the mix,
frankly, was the single biggest driver. Consumer, as we've spoken about before, is the highest margin
profile component of the entire portfolio and, frankly, aftermarket is right there with it. So when that
consumes -- when that comprises a healthier component of the mix, you can see kind of the margin
profile that goes with it.

And then we've obviously done a lot with regards to I2V, self-help IRX initiatives, which you're seeing
kind of play themselves out. I think as we think about Q4, and as we mentioned, again, consumers are
still expected to be strong, but this becomes a very typical, very strong golf shipment quarter. And golf
just does, frankly, have a slightly lower margin profile, comparatively speaking to consumer and the
aftermarket component. So again, we would see -- expect to see the kind of margin profile normalize a
little bit, but that's really mix driven. But even then, you're going to see meaningful margin expansion
year-over-year. So again, we're quite pleased with kind of how the team is executing both on the self-help
productivity side as well as just, frankly, the top line side of the equation.

Ivana Delevska
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors

Got it. And then one question on IT&S. How do margins compare between your core businesses,
compressors and blowers versus power tools and other? And what do you see as medium- to long-term
targets for each?

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

Sure. So we don't break down necessarily the subcomponents of the portfolio. But let's just say that
I think that the -- as we've historically said, the compressor, blower and vacuum components actually
all have, I'd say, fairly comparable margin profile. While there tends to be a little bit of mix between
original equipment and aftermarket, what you can expect here is the compressors tend to have a
higher aftermarket component, which tends to be a little bit healthier margin. And as such, I'd say, the
compressor, blower, vacuum piece tends to be a little bit healthier. Clearly, components of the portfolio like
power tools tend to be a lower margin profile. We've said that before. But I think we're quite encouraged

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

by the steps the team has taken. Vicente mentioned in the prepared remarks, 270 basis points of
sequential improvement as we move from Q2 to Q3.

I think in terms of medium to longer-term targets, like we've said, we feel very good about where the
profile of the total segment is, kind of reaching that mid- 20s range. I think that's -- frankly, we want to
see kind of those levels. And we have, frankly, a lot of opportunity with regards to synergy execution and
things like that, that are going to kind of start delivering in 2021 onwards. So again, we haven't got a
formal, I'd say, target, nor have we put a cap on it. But I think we're encouraged by what we're seeing.
And yes, we would frankly still expect that the core component of the portfolio of compressors, blowers
and vacuums to have a higher margin profile than the balance.

Operator

We have no further questions. I would like to turn the call over to Vicente Reynal for closing remarks.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, and thank you, everyone, for the interest in Ingersoll Rand. And I am very appreciative of the
tremendous amount of work that our employees are doing here even in this kind of difficult environment
and delivering tremendous results. So thank you, and thanks to our employees. Thank you. Have a good
day.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may
now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

