Intuitive Surgical, Inc. NasdaqGS:ISRG
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, July 20, 2021 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

3.06

3.92

Revenue  (mm)

1264.57

1464.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-20-2021 9:41 AM GMT

28.10

15.77

3.19

13.47

15.86

1307.31

5342.55

6159.06

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.05

3.11

2.63

3.06

2.77

3.58

3.52

3.92

35.12 %

15.11 %

33.84 %

28.10 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Calvin Darling
Senior Director of IR

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Jamie E. Samath
Senior VP of Finance & Principal
Accounting Officer

Marshall L. Mohr
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Amit Hazan
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Frederick Allen Wise
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Securities, Research Division

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Intuitive Q2 2021 Earnings
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. And at this time,
I would like to turn the conference over to our host, Senior Director of Finance, Investor Relations for
Intuitive, Mr. Calvin Darling. Please go ahead, sir.

Calvin Darling
Senior Director of IR

Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Intuitive's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With
me today, we have Gary Guthart, our CEO; Marshall Mohr, our CFO; and Jamie Samath, our Senior Vice
President of Finance. Philip Kim, our Head of Investor Relations, will not be joining on today's call as he's
currently on paternity leave following the birth of his daughter.

Before we begin, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today's call may be deemed to
contain forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied
as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in our
Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including our most recent Form 10-K filed on February 10,
2021; and Form 10-Q filed on April 21, 2021. Our SEC filings can be found through our website or at the
SEC's website. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.

Please note that this conference call will be available for audio replay on our website at intuitive.com on
the latest Events section under our Investor Relations page. Today's press release and supplementary
financial data tables have been posted to our website.

Today's format will consist of providing you with highlights of our second quarter results as described in
our press release announced earlier today followed by a question-and-answer session. Gary will present
the quarter's business and operational highlights. Marshall will provide a review of our financial results.
Jamie will discuss procedure and clinical highlights and provide an update of our financial outlook. And
finally, we will host a question-and-answer session.

With that, I'll turn it over to Gary.

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Thank you for joining us today.

Our second quarter 2021 performance was encouraging, with use of our systems for procedures growing
beyond pre-pandemic levels and healthy capital placements. Looking at the past 8 quarters in context,
our compound annual growth rate for procedures for the period Q2 2019 through Q2 2021 of 16.5% is
approximately the growth we would have expected absent the pandemic. The pandemic has reordered
the quarter in which procedures were performed, and we believe it has delayed some procedures that are
likely to return in the future and may cause a small number of patients to permanently forgo surgery.

To understand our system placement and capital performance over this period, we look to annual system
utilization trends, which have recovered to utilization rates at the high end of our historical averages.
Taken together, this combination of a recovery in procedures and healthy utilization supports our solid
capital placement trends and rounds out a healthy commercial recovery year-to-date.

Examining procedure trends more deeply. In the United States, procedure growth was strong in the
quarter, driven by growth in bariatric surgery, hernia repair and cholecystectomy. Both gynecology and
urology procedure annualized growth strengthened in the quarter, as pandemic pressures eased in the
U.S. Annualized U.S. procedure growth rates are returning to historical levels for procedures with longer
diagnostic pipelines as patients have started returning to screening and diagnostic testing.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

Growth in our second largest market, China, continued to be strong with multiple specialties contributing.
European procedure growth was generally healthy, though varied by country. Recovery in the U.K. was
healthy in the quarter as NHS increased access to surgeries broadly. The pandemic is not behind us and
additional infection growth may again strain hospital resources and impact our results in the future. Jamie
will take you through procedure dynamics in more detail later in the call.

On the capital side, new system placements continue to be healthy, with the United States, China,
Germany, France and Japan, notable in the quarter. We know that new system placements are closely tied
to anticipated procedure volumes and system utilization in mature markets. We continue to see significant
utilization variance by region due to pandemic differences.

In the quarter, strong trade-ins of older generation systems for our fourth generation products and
strength in multi-system deals, continue to support our thesis that customers that know us best continue
to invest with us going forward. We also saw an increase in our IDN customers opening new da Vinci and
Ion programs in hospitals within their network that did not previously have an Intuitive robotics program,
indicating their interest in diversifying access to Intuitive programs across their networks.

Looking to our finances in the quarter. Procedures recovered nicely in Q2, system placements came in
above plan, and system ASP and I&A revenue per procedure tracked slightly above our expectations,
together driving revenue of $1.46 billion in Q2. Our pro forma spending grew over 24% from a year ago,
representing increased investment in our business.

However, our expense growth rate was modestly lower than our plan, driven by pandemic-related factors.
COVID has delayed some work in R&D and clinical trials, leading to some underspend in programs,
prototypes and some delay in hiring. We expect these programs to continue their ramp as our labs and
development programs recover efficiency.

Travel and associated costs in support of our field have also not recovered to pre-pandemic levels. Field
and marketing costs will tick up if the pandemic wanes. In short, our commercial business has recovered
more quickly than our spending due to the different ways that pandemic impacts our customers, our
supply chains and our hiring. Marshall will take you through our financial picture later in the call.

Turning to our innovation and commercialization efforts. We are developing and deploying technology-
enabled ecosystems to support our customers' pursuit of the Quadruple Aim, better outcomes, better
patient experiences, better care team experiences and lower total cost to treat per patient episode. We
are in the execution and launch phase of 4 efforts. First, we are broadening access to our advanced
instruments for our da Vinci Fourth Generation Multiport Systems through pursuit of additional clearances
and launches outside the U.S. Second, we are expanding our da Vinci SP offering by broadening its
regional and clinical indications and by adding it to its suite of instruments and accessories. Third, we
are launching and refining our flexible diagnostic platform, Ion, by working with early customers to help
establish high-performing sites and by improving our technology and supply chain capabilities. Finally, we
are strengthening our digital capabilities across our ecosystem.

Our fully integrated advanced instruments portfolio has been a strong addition to our multiport ecosystem,
allowing for high-quality tissue interaction controlled from the surgeon's console while optimizing
workflow. These system-controlled staplers, vessel sealers and energy instruments support a range of
procedures from bariatrics to colorectal procedures, to thoracic and gynecologic applications. Customer
appreciation and recurring use of our products has been growing nicely.

In Q2, we launched our SureForm stapling line in India. We launched our Force bipolar energy instrument
along with our extended use instruments program in Japan, and we launched our SynchroSeal energy
instrument and E-100 energy generator in Korea.

Turning to our single port system. We placed 4 SP systems in the quarter, bringing the total installed
base to 79. SP procedures grew 133% year-over-year, with much of that growth coming from the United
States. First cases in our SP colorectal IDE trial were completed in the quarter as we seek to bring SP
capability to additional procedures. We are also working on our regulatory filings to bring SP to Europe
under the European Union's new medical device regulation framework.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

Our flexible robotics program, first targeted towards diagnostic bronchoscopy, has had a strong quarter.
We placed an additional 20 Ion systems in the quarter, bringing the installed base to 70. Ion procedures
grew sixfold over Q2 2020 to nearly 1,500 procedures in the quarter, reflecting recovery from the
pandemic, the growth in new sites and growth in utilization at existing sites. Our total Ion clinical
experience is approximately 4,000 cases to date. Clinical trial sites completed enrollment for our PRECIsE
clinical trial. Finally, our team is making good progress in scaling our operations.

Lastly, we continue to digitally enhance our ecosystem. In the quarter, we continued to engage customers
in data analytics and opportunity analysis for surgical programs, cornerstone of our Your Data, Your Truth
analytics efforts. We have continued the launch of our My Intuitive app, including launching to first users
in Europe. My Intuitive allows surgeons and care team members to access their data, to manage their
profile, their learning and otherwise interact with Intuitive through an easy-to-use mobile app in the
palm of their hand. Our digital learning programs continue to be an important part of our overall learning
initiatives. These programs together trained over 2,200 care team members in the quarter, showing
organizational strength and localizing programs and responding with agility to pandemic influenced
demand.

As the phases of the pandemic evolve, we're supporting our team in addressing the opportunities and
challenges posed by the pandemic and the ways we work. Intuitive has managed multiple ways of working
for many years. Roughly 1/3 of our team works in the manufacturer test and distribution of our products,
another 1/3 works closely with customers in the field, and the remaining 1/3 have traditionally worked in
lab and office environments. We're taking a first principles approach to return-to-office environments with
our team, bringing back face-to-face interactions for those tasks best completed in person while enabling
hybrid work environments for tasks that are well accomplished by distributed teams.

Most of our offices globally are reopening with this hybrid approach. We anticipate iterating our approach
as we learn and the year progresses.

As I conclude, for the balance of the year, we're focused on the following: first, agile and flexible support
for our customers globally as they need it, often addressing the return of surgical patients to treatment.
Second, disciplined execution of our launches, including our advanced instruments, SP, Ion and digital
efforts. Third, driving depth and excellence in regional performance, particularly in Europe and Asia. And
finally, expanding our clinical, economic and analytical evidence base for key procedures and countries.

I'll now turn the time over to Marshall to take you through our financial performance in greater detail.

Marshall L. Mohr
Executive VP & CFO

Good afternoon. I will describe the highlights of our performance on a non-GAAP or pro forma basis. I will
also summarize our GAAP performance later in my prepared remarks. A reconciliation between our pro
forma and GAAP results is posted on our website.

COVID had a significant impact on da Vinci procedure volumes in the second quarter of 2020. That impact
was most pronounced in the U.S. and Europe, varied market to market, complicating year-over-year
comparisons. In the U.S., as COVID continued to subside in the second quarter of 2021, we saw a lower
impact on da Vinci procedures. Procedure growth in the U.S. was led by bariatric cholecystectomy and
hernia procedures. We also believe that growth benefited from some procedures that were previously
deferred due to delays in testing and patient concern over COVID. While there is likely some amount of
backlog that has not yet been addressed, it is difficult to estimate the extent of the remaining backlog and
when it will affect future procedure growth.

In Europe, the impact of COVID in the second quarter of 2021 varied regionally with slower recovery in
Italy and France, while we saw early stages of a recovery in the U.K. While there continues to be COVID
hotspots within some of our Asia Pacific markets, overall procedures in the region performed well. China
growth in the second quarter continued to be far higher than our other regions, primarily reflecting the
40% system installation growth over the past year. Jamie will provide additional procedure commentary
later in this call.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

Hospitalizations of patients due to COVID have negatively impacted da Vinci procedures. To the extent
that hospitalizations expand significantly due to COVID and its variants, like currently being experienced in
parts of the world, it could negatively impact da Vinci procedures.

Key business metrics for the second quarter were as follows: second quarter 2021 procedures increased
approximately 68% compared with the second quarter of 2020 and increased approximately 13%
compared with last quarter. Compound annual growth between the second quarters of 2019 and 2021 was
16.5%.

Second quarter system placements of 328 systems increased 84% compared with 178 systems for the
second quarter of 2020 and increased 10% compared with 298 systems last quarter. We expanded our
installed base of da Vinci Systems over the last year by 10% to approximately 6,335 systems. This growth
rate compares with 9% last year and 8% last quarter.

Utilization of clinical systems in the field, measured by procedures per system, increased approximately
55% compared with last year and increased 11% compared with last quarter. The compounded annual
utilization growth rate between the second quarters of 2019 and 2021 was 6%.

Moving on to capital placements. System placements in the quarter reflected procedure growth and
hospitals upgrading to -- in order to access or standardize on fourth-generation capabilities. Capital
placements for the first 6 months of 2021 were in line with procedure and utilization growth.

Looking forward, we see the following capital revenue dynamics. Procedure growth drives capital
purchases in many of our markets. To the extent that COVID impacts procedures, it will also impact capital
purchases. The trade in cycle has been a tailwind to system placements. However, as the installed base of
older generation product declines, the number of trade-ins will decline over time. Leasing and alternative
financing arrangements enable customer access to capital. While the percentage of systems placed under
operating leases fluctuates quarter-to-quarter, we believe leasing will increase as a percentage of sales
over time, which will result in the deferral of otherwise current revenue into future periods.

Macroeconomic conditions created by COVID could regionally impact hospital capital spending. And
as competition progresses in various markets, we will likely experience longer selling cycles and price
pressures.

Additional revenue statistics and trends are as follows: total second quarter revenue was $1.464 billion,
representing a 72% increase from last year and a 13% increase from last quarter. The compound annual
revenue growth rate between the second quarters of 2019 and 2021 was 15%. Second quarter revenue
reflected growth in both procedures and system placements.

Leasing represented 33% of current quarter placements compared with 29% last year and 43% last
quarter. In the quarter, we completed a number of placements with larger IDNs that prefer to purchase
rather than lease product. Leasing as a percentage of total sales lag has and will continue to fluctuate with
customer and geographic mix. However, we anticipate more customers will seek leasing or alternative
financing arrangements than reflected in historical run rates.

38% of systems placed in the second quarter involved trade-ins, which is lower than the 40% last
year, and the 44% last quarter. As customers continue to upgrade to fourth generation capabilities, the
population of installed SIs is decreasing, particularly in the U.S. were 110 trade-ins were completed in
the second quarter, leaving an installed base of SIs of approximately 500 systems. As a result, we expect
lower trade-in transactions over time. Trade-in activity can fluctuate and be difficult to predict.

Second quarter system average selling prices decreased to $1.55 million from $1.65 million for both
the second quarter of 2020 and the first quarter of 2021. The decrease relative to these prior periods
reflects geographic mix and volume discounts provided to customers purchasing multiple systems. We
recognized $26 million of lease buyout revenue in the second quarter compared with $9 million last year
and $19 million last quarter. Lease buyout revenue has varied significantly quarter-to-quarter and will
likely continue to do so.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

Instrument and accessory revenue per procedure of $1,940 increased compared with $1,900 per
procedure for the second quarter of last year, and decreased compared with $1,950 per procedure in the
first quarter. Extended use instruments were introduced into the U.S. and Europe in the fourth quarter,
in most other markets in the first 6 months of this year, except China due to regulatory timelines. In the
U.S. and Europe, extended use instruments were nearly fully adopted in the second quarter. The year-
over-year increase in I&A revenue per procedure reflects increased usage of our advanced instruments,
partially offset by the impact of extended use instruments. We believe that globally, customers have had
not completely adjusted their instrument buying patterns to reflect the additional uses per instrument.
Customer adjustment of buying patterns will reduce I&A revenue per procedure.

4 of the systems placed in the first quarter were SP Systems, reflecting continued measured rollout of
SP. Our installed base of SP Systems is now 79: 8 in Korea and 71 in the U.S. We completed first cases
associated with a U.S. colorectal clinical trial in the second quarter. We placed 20 Ion systems in the
quarter, bringing the installed base to 70 systems. There were nearly 1,500 Ion procedures completed in
the second quarter.

Ion system placements and procedures are excluded from our overall system and procedure counts.
The supply issues we called out in the first quarter did not impact Ion placements and procedures in this
quarter. Our rollout of Ion will continue to be measured while we optimize training pathways in our supply
chain.

Outside the U.S., we placed 115 systems in the second quarter compared with 72 in the second quarter
of 2020 and 108 systems last quarter. Current quarter system placements included 63 into Europe, 16
into Japan and 19 into China compared with 18 into Europe, 18 into Japan and 21 into China in the second
quarter of 2020.

Moving on to gross margin and operating expenses. Pro forma gross margin for the second quarter of
2021 was 71.7% compared with 62.4% for the second quarter of 2020 and 71.8% last quarter. The
second quarter of 2020 included $59 million of service credits issued in conjunction with our Customer
Relief Program, higher period costs associated with lower production and higher excess and obsolete
inventory charges. The first and second quarters of 2021 reflect leveraging fixed costs over higher
production levels.

Product and customer mix fluctuate quarter-to-quarter, which can cause fluctuations in gross margins.
COVID has impacted global supplies of semiconductors and other materials used in our products, while we
carry safety stocks of critical components and are otherwise working to secure supply necessary to ensure
fulfillment of customer demand, global shortages could result in higher production costs and production
development and regulatory delays.

Pro forma operating expenses increased 24% compared with the second quarter of 2020 and increased
5% compared with last quarter. The increase compared to prior year reflects costs associated with higher
headcount, increased variable compensation and increased spending in areas impacted by COVID. Second
quarter spending was below our expectations due to activities restricted by COVID, including clinical
development, marketing events and travel costs. In addition, COVID delayed some R&D work, resulting in
underspend on prototypes.

We expect spending on activities restricted by COVID to increase as the impacts of the pandemic
decline. We also expect spending to increase as a percentage of revenue as investments in headcount,
infrastructure and other support areas catch up to the growth in the business. Finally, we expect to
continue to invest in expanding and accelerating our ecosystem of products and capabilities. Jamie will
provide spend guidance later in this call.

Our pro forma effective tax rate for the second quarter was approximately 25%. In the second quarter, we
modified the useful life of a deferred tax asset, which resulted in a current charge to pro forma income.
However, that charge generated -- that change generated a long-term benefit of $66 million that is
recognized currently in GAAP income and will be recognized ratably over approximately 10 years in pro
forma income. The charge associated with the deferred tax asset and a higher mix of U.S. income drove
the 25% current quarter pro forma rate. We expect our pro forma rate for the last 6 months of 2021 to be

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

between 21% and 22% versus our previous guidance of 20% to 21%, reflecting a greater proportion of
U.S. income for the year.

Our actual tax rate will fluctuate with changes in the geographic mix of income, changes in taxation made
by local authorities and with the impact of onetime items. Our second quarter pro forma net income was
$477 million or $3.92 per share compared with $132 million or $1.11 per share for the second quarter of
2020 and $427 million or $3.52 per share for the last quarter.

I will now summarize our GAAP results. GAAP net income was $517 million or $4.25 per share for the
second quarter of 2021 compared with GAAP net income of $68 million or $0.57 per share for the
second quarter of 2020 and GAAP net income of $426 million or $3.51 per share for the last quarter. The
adjustments between pro forma and GAAP net income are outlined and quantified on our website.

We ended the quarter with cash and investments of $7.7 billion compared with $7.2 billion last quarter.
The increase in cash in the second quarter primarily reflected cash from operations and stock exercises.
We did not repurchase any shares in the quarter.

And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Jamie.

Jamie E. Samath
Senior VP of Finance & Principal Accounting Officer

Good afternoon.

Our overall second quarter procedure growth was 68% compared to a decline of 19% during the
second quarter of 2020, which reflected a significant adverse impact from the COVID-19 pandemic. The
compound annual growth rate between the second quarter of 2019 and the second quarter of 2021 was
16.5%.

In Q2, U.S. procedures grew 77% year-over-year, which equates to 16% on a 2-year compound annual
growth rate basis. OUS markets grew 51% year-over-year or 19% on a 2-year compound annual growth
rate basis. In the U.S., Q2 procedure results were positively impacted by a continuing recovery from
COVID-19, including, we believe, a number of procedures that had been previously deferred. Q2 growth
was driven by particular strength in benign procedures, including bariatrics, hernia repair, cholecystectomy
and benign hysterectomy, reflecting in part, we believe, a partial catch-up in these procedures related to
the previous deferral of elective surgeries.

General surgery growth in the U.S. was strong, and in addition to the positive impact from patient
backlogs, reflected increasing access for surgeons to our fourth generation technology. In the U.S.,
procedures that are dependent on diagnostic pipelines also grew, albeit at lower rates as compared to
benign procedures. Colorectal growth was strong, with solid growth in malignant hysterectomy, thoracic
and prostatectomy procedures. Based on market data, we believe that diagnostic pipelines in the U.S.
began to recover from the impact of the pandemic in March, with a lag in the recovery of associated
procedures.

Second quarter OUS procedure volume grew approximately 51% compared with a 7% decline for the
second quarter of 2020 and 23% growth last quarter. Second quarter 2021 OUS procedure growth was
driven by growth in prostatectomy procedures and earlier-stage growth in kidney cancer procedures,
general surgery, gynecology and thoracic.

China procedure growth remains strong and broad-based as a result of continued expansion of the
installed base under the current quota. Growth in Japan was solid, but was impacted by a relatively
slow rollout of vaccines and the impact of localized lockdowns as a result of ongoing efforts to prevent
resurgences of COVID-19. In Europe, procedure growth varied by country based on the relative impact of
and recovery from the pandemic. Growth in the U.K. was strong, with a slower recovery in France, Italy
and Germany.

Now turning to the clinical side of our business. Each quarter on these calls, we highlight certain recently
published studies that we deem to be notable. However, to gain a more complete understanding of the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

body of evidence, we encourage all stakeholders to thoroughly review the extensive detail of scientific
studies that have been published over the years.

During the quarter, a group from the Shenzhen Hospital Naval Medical University in China, published a
meta-analysis in BMC cancer comparing robotic-assisted thoracic surgery versus video-assisted thoracic
surgery, or VATs, for lung lobectomy or segmentectomy in patients with non-small cell lung cancer. The
meta-analysis combined 18 studies across different countries containing over 11,000 patients, of which
just over 5,000 received da Vinci robotic-assisted thoracic surgery and just over 6,000 received VATs.

The results of the meta-analysis found that robotic-assisted thoracic surgery compared to VATs was
associated with, among others, the following significant findings: 50.4 milliliters lower blood loss, a 50%
lower chance of conversion to an open procedure, a 1.1 day shorter stay in the hospital and a 10% less
chance of patient experience to postoperative complication. The authors concluded, "The results revealed
that robotic-assisted thoracic surgery is a feasible and safe technique compared with VATs in terms of
short-term and long-term outcomes".

In May of this year, Dr. Karl LeBlanc from our Lady of the Lake Medical Center in Baton Rouge, Louisiana,
published results from a multi-center study comparing short-term outcomes for incisional hernia,
published in the Hernia Journal entitled Robotic-Assisted Laparoscopic and Open Incisional Hernia Repair:
Early Outcomes from the Prospective Hernia study. The study contains 371 patients that underwent an
incisional hernia repair procedure across 17 institutions within the United States between May 2016 and
September 2019. Of those patients, 43% were in the da Vinci robotic cohort, 35% in the laparoscopic
cohort and 22% in the open cohort.

In reporting the results, adjusted using a propensity weighted approach, the authors noted that during
the 2- to 4-week standard of care visit period, fewer patients report the need to take prescription pain
medication for the robotic cohort as compared to the laparoscopic and open cohorts: 65.2% for the
robotic cohort as compared to 78.8% for the laparoscopic cohort compared to 79.8% for the open
cohort. Conversion rates to open surgery were lower in the robotic group compared to the laparoscopic
group, 0.6% as compared to 4.9% and reoperation rates in the 30 days post procedure were comparable
between robotic and laparoscopic and lower for robotic as compared to open, 0.6% as compared to 3.1%.

The authors concluded in part, "When compared to open, the robotic-assisted surgery group is associated
with a comparable operative time, shorter length of stay and lower reoperation rate through 30 days.
The difference in the number of subjects reporting the need for prescription pain medication favored the
robotic-assisted group in both comparisons."

I will now turn to our financial outlook for 2021. We continue to operate in a challenging supply chain
environment and have experienced longer lead times and delayed deliveries from our suppliers. While this
did not have a material impact to our operating results in Q2, the outlook we are providing does not reflect
any potential significant disruption or additional costs related to supply constraints.

We also note the increasing number of COVID-19 cases in certain geographies associated with the Delta
variant. The outlook we are providing on today's call does not reflect risks associated with a significant
increase in COVID-related hospitalizations in relation to the Delta variant or other potential new variants.

Starting with procedures. Last quarter, we forecast 2021 procedure growth of 22% to 26%. Given the
stronger recovery of procedures we have experienced so far, particularly in the U.S. and strength in U.S.
general surgery, we are now increasing our forecast and expect full year 2021 procedure growth of 27%
to 30%. The high end of the range assumes strength in U.S. general surgery, a return to normalized
diagnostic pipelines, the vaccines are effective against any new COVID-19 variants and the vaccine
rollouts in OUS markets continue as currently expected by governments around the world.

Turning to gross profit. On our last call, we forecast our 2021 full year pro forma gross profit margin to
be within 70% and 71% of revenue. We are now slightly increasing our forecast and expect full year
gross profit margin to be between 70.5% and 71.5% of revenue. Our actual gross profit margin will vary
quarter-to-quarter depending largely on product, regional and trade-in mix, the impact of product cost
reductions and manufacturing efficiencies and pricing pressure.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

With respect to operating expenses, on our last call, we forecast to grow full year pro forma 2021
operating expenses between 18% and 22% above 2020 levels. We are refining our estimate and expect
our full year pro forma operating expense growth to be between 17% and 21%. Consistent with the last
quarter's forecast, we expect our noncash stock compensation expense to range between $450 million and
$470 million in 2021.

We expect pro forma other income, which is comprised mostly of interest income, to total between $50
million and $55 million in 2021. With regard to income tax, we expect the range of our second half 2021
pro forma tax rate to be between 21% and 22% of pretax income, slightly higher than the range we
provided on the last call, reflecting a higher mix of U.S. income.
That concludes our prepared comments. We will now open the call to your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And for our first question, we will go to Tycho Peterson.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Congrats on the quarter. I guess, first question on guidance. Obviously, you made some comments about
variance and not factoring in kind of an increase. And I know case rises have been largely decoupled from
hospitalizations. But can you maybe just talk through the thought process there? And how you're thinking
about any potential risks in the back half of the year from the variant cases?

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Just -- thanks, Tycho. From the top, I think you said the right thing, which is there's a little bit of a
decoupling thus far of infection from hospitalization. The number we're watching closely is hospitalization.
Jamie, I'll let you take it from there.

Jamie E. Samath
Senior VP of Finance & Principal Accounting Officer

Yes, Tycho. We kind of outlined what was assumed in the high end of the procedure guidance. From the
low end perspective, the 27% reflected there is greater summer seasonality that reflects the possibility
of an impact due to pent-up demand for vacation, especially for health care workers that have worked
extensively during this period with COVID. It also reflects lower diagnostic pipelines and perhaps some
reluctance for patients to visit hospitals.

In there is OUS markets continue to be choppy given that, in many cases, those markets are behind the
U.S., for example, in their vaccination rollouts, and that leaves the possibility of continued resurgences
and localized lockdowns. That low end also reflects some impact of a resurgence in the U.S. But as you
heard in our prepared comments, a significant increase in hospitalization is not reflected in the guidance
range.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. Shifting to the extended use program. You've been out for around 6 months,
smaller rollout in Europe in the fourth quarter. Can you talk about kind of next steps to the program here,
particular geographies you're targeting? And then has the elasticity relative to the extended use program
and the pricing adjustments played out relative to your expectations? Or any color you can provide on
that?

Marshall L. Mohr
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, sure. We rolled out the extended use instruments in Europe and the U.S. back in the fourth quarter.
And then now we have rolled it out to most other markets in the first 6 months of this year, except
for China where there are longer regulatory time lines. It's a short period, but we believe that there is
elasticity, and we've seen elasticity in markets where reimbursements are very low. And we've received
feedback -- positive feedback from surgeons who have indicated that system access has been a key driver
for increased procedures. And we think that the extended use instruments lowers barriers for purchases of
systems.

Having said all of that, it's been a short period since they've had extended use instruments. Even though
we've seen growth in the procedures that were specifically targeted by extended use instruments, it's hard

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

to discern what is COVID-related versus what is not. And so we'll see over time, we'll be able to measure a
little bit better over time, and we'll monitor it.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And last one on SP. I know last quarter, you kind of brought up the concept of going after thoracic
and some additional other areas. Can you maybe just talk a little bit about the road map? And I think
you've alluded to adding additional instruments and accessories, so can you talk on the hardware side as
well?

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Sure. So right now, we talked in the script about adding our work or IDE around colorectal, we're excited
about that. That will play out over the next several quarters as we accrue patients. And then given that it's
cancer procedure, in some cases, it's a little bit longer follow-up. So that's a multi-quarter conversation.
We're doing what we call the procedure development and the trial development around other indications,
we think there'll be an opportunity in thoracic as well as other ones beyond it.

The instrumentation updates, there are other things, imaging updates and software updates that are really
all focused around right instruments, right features for the right extension or right expansion. So our
customers are asking us for advanced instrumentation. So energy and stapling and other things, we think
that is possible. So we're making those investments to move that forward. We think we can bring some
outstanding imaging capabilities, including florescence imaging into that space. And we're building into the
broader digital ecosystem for SP.

Our focus right now is not rapid expansion of the installed base. Our focus is in clinical capability and
productivity of the installed base we have. In other words, happy, very satisfied customers. And sequential
growth in what they can do with the system remains our focus on SP for now.

Operator

Next, we'll go to Bob Hopkins with Bank of America.

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Securities, Research Division

So first question for me is just trying to dissect your procedure results a little bit more because some
really interesting comments, that you saw strength in benign cases, some catch-up cases. And then on a
2-year compounded basis, you're kind of where you thought you might be pre pandemic. I'm just curious
from what you see out there, is this broadly reflective of what you think is going on in the marketplace for
surgical procedures? Or is this simply and primarily just something about the pandemic accelerating the
use of da Vinci and robotics surgery broadly?

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

I'll speak to my impression, but I caveat it, it's one person's impression. So it's not a scientific study,
just my view. I think what we're seeing is that the longer diagnostic pipelines have had this kind of
double effect from the pandemic. Partly, it's delays in getting in and getting tested and starting the
journey and then getting in and having a procedure or treatment, whatever that might be. So from a
core demand point of view or disease state, that's clearly out there and accumulating, and it has to
get processed through. On the benign side, often the diagnostic pipelines are shorter. You go from an
issue to identification to closure more quickly. And I suspect that's most of what we're seeing, at least in
the United States in terms of that. But I don't have scientific evidence. I think that's anecdotal. Jamie,
anything?

Jamie E. Samath
Senior VP of Finance & Principal Accounting Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

I would just add, Bob, as you saw the COVID hospitalization rates in the U.S. come down in March and
into Q2, that freezed hospital resources to increase the level of surgery that we do. And we also see, I
think, increased patient confidence is a function of the improving vaccination rates. And those 2 things
come together, they also allow hospitals to start to address the backlog that's accumulated. And I think
for a subset of the benign procedures that have been kind of deferred elective procedures, hospitals can
recover those pretty quickly.

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Securities, Research Division

Okay. And then just one quick follow-up. Just to be clear on your answer to Tycho's question. Just on
the recent spread of COVID and variants and the potential impact on demand and hospitals' ability to do
procedures, are you starting to see that impact now? Or is it too early and you're just saying that might
happen in the future?

Jamie E. Samath
Senior VP of Finance & Principal Accounting Officer

Yes. We've seen that in some OUS markets. We're clearly seeing that in markets like India, Taiwan, there's
been an impact in terms of how they've handled that from a health care system perspective and the
resulting impact on our procedures. From a U.S. perspective, I think it's early, and I think we're simply
acknowledging the risk. I think the thing that we'd call out is it's not the case rates per se to monitor. It's
the impact on hospitalizations.

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Lockdowns decrease patient mobility and willingness to go get their tests and then hospitalization
diminishes ICU capacity. So those are the drivers we watch.

Operator

Next we will go to Amit Hazan with Goldman Sachs.

Amit Hazan
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Maybe start with Marshall on the first one and then go to Gary for the second one. Marshall, the operating
margin coming in at the 43%, I'm just wondering how much we can extrapolate here? We heard your
comments, but just kind of thinking a little bit longer-term than just the next couple of quarters. You've
got COVID. I'm just curious what the net effect there is from the savings and expense perspective and
R&D, whether this is maybe the beginning of you starting to see some leverage off of the 10% you've
been at for the last couple of years.

And in an SG&A, kind of same kind of question. You've been spending a lot there. Are we starting to see
leverage potentially that could enable a little bit better margins as we think about next year, year after?

Marshall L. Mohr
Executive VP & CFO

I think there's elements of our spend that have been restrained because of -- restricted because of COVID
and its impact. And I kind of articulated what those were, travel and so forth. And we expect those to
come back as COVID goes away and the restrictions on travel and the restrictions on other activities go
away. We also -- the business came back faster than we had anticipated. And so we have some catch-up
to do in terms of infrastructure and support necessary to support the overall business. And so we'll spend
there.

And so I think you're going to see this quarter was extraordinary in terms of the operating profit margin
and that we'll -- it will be lower in future quarters, given what I just described. In addition to that, we still
think this is a great opportunity to continue to invest in the ecosystem of products and capabilities at this

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

point in time before competition really gets any kind of toehold. And so we're going to continue to invest.
So I wouldn't start building lots of leverage into your models. I think that would be a mistake.

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Well, I'll add one bit of color to that. I think that when you think about our product cycles, I would just
have you look back earlier in the da Vinci experience in that these are long development cycles. At the
time you receive a -- by the time you're at -- that market penetration rates that are significant. And that is
both painful and an opportunity.

The painful part is the investment troughs are deep in the early and middle years of those product cycles.
And we're early in the Ion product cycle, and we're early in the SP or early mid in SP. So it takes a while.
But once you develop a really capable ecosystem, then it has a lot of platform use and that investment
can be recovered over time. So it's hard to time it out, and it doesn't time out over 1 or 2 quarters, it
times out over years.

Amit Hazan
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Gary, just with you, just thinking through the My Intuitive and what you're doing at the surgeon level.
And I'm actually curious more what's going on with service and software at the hospital-wide kind of
department of surgery level. I don't know how much of an update you can give us, but just something on
what's happening at that level in terms of software tools and services?

You're developing, trying to increase efficiency, decrease costs, that kind of thing. How close we are to
maybe seeing something that you can monetize? Just anything you could talk to there would be helpful.

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

We think about digital as enabling and accelerating a lot of different parts of the ecosystem. So when we
talk about My Intuitive, that really is putting the power of interaction and data at the surgeon level in their
hands or at the robotics coordinator level in their hands. So we're excited about that because it gives them
fast and easy access. It links into some of the other things you're talking about. We are building tools and
capabilities that allow hospital departments and departments of surgery to manage their program and look
across programmatics for efficiency, for learning, for outcomes, and these things interlink.

So short answer there is just kind of a reminder of what we're trying to do. We think there is an
opportunity to accelerate learning and to drive increased insight for a surgeon into their own progress.
We're doing that as a combination of My Intuitive plus some of the simulation work that we do, plus some
of the machine learning and video analysis work that we do. We think there's an opportunity to look
at correlations between surgeon performance and outcomes. And that has implications for the kind of
imaging we do, it has implications for task analysis and training, and we're doing those things, and those
can be aggregated across a surgical platform. And there's a lot of opportunities for OR efficiencies and
standardization, controlling operating costs, controlling consumables costs. Those things are ongoing now.

So several of those things are in the markets, the very first kind of Gen 1, some of them are on Gen 2.
Some of them are included in our service contracts, some of them are on a per use basis. Some of them
are fully included because we feel like they make us more efficient and to make them more efficient. So
we don't really call them out as individual revenue lines. I think they are ecosystem enablers and can
result in very high customer satisfaction when done well.

Operator

Next, we go over to Larry Beigelsen with Wells Fargo.

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

On a nice quarter. One on procedures, one on competition. So I apologize for the short-term oriented
question, but you're the first large-cap company to report here. So be curious to hear from you on any
procedure trends through the quarter in the U.S. and international. And regarding the backlog, how do
you know there was catch-up and why won't that continue for the next few quarters? And I have one
follow-up.

Jamie E. Samath
Senior VP of Finance & Principal Accounting Officer

Yes. Just in terms of intra-quarter procedure trends, if you're asking, Larry, month by month, there was
nothing notable actually that we would call out. There was the usual impact of seasonality from vacations
like Easter, but nothing notable within the quarter. In terms of procedure categories, bariatrics continued
the strength that we've seen for some time. China continued the strength that we've seen over the last
couple of quarters. And U.S. general surgery, in particular, performed well. So I think those are the key
kind of procedure highlights. What was the second part of your question again, Larry?

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Yes. I mean, how do you know there was catch-up from the backlog in Q2? And I guess, why won't that
continue? It doesn't seem like the backlog would be exhausted just after 1 quarter?

Jamie E. Samath
Senior VP of Finance & Principal Accounting Officer

Yes. So here's kind of where we stand with the backlog. We don't actually know how much backlog was
resolved in the quarter, how much backlog is left or the timing of the recovery of that might be. We have
a broad range of estimates. Frankly, the lack of precision in that estimate is such that it's probably not
useful for us to share. And so we have some indications that we saw backlog reflected in the Q2 results.
But at this point, it's just too difficult to estimate. And therefore, kind of give you any additional color on.

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I hear your question is asking us, how much is left? How much of the catch-up is left? There appears
to be some. It's hard to have a precise measure on it. I think we're going to have to let it play for another
few quarters to see. Add to that, the uncertainty of wave 4, possibility of wave 4 makes it tough to put a
number on, Larry.

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

That's helpful, Gary. And just on competition, it does seem like the noise is increasing. We could see one
large competitor approved in the second half of this year. How are you thinking about competition? Are
you seeing any impact thus far?

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Yes. A couple of things. I think all of us know, and we, as consumers know that customers like choice,
perfectly fair. We've seen a few teams come out and field systems that are alternatives to ours. Transitory
was out a few years ago and CMR has been out and now Medtronic.

A couple of things I'd say. One is we are focused on making sure that our ecosystem, our products, our
systems, everything goes around it really delivers against the Quadruple Aim all the way through. It's not
just the robot. Building a great robot is a hard first step. You have to do it. And -- but right now, I think
that remains to be seen how strong those other systems are.

Even then, it's not enough. Instruments and accessories, training programs, support staff, analytics
capability, publication, scientific publications demonstrating what you've done, the analytics and evidence-

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

based build are all, I think, important. So I'd encourage those folks on the call, it's likely to be a
comparison of ecosystems in delivering the Quad Aim over time. That said, other teams are out. They're
calling on customers. They're giving their PowerPoints about what they think is going to happen next and
some other things. And our posture to that has been -- it may delay some sales as we may have some
competitive conversations and tenders, and we'll lose some.

What we've seen, though, is that what happens in the PowerPoints and what happens a year later is
different. And that if it hasn't delivered against the Quad Aim, if these systems can do some cases well,
but not all cases well or they have stability issues or other things, that wears in pretty quickly. We also
find that our economic offerings with da Vinci X and EUP, we have choices that we ourselves can offer our
customers.

So I think all of you on the call, you should expect increased alternatives for the customer base. I think
the noise levels will go up. I think our customers will take their time to evaluate new things as they go.
We're okay. We're not frightened of that. We think we stand up pretty well to those comparisons, and
we're ready to help them pursue their aims as the year proceeds.

Operator

Next, we're going to the line of Rick Wise with Stifel.

Frederick Allen Wise
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Gary, maybe just at the beginning of your comments, I was struck that you emphasized that da Vinci
utilization rates are, if I understood you correctly, at the high end of historical averages. Gosh, that's
awfully encouraging sounding. I just wondered, are you suggesting or should we be thinking that we could
be in the front of a new wave of capital acquisition, with again, capital released because of the need to add
additional systems to accommodate the expanding number of procedures?

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

The reason I mentioned it early is I think when we've had pretty strong capital quarters the last few,
one of the things we want to look for is, are we building unused capacity into the field that -- where
procedures softer that would stall us out. And so we watch that number because we know it's highly
sensitive. And we're pleased. Again, if you look across that 2-year period, try to look through the
pandemic kind of ups and downs, what we're seeing is that procedure demand is there. And the capital to
support that demand has not run ahead of the procedure demand.

In fact, our commentary is a little bit the opposite that these are being highly utilized. That's great.
That says that we're not putting out more capital than folks need, even though it's been healthy capital
quarters, it means our customers are getting good benefit out of what they're using those systems for.

Jamie in his commentary said that a lot of those procedures are benign procedures, many of them are
shorter duration than longer or more complex disease states. That means that utilization will go up kind
of naturally, that, that mix moves toward a higher utilization mix. All of that, to me, indicates that the
business feels in balance. I'll caution that what the next couple of quarters or next 4 quarters looks like in
terms of hospital access to capital and their decision-making, capital is always lumpy. It has been. Just so
really speaking backward-looking, so far, so good.

Frederick Allen Wise
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Got you. Gary, a separate topic. I've had the privilege of seeing Intuitive develop the use of robotics
in multiple clinical indications over the years. And recently, we've had a series of very encouraging
conversations on the adoption of bariatrics, very encouraging. And basically, still underpenetrated, big
opportunity. Doctors talking to us about further expansion of utilization. And I'd just be curious to -- since
you all are calling it out repeatedly as an important incremental growth driver, where are we now, in your

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

view, in that, I'm sure, multiyear long-term adoption process? What's left to do from maybe a product or
procedure or instrument point of view? Where are we going with this one?

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Let me start with why I think it's adopting, and I'm going to turn to Jamie as to where -- what inning of
the baseball game are we in, I'll let Jamie take that. On the why side, it's -- bariatrics has been a little
different than other procedure for us. It's a highly penetrated laparoscopic indication in the United States.
Having said that, it's a difficult procedure for surgeons to perform. It's physically demanding. And as we've
said in the past, if we can bring the right system with the right instruments, the right imaging, and the
right usability, the right ease of use, we think that surgeons will care. And we've seen both good clinical
outcomes, but also high surgeon satisfaction and better ergonomics.

I think that's what's been driving our success in the early market. It's taking getting the advanced
instruments, put them together as a set, getting our workflows and our clinical pathways right, and I think
that's been powerful to date. And Jamie, as to kind of where we are.

Jamie E. Samath
Senior VP of Finance & Principal Accounting Officer

Yes. Just a couple of comments. So bariatric obviously has been highly laparoscopically-penetrated
historically. From a market perspective, about 60%-ish or so are sleeves, about 15% are revisions. In
terms of our underlying numbers, we're growing at a little faster rate in the revision section, sleeves and
bypass grow about the same rate. I think the product ecosystem with XI with a 60-millimeter stapler is
in good shape, and we're getting good feedback from surgeons in that regard. It is in fact a physically
taxing procedure, as Gary described. And so we see that as a benefit also with respect to feedback from
surgeons. In terms of penetration or adoption, we're in the early to mid innings kind of range is what I'd
say in the U.S. market.

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Okay. Well, thank you, and our moderator, that was our last question. In closing, we continue to believe
there is a substantial and durable opportunity to fundamentally improve surgery and acute interventions.
Our teams continue to work closely with hospitals, physicians and care teams in pursuit of what our
customers have termed the Quadruple Aim: Better, more predictable patient outcomes, better experiences
for patients, better experiences for their care teams, and ultimately, a lower total cost to treat.

We believe value creation in surgery and acute care is foundationally human. It flows from respect for and
understanding of patients and care teams, their needs and their environment. Thank you for your support
on this extraordinary journey. We look forward to talking with you again in 3 months.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and
for using AT&T event conferencing. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

