Intuitive Surgical, Inc. NasdaqGS:ISRG
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, October 15, 2020 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.05

2.77

Revenue  (mm)

966.81

1077.70

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-12-2020 3:04 PM GMT

35.12

11.47

2.93

8.83

13.33

1217.45

4184.72

5018.05

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

3.38

2.54

0.49

2.05

3.48

2.69

1.11

2.77

2.96 %

5.91 %

126.53 %

35.12 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Marshall L. Mohr
Executive VP & CFO

Philip Kim;Head of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Amit Hazan
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Lawrence Soren Keusch
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Intuitive Third Quarter 2020
Earnings Release. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded.
[Operator Instructions]

At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to our first speaker, Head of Investor Relations Philip Kim.
Please go ahead.

Philip Kim;Head of Investor Relations

Good afternoon, and welcome to Intuitive's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With me today, we
have Gary Guthart, our CEO; and Marshall Mohr, our Chief Financial Officer.

Before we begin, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today's call may be deemed to
contain forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied
as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in our
Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including our most recent 10-K filed on February 7, 2020,
and Form 10-Q filed on July 23, 2020. Our SEC filings can be found through our website or at the SEC's
website.

Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Please note that
this conference call will be available for audio replay on our website at intuitive.com on the Latest Events
section under our Investor Relations page. Today's press release and supplementary financial data tables
have been posted to our website.

Today's format will consist of providing you with highlights of our third quarter results as described in our
press release announced earlier today, followed by a question-and-answer session. Gary will present the
quarter's business and operational highlights. Marshall will provide a review of our financial results. Then I
will discuss procedure and clinical highlights. And finally, we will host a question-and-answer session.

With that, I will turn it over to Gary.

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Thank you for joining us today. Our third quarter was a productive one with a return to growth in da Vinci
procedures amid continuing adaptation to customer needs. In the field, performance varied strongly by
region, given differences in pandemic impact. Operational performance inside the company has been
strong with remarkable focus and diligence by our teams.

Turning first to global procedures. Q3 2020 procedures grew 7% compared with Q3 2019. Procedure
growth varied widely by country with growth returning to most of the countries we serve with a direct
commercial team. U.S. growth was in the mid-single digits and procedure growth in China stood out as
particularly strong. Analyzing current global quarterly procedure performance compared with Q3 2019 by
clinical category, general surgery is rebounding most quickly, posting double-digit growth with mid-single-
digit growth in gynecology and modest growth in urology.

Overall, we have seen utilization increasing for our customers as their resources become available
indicating that surgeons and hospitals are maintaining their commitment to minimally invasive surgery.

Da Vinci enables access to high-quality, minimally invasive care, increasing the number of patients who
can return home sooner and decreasing the demand on ICU resources, clearly important in the era of
COVID-19. Currently, 2 factors are at play at hospitals as hospitals treat both COVID and non-COVID
patients. First, there are some deferred cases that were scheduled in the spring and summer that have
now come back to the hospital for treatment. Second, diagnostic procedures, such as colonoscopies and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

PSA tests have been delayed and may not be back to pre-COVID levels now. The delay in diagnostic visits
will delay disease detection and like prostate screening changes in 2012 create a reservoir of patients
with more advanced disease. This push-pull of those patients who delayed a scheduled surgery coming
back into hospitals now and the delay of disease identification due to diagnostic visit postponement makes
hospital patient volumes hard to model for the coming quarters.

That said, full diagnostic recovery is in everyone's interest and we expect surgery to return to pre-
pandemic levels over the mid-term.

Philip will take you through procedure trends later in the call. Given the slowdown in procedures due to the
pandemic, we expected weaker capital demand in the third quarter. For the quarter, we installed 195 new
systems. This compares to 275 installs in Q3 2019 and 178 installs in Q2 2020. Year-over-year installed
base growth was 8% at the end of Q3 after accounting for trade-ins. We know the correlation between
system utilization in the form of procedure demand and the need for new capital capacity at hospitals is
strong. Many hospitals will seek to absorb existing capacity before installing new capital.

In regions in which da Vinci systems are more common, hospitals may delay adding new systems until
utilization recovers. Average globally, we continue to expect a challenging near- to mid-term environment
for future capital placements as COVID-19 wears on and hospital finances remain strained. Because
COVID is impacting locales differently, we see significant variability in procedure growth and new system
placement pipelines by region. Marshall will take you through capital placement trends and risks later in
the call.

At Intuitive, we're focused on those activities and priorities within our control. Our team in the field, in
our labs, in our factories and working in homes and offices is performing well. We adapted our priorities
for 2020 to meet the challenge of the pandemic and the needs of those we serve. First, we are focused
on the health and well-being of patients, customers, our employees and our communities. Second, we're
focused on inventory and supply chain management. So far, product availability has been very strong,
thanks to the relentless work of our supply chain teams and our partners. Third, we implemented our
customer financial relief program and our extended use instruments program. The timeliness and the
design of these programs has been well received by our customers. Fourth, we continue to invest in our
high-priority development programs, recognizing that high-quality MIS is more important in the coming
years, not less so. Fifth, we're accelerating activities that help us adapt to the current environment and for
which demand is likely to be durable post-COVID. Finally, we have constrained spend where we believe it
is inefficient in the current environment. With these priorities as our guide, our operational and financial
performance serve both our customers and our company well in the quarter.

Intuitive commercial and learning teams adjusted their work methods to meet customers where they
are, figuratively and literally. Over the years, our teams have built a strong network of capable field
trainers, sales reps, surgeon proctors and cloud-enabled da Vinci systems. Our professional education
and commercial teams engage this network, implementing on-site digital and regional programs such
that customer engagement and training programs are approaching pre-pandemic levels, a remarkable
achievement. Across the company, our teams have prioritized their efforts and practiced fiscal discipline.
Based on quality and automation improvements and continued attention, our manufacturing teams are
managing our product costs well, leading to strong gross margin performance, while we implemented our
customer relief program and our extended use program for Generation 4 instruments.

While the pandemic has created near- and mid-term uncertainty in the form of competing health care
priorities and economic stresses, I have high confidence in the need for a high-quality, minimally invasive
surgery and therapies in the long term. To deal with the current and future stresses on the health care
system, payers, hospitals and surgeons are looking for solutions that improve outcomes, decrease
in-hospital resource consumption and lower total cost to treat. In other words, the core pillars of the
quadruple aim we had set as our goal many years ago.

We have a team that has demonstrated fiscal discipline, particularly in light of the pandemic. Over time,
we plan to increase investment in our innovation engines to improve the quadruple aim at our customers
and to expand our market opportunity. And we will continue to invest in our virtuous cycle of quality and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

efficiency gains in production that fuel quality improvement, manufacturing cost reductions and pricing
flexibility for our customers that can lead to increased volume.

Looking at product operations in the quarter. Our advanced instruments in endoscopy programs are
producing strong clinical and financial results. Customer adoption of our stapler product line, our vessel
sealers and our E-100 Generator has been encouraging. Utilization of these products in their targeted
clinical procedures and their reorder rates have been strong. Despite disruptions caused by COVID in
2020, uptake of newly launched products as well as our newest endoscope, Endoscope Plus has also been
strong. As we've said in the past, a great clinical procedure takes the customer, the right system, the right
instruments, the right imaging, the right training and the right support. As our Generation 4 ecosystem
has matured, customers achieve high-utilization rates for our target procedures in Gen 4 accounts.

Our Ion program continues to advance with 11 systems placed in the quarter, many of which are in large
teaching institutions. Ion diagnostic procedures are also returning to significant growth. Early clinical
studies comparing Ion to existing alternatives in the market, both handheld and robotic, are beginning to
be published and are encouraging, supporting the architectural decisions made earlier by our design team.

While our progress in our PRECISE trial for Ion has been slowed, we are seeing a return to cases as our
clinical trial partners come free. Lastly, our team continues to incorporate learnings from customers and
improving our system, our manufacturing and our supply chain as we work diligently to support Ion at
greater scale.

Turning to our SP system. Its clinical evidence continues to mount and advocacy for the system by
surgeons who use it is increasing. Procedures on SP rebounded nicely in the third quarter. I'm quite
encouraged by the commentary from surgeons on the performance of the system and the potential for it
to impact a wider variety of procedures over time. In the United States, we're pursuing expanded clinical
indications in a number of areas with our colorectal IDE trials readying initiation. Our system and first
clinical case sites are standing by to start the study pending feedback from FDA and barring additional
headwinds from COVID-19. If these go to plan, we expect first cases in Q4 of this year or Q1 of 2021.

Our cloud simulation, intelligence and analytics programs are also performing well. We've accelerated our
cloud and remote technology efforts this year with use of our remote case observations and our network
simulators ramping quickly. In the quarter, our network surgical simulators were used over 87,000 times,
roughly doubling year-over-year. Our Iris augmented reality program entered limited launch in Q4 of
last year and has recovered well in Q3. Lastly, our customer analytics efforts have been well utilized by
hospitals in 2020 and are scaling nicely.

As we finalize our 2021 planning, it's worth reflecting for a moment. The opportunity for improvement in
acute interventions, including surgery, is a substantial and decades-long journey. The fourth quarter of
2020 will mark the 25th anniversary of the founding of Intuitive and the 21st year of clinical use. Looking
back at what has been achieved and forward to the important work that remains to be done, we are
committed both to our organic innovation and to expanding the universe of bright minds who can improve
medicine with the types of science and technology Intuitive pioneered.

To that end, we launched our Intuitive Ventures group, a part of our futures initiatives, whose mission is to
accelerate opportunities at the frontiers of medicine. Intuitive Ventures group's first fund is $100 million,
and our team is engaging globally with entrepreneurs, having funded some in the quarter. We look forward
to seeing what solutions they bring to complex problems.

In closing, our priorities for the next few quarters remain as follows: first, continued strong performance
on customer, employee and community safety while ensuring supply chain stability; second, continued
support of our customers adapted to their specific conditions will support them according to their needs;
third, advancing our priority programs, instruments, accessories, endoscopy systems and intelligence
programs; and finally, disciplined spend management during this period of change.

I'll now turn the call over to Marshall who will take you through financial matters in greater detail.

Marshall L. Mohr
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

Good afternoon. I would describe the highlights of our performance on a non-GAAP or pro forma basis. I
will also summarize our GAAP performance later in my prepared remarks. A reconciliation between our pro
forma and GAAP results is posted on our website.

Key business metrics for the third quarter were as follows. Third quarter 2020 procedures increased
approximately 7% compared with the third quarter of 2019 and increased approximately 36% compared
with last quarter. Third quarter placements of 195 systems decreased 29% compared with 275 systems
last year and increased 10% compared with 178 systems last quarter. We expanded our installed base of
da Vinci systems over the last year by 8% to approximately 5,865 systems. This growth rate compares
with 9% in the last quarter and 13% last year.

Utilization of clinical systems in the field, measured by procedures per system, declined approximately 2%
compared with last year and increased 33% compared with last quarter.

Let me walk you through the impact of COVID-19 pandemic on procedures and system placements and
how it impacts our business. Overall, procedures recovered gradually during the quarter to around 90% of
pre-COVID levels by the end of the quarter. However, the extent and pace of recovery varied by market.
In the U.S., we reflected several underlying themes. We experienced broader adoption across multiple
procedures led by general surgery.

For example, we saw a significant year-over-year bariatric procedure growth. Partially offsetting broader
adoption is the impact of reduced diagnosis and treatment of conditions given patients' concern over
COVID exposure and regional COVID resurgences and regional -- that disrupt elective procedures. The
reduction of diagnosis and treatment was most pronounced in prostate cancer.

The dynamics that affected the U.S. also affected our OUS markets. In summary, we saw higher procedure
growth in markets where COVID spread is lower, like China and Japan, compared with markets where
COVID impact is greater, like the U.K. and India. While total worldwide procedure rates have improved,
it is possible that resurgences of COVID-19, like those currently being experienced in parts of Europe
and the U.S., could negatively impact da Vinci procedures. In addition, delays in diagnosis and treatment
of underlying conditions could also negatively impact da Vinci procedures. Philip will provide additional
procedure commentary later in this call.

Although capital placements were higher in the second quarter, third quarter placements reflected
headwinds we discussed last quarter, including hospitals filling existing system capacity before purchasing
additional capital and delayed capital spending while hospitals revisit their capital budgets given the
impacts of COVID-19. Utilization in the third quarter was 2% lower than the third quarter of 2019, while
the second quarter 2020 utilization was 27% lower than the second quarter of 2019. Going forward,
we expect these same headwinds to impact capital placements. In addition, macroeconomic conditions
created by COVID could also impact hospital spending. And as we face competition in various markets, we
may experience longer selling cycles and price pressures.

Additional revenue statistics and trends are as follows: Total third quarter revenue was $1.078 billion,
representing a 4.5% decrease from last year and a 26% increase from last quarter. Third quarter 2020
revenue reflects $23 million of service credits issued in relation to the previously announced customer
relief program, where we provided service credits to customers as their use of da Vinci systems were
lower than pre-COVID volumes. Total service credits issued under the customer relief program, which has
now ended, were $82 million.

Leasing represented 35% of current quarter placements compared with 29% last quarter. Second quarter
placements included a higher proportion of China placements where leasing is prohibited. Excluding
China, we saw increased demand for leasing structures. In an environment of COVID-19 and as economic
pressures increase, we anticipate more customers will seek leasing or alternative financing arrangements
than reflected in historical run rates. 40% of systems placed in the third quarter involved trade-ins
consistent with last quarter.

Trade-in activity can fluctuate and be difficult to predict.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

We recognized $17 million of lease buyout revenue in the third quarter compared with $9 million last
quarter and $20 million last year. Lease buyout revenue has varied significantly quarter-to-quarter
and will likely continue to do so. Instrument and accessory revenue per procedure increased slightly to
approximately $1,910 per procedure compared with $1,900 per procedure in the second quarter of 2020
and decreased compared with $1,980 realized in the third quarter of last year. The decrease compared to
last year reflects customer buying patterns, partially offset by increased advanced instrument usage.

In the third quarter of 2020, we did not experience reduced purchases of instruments that we anticipated
in advance of the launch of extended use instruments. In early October, we launched our extended use
instruments in the U.S. Extended use instruments have 12 to 18 uses compared with our previous 10
use instruments. In addition, we are reducing the price of certain instruments used commonly in lower
acuity procedures and/or lower reimbursed procedures. We plan to launch our extended use instruments
later in the fourth quarter in Europe and in 2021 and 2022 in other markets depending on regulatory
requirements. Overall, extended use instruments and lower instrument pricing will result in lower I&A
revenue per procedure to Intuitive. For example, had the extended use instruments been available in the
lower instrument pricing been in place for all of 2019, revenue for 2019 would have been $150 million to
$170 million less than reported and I&A per procedure would have been 7% lower. The impact of these
actions on future revenue will depend on procedure volumes, instrument usage and mix and whether cost
elasticity will enable greater penetration into available markets.

Beginning in the fourth quarter, with the introduction of extended use instruments, we expect that I&A
revenue and revenue per procedure will be lower than it otherwise would have been. 6 of the systems
placed in the third quarter were SP systems, reflecting both our measured rollout of SP and the continued
impact of COVID-19. Our installed base of SP systems is now 58, 8 in Korea and 50 in the U.S. Our rollout
of the SP Surgical System will continue to be measured, putting systems in the hands of experienced da
Vinci users, while we pursue additional indications and optimize training pathways in our supply chain.

As Gary outlined, we expect to initiate first cases associated with the colorectal clinical trial by the first
quarter of 2021. We placed 11 Ion systems in the quarter, bringing the installed base to 32 systems. Ion
system placements also continue to be impacted by COVID-19. Ion system placements, procedures and
related information is excluded from our overall systems and procedure counts. Our rollout of Ion will
continue to be measured while we optimize training pathways in our supply chain.

Procedures under the PRECISE study are being completed at a slower pace than anticipated due to
COVID-19. Based on the current pace of procedures, we expect the PRECISE study to complete in the
second quarter of 2021.

Outside the U.S., we placed 79 systems in the third quarter compared with 90 in the third quarter of 2019
and 72 systems last quarter. Current quarter system placements included 39 into Europe, 15 into Japan
and 12 into China compared with 36 into Europe, 27 into Japan and 10 into China in the third quarter of
2019.

During the third quarter, MOH in China expanded the previous 154 system quota for the period 2016
through 2020 to 225 systems. The time line for purchasing the 125 systems remaining under the
expanded quota is the same as the original quota, which is that hospitals allocated quota by December 31,
2020, have 2 years to complete their tenders. We expect more of the remaining systems to be completed
towards the end of the 2-year period and only approximately a dozen systems to be placed in the fourth
quarter of 2020. We also anticipate other companies to achieve regulatory approval over the next year or
so. If approved, those competitors will share in the remaining quota.

Moving on to gross margin and operating expenses. Pro forma gross margin for the third quarter of 2020
was 70.2% compared with 72% for the third quarter of 2019 and 62.4% last quarter. The second quarter
of 2020 included higher period costs associated with abnormally low production, higher impact of the
customer relief program and higher excess and obsolete inventory charges. The decrease relative to the
third quarter of 2019 reflects higher period costs associated with abnormally low production, the customer
relief program, partially offset by product mix.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

As revenues are pressured by COVID-19, production levels may operate at below normal levels, which
may result in higher labor costs and under-absorbed overhead and reduced product margins. In addition,
product and customer mix fluctuate quarter-to-quarter and could cause fluctuation in gross margins.

Pro forma operating expenses increased 1% compared with the third quarter of 2019 and increased
around 5% compared with last quarter. The increase in third quarter operating expenses compared
with the third quarter of 2019 is driven by higher investments in product development activities,
including informatics, advanced imaging and our Ion and SP platforms and investment in headcounts and
capabilities in OUS markets. This was partially offset by reduced spending on activities directly impacted
by COVID-19, including marketing events, travel and training and reduced spending, reflecting continued
discipline throughout the organization.

Relative to last quarter, spending reflects increases in training and travel, increased spending on product
development areas outlined and partially offset by reduced spending. We continue to believe that we have
a unique opportunity to expand the benefits of computer-aided surgery and acute interventions around the
world and we'll continue to invest in the business for the long term.

Our pro forma effective tax rate for the third quarter was 19.8% compared with our expectations of 20%
to 21%. Our actual tax rate will fluctuate with changes in geographic mix of income, changes in taxation
made by local authorities and with the impact of onetime items.

Our third quarter 2020 pro forma net income was $334 million or $2.77 per share compared with $409
million or $3.43 per share for the third quarter of 2019 and $132 million or $1.11 per share for last
quarter.

I will now summarize our GAAP results. GAAP net income was $314 million or $2.60 per share for the third
quarter of 2020 compared with GAAP net income of $396 million or $3.33 per share for the third quarter
of 2019 and GAAP net income of $68 million or $0.57 per share for last quarter. The adjustments between
pro forma and GAAP net income are outlined and quantified on our website. It include excess tax benefits
associated with employee stock awards, employee stock-based compensation and IP charges, amortization
of intangibles and acquisition-related items and legal settlements.

Third quarter of 2020 GAAP net income also included pretax gains of $62 million on our investments in
private entities resulting from purchases of certain technologies. The EPS impact of these gains, net of tax,
is $0.39 per share.

We ended the quarter with cash and investments of $6.4 million compared with 6.1 -- sorry, $6.4 billion
compared with $6.1 billion at June 30, 2020. Cash generated from operations and stock exercises was
partially offset by investments in working capital and our infrastructure. We did not repurchase any shares
in the quarter.

Our current thoughts on capital deployment are in the following order. We recognize the hardship that
COVID-19 places on our customers, and we'll work with customers to ease the burden of lower da Vinci
utilization, including providing customers with more flexible financing. We will ensure a secure supply
chain and build appropriate levels of inventory to ensure customer supply. We will invest in securing our
employees. We will continue to reinvest in the business, focused on expanding our market opportunity or
accelerating adoption of our products. We will continue to open market repurchase program consistent
with our prior practice.

And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Philip, who will go over procedure performance.

Philip Kim;Head of Investor Relations

Thank you, Marshall. Our overall third quarter procedure growth was 7% compared to 20% growth during
the third quarter of 2019 and a 19% decline last quarter. Our Q3 procedure growth was driven by 7%
growth in the U.S. and 9% growth OUS. U.S., general surgery and China were key drivers of procedure
growth in Q3.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

In the U.S., Q3 procedure growth was largely driven by strength in general surgery. Hernia, coli and
bariatric were the largest drivers of growth within general surgery in the quarter. Bariatric procedures
have been an increased area of focus in 2020 and may also have benefited from certain patients
prioritizing weight loss as obesity is a significant COVID risk factor. In China, procedure growth accelerated
meaningfully, as new systems installed under the quota began to provide additional capacity for
incremental growth. Q3 China procedure growth was strong with broad-based growth in urology, thoracic,
general surgery and gynecology.

With respect to our more mature procedure categories in the U.S., Q3 gynecology procedure growth was
up low single digits year-over-year with hysterectomy for cancer volumes growing mid-single digits. Q3
dVH benign procedures were up modestly year over. In the U.S., dVP procedures in the third quarter
declined high single digits in the quarter compared to a year ago. We believe a constricted diagnostic
pipeline may be impacting dVP volumes as patients may be postponing cancer screening procedures
during the pandemic. On a worldwide basis, dVP procedures in the third quarter declined mid-single digits
compared to a year ago. We do not have visibility as to when the diagnostic pipeline returns.

Certain states that saw increased COVID cases had lower growth rates. At the end of Q2, procedure
volumes in these states slowed and gradually recovered later in the third quarter. We would caution
investors that our visibility of COVID outbreaks is limited and that procedure volumes may fluctuate when
certain geographies face an uptick in COVID.

Third quarter OUS procedure volume grew 9% compared to 23% growth for the third quarter of 2019.
Third quarter OUS growth was driven by continued growth in urology, thoracic, general surgery and
gynecology.

In Japan, procedure growth moderated versus Q2 due to a slowdown in dVP. Overall, European procedures
grew modestly in Q3 as countries recovered from COVID. In Q3, Germany, France and Italy contributed to
year-over-year growth, while the U.K. declined. However, we would caution that as COVID surges occur in
different countries, procedures can be impacted adversely.

It is important to note that we do not have guidance and Q3 trends may not be indicative of future results
due to potential COVID surges, patients' willingness to have procedures done and a constricted diagnostic
pipeline.

Now turning to the clinical side of our business. Each quarter on these calls, we highlight certain recently
published studies that we deem to be notable. However, to gain a more complete understanding of the
body of evidence, we encourage all stakeholders to thoroughly review the extensive detail of scientific
studies that have been published over the years.

Early this year, an article led by Dr. Melissa LaPinska from the University of Tennessee, Knoxville, in the
journal of Surgical Endoscopy

provided results from one of the largest matched case series analysis for noncomplex ventral hernia
repair based on real-world evidence, utilizing the abdominal core health quality collaborative. The study
compared 1,230 subjects undergo in either robotic-assisted or laparoscopic noncomplex ventral hernia
repair. In a propensity score matched analysis with 615 subjects in each cohort, the robotic-assisted
approach had a shorter mean length of stay by 2 days, a lower rate of conversion by over 1%, a lower
rate of clinic re-encounters through 30 days by 6% and a lower rate of surgical site occurrences or
infections requiring treatments by 2.4%.

An article with Doctors Ravi Rajaram, David Rice, Eduardo Bruera from the University of Texas, MD
Anderson Cancer Center in the Journal of Thoracic and Cardiovascular Surgery provided results from
a real-world evidence analysis using the premier hospital database for lobectomy. This study included
patients who underwent an elective lobectomy for primary lung cancer between January 1, 2013, and
September 30, 2015, with the objective to compare postoperative inpatient opioid administration after
robotic-assisted lobectomy compared to open and video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery approaches. In
a propensity score matched analysis with over 2,000 subjects in each cohort, robotic-assisted lobectomy
patients used a lower total opioid dose and lower average daily dose assessed through the median

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

morphine equivalent daily dosage compared to patients undergoing either an open or VATS approach
from postoperative day 1 until discharge. In both comparisons, over the same period, open lobectomy
and VATS patients were more likely to be administered opioids compared to those undergoing a robotic-
assisted procedure, 7.6% fewer robotic-assisted patients when compared to open and 2.6% fewer robotic-
assisted patients when compared to VATS. The authors concluded in this study of patients with lung cancer
undergoing lobectomy, use of a robotic-assisted approach was associated with less opioid administration in
the inpatient postoperative period compared to either VATS or lobectomy.
That includes our prepared remarks. We will now open the call to your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

Our first question today comes from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I'll start with the procedures here. You were growing 8% exiting June. And obviously, there's a lot of gives
and takes on the second wave and some of the diagnostic headwinds as you flagged. But can you maybe
just talk on linearity during the quarter? How is July, August and September? And any color on the first
half of October? And when do you think the diagnostic headwinds could reverse? How do you think that
potentially could play out?

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Marshall, why don't you jump in and speak a little bit to the linearity question? And we'll talk a little bit --
I'll pick up the diagnostic pipeline side.

Marshall L. Mohr
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Consistent with our last call, the beginning of the quarter was depressed relative to, let's say, middle
of June. It's slowly or gradually came back during the quarter. There's a choppiness, of course, because it
varied region by region, but slowly came back in the quarter and probably reached its peak near the end
of the third quarter.

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

On the diagnostics side, I think there's a broad recognition by health care providers that it's not in
anybody's interest for these pipelines to remain stalled. I think there are efforts to drive them. That said,
in terms of how fast they refill and patient comfort to come in and get these things done, I think all of
us are going to have to wait and see. So we'll keep watching and tracking it. Channel checks show that
people are working on it. How fast it converges, I don't think anybody has a great predictor.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And then, Gary, on the -- some of the developments from last quarter, the extended use instruments
and the pricing adjustment, any anecdotal color you can provide on your customer conversations on how
they're thinking about incremental usage. And that you kind of mentioned the regulatory hurdle for the
extended use instruments, I assume that's pretty straightforward. But can you just comment on that as
well?

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Sure. On the customer feedback side, we've seen a positive response. There are different market
segments, both in terms of the types of procedures that people are interested in using our device for, da
Vinci for and also different regions. And those reimbursement dynamics and payment dynamics differ. In
places where that has been greater stress, we've seen really positive engagement and response. We will
see as it plays out in time. I think COVID in the early days of extended use will be a confounding factor.
The early drivers may be as simple as how folks are treating non-COVID and COVID patients concurrently,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

but we think as it lays out in time, this is going to be really healthy for us and was not a hard analysis to
do to understand the potential value of it.

In terms of regulatory pathways, we don't see real hurdles on the regulatory side. I think there's work
to be done in terms of validations. And otherwise, I think that's all well in hand. So I don't see stresses
around regulatory clearances as it relates to extended use instruments.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And then just last one on China. You mentioned in your comments with regard to the quota that you
may see approval from competitive systems next year. Can you just talk on the competitive environment
there? Are you seeing more platforms emerge?

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

For several folks, there are a handful of commercial groups in China that are working on systems of one
variety or another, whether they seek to compete with a multiport da Vinci type system or a single port
system or an Ion-type system. We see interest in all those things. Ultimately, they'll make it through the
regulatory process and get into the market. We see great demand in China. And the increase in the quota,
I think, is a reflection of customer interest working its way through the national processes to get additional
approval. So we feel like we're in a strong position competitively. We think that there's a real market there
that's really gated and limited by the quota system. And we expect others will enter the market, seeing
the value it has. And we've oriented our teams to make sure we're meeting customer needs better than
others do.

Operator

Next, we have a question from David Lewis with Morgan Stanley.

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Just a few here for me, Gary. So it's pretty clear procedure trends normalized across the quarter and
you've seen that and J&J saw it as well. You talked about these various forces, exhausting backlog,
hospital capacity, improving diagnosis. Is it reasonable to expect slow and steady improvement going
forward, but at a more modest rate? That's sort of the message we got from J&J. I'm just wondering if
you'd comment on that. So we get improvement, but that improvement is going to be more measured
going forward.

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

I hesitate to characterize it just because I don't know what the future holds for COVID outbreaks and
strain. What I can say is that hospitals are handling the concurrent needs that they have a little bit better.
I think they have protocols that they feel good about. I think they have access to resources and things
like PPE that early on, they didn't. That gives us some comfort that barring a massive influx that they can
manage both size of patient need.

What that plays out like in the future -- sorry, capacity is better. It's also clear that they want to do
minimally invasive surgery and high-quality, minimally invasive surgery and they have an interest in using
our products gives me comfort. What the weather does, what the COVID pandemic does, I think, is harder
for Intuitive to have direct insight into.

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. But it sounds like on an apples-to-apples basis, all things being normal, the system continues to
improve. Obviously, you're not in control of exogenous factors.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

I think that's fair.

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. Very fair. Just on extended use. 2 questions for me. Marshall, for you, I thought I heard, I apologize
if I misheard. The customers did not change buying patterns in the third quarter. I'm just sort of curious
why do you think that was? And are you more confident, obviously, that will change in the fourth quarter?
And then, Gary, if I said to you, extended use is going to do 1 or 2 things, it's going to bring more general
surgeons and more types of procedures into the mix or it's going to stimulate a significant amount of sort
of Gen 4 platform demand, what do you think is sort of the bigger trigger, a bigger factor here near term?

Marshall L. Mohr
Executive VP & CFO

So we announced, in July, the program for the very intent that maybe hospitals might want to take
advantage of managing their inventory levels. They do what they do. I can't answer the question as to
why their buying patterns where they were. I think that as far as going forward, there will be a hard
cutover. You're not going to see hospitals buy a combination of the 2 and we're not offering a combination
of the 2. We're basically cutting it over to the extended use instruments. So that will -- like I said in my
script, that will have an impact on Q4, but I think it will be positive from a hospital economics perspective,
which is the whole intent of the program, right?

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Turning to the issue of what do we think it's going to catalyze. First, we think that surgeons have an
interest in using our products broadly, and in fact, in procedures that have been traditionally done
laparoscopically. Early days of the company, it was predominantly a substitution of open surgery. It was a
way to allow minimally invasive surgery where open surgery was the norm and MIS by manual means was
really difficult. And yet in general surgery, we're seeing a draw -- a poll by our customer base to do with
da Vinci procedures that are often done with laparoscopy.

And there's a reason for that. System is ergonomically sound, it allows more complex cases to be done
comfortably and repeatedly. And so we see real demand there. And as a result, we feel like as we've
gotten scale, as our instrument quality and processes have improved over the years and we've made
design changes, we can make it easier for those who want to use it more broadly to do so economically.
So we think it's going to stimulate over the long term more demand on that side and a better way to say
it perhaps is it's going to reduce barriers. I think customers want to go there and this reduces barriers to
them getting there.

With regard to upgrades, I think there are a whole host of good reasons to move -- for a customer to
move into a Generation 4 system, Xi or X if they're in a Gen 3 or Gen 2 system and S or Si. And extended
use instruments are just one of the advantages there. So I think it helps that problem. But I think that if I
had to weigh it to, the former is a strong pull in this. Extended use instruments, next-gen imaging, next-
gen advanced instruments, next-gen stapling, vessel sealing, those things are great reasons to upgrade
from an Si into Gen 4.

Operator

Our next question will come from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo.

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

Similar question on the recovery, but on the system side. Gary, how do you see that playing out over the
next few quarters? Any anecdotes you can share about conversations with hospitals? Utilization was down
less this quarter than it was last quarter. And I had one follow-up.

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

I've been relatively pleased with the nature of conversations with hospitals around systems and how they
view their robotic programs. I think they're being highly rational. I think they view high-quality, minimally
invasive surgery is important going forward. They have a lot more data at their fingertips, a lot of it's
supplied by us, to understand and measure the performance of their programs. And they can look out
and say, okay, as they -- if they get more comfortable with recovery, does this help them? And largely
speaking, yes, they view it as a help. So I think that's good.

Having said that, I think they're trying to plan what their finance is going to look like in 2021. Some of
them have reasonable visibility, others have low visibility. And so I think they may pace and we're seeing
that pacing. I am not discouraged over the long term. I look out, I think that a combination of analytical
prowess and recognizing the value of lower variability, high-quality interventions is quite strong. So it
will be hard to predict in the near term. We expect pressure, as Marshall said. I think Marshall is right on
it. Having said that, in the long term, as procedures come back, capital will be important. And we keep
innovating on our products that catalyzes upgrade cycles.

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Gary, Intuitive has historically been almost exclusively an organic grower, investing in early in IP and
developing products around that rather than buying companies with commercial products or folding in
distribution. Do you expect that to change over the next few years? And is that partly why you announced
Intuitive Ventures?

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think we have an interest in and pride in our organic innovation capabilities and I expect that
to remain a pillar and part of our DNA. As we've grown and as I think the market has started to really
appreciate here, I mean, the medical market, really appreciate what robotic-assisted surgery and
computer-aided surgery can do, I think that a lot of new avenues open and that provides opportunity for
us. We have been -- we're not a not invented here culture. We are open-minded to the very bright people
outside. We do a lot of activities and tuck-ins over time. Those may get bigger in time. We may continue
to do it. In general, I'd prefer to bring things in earlier rather than later. On the other hand, if something
is interesting, we are open-minded to it. The venture fund and our futures initiatives, I think, are really
recognizing as an interesting ecosystem out there developing. There's a lot of technology lines that can
make a big difference in medicine. And we'd like to facilitate that growth.

Operator

Next, we have a question from Amit Hazan with Goldman Sachs.

Amit Hazan
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I wanted to kind of try the angle of talking about new technology and pipeline. Maybe try again kind of
from an R&D perspective. I think that's where you've been most comfortable answering it in the past.
So ask it in that context. Obviously, R&D spending is kind of growing right through these last couple of
quarters despite the pressures. Can you just talk to the biggest buckets of R&D spend and your focus or
most focused on these days? And how you allocate those buckets within R&D spend?

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

Yes, I'll start, and I'll ask Marshall to do a little bit more of the comparator. For us, we kind of think about
it in 3 categories. One of them is, what are the kinds of things we can invest and that makes a substantive
change in outcomes, not a 2% change but a bigger one. And those things get our attention and drive a set
of investments. That's one.

We look out at new ways to get into the body with less damage to healthy tissue and less variability.
As you know, we look a lot in ways we can bring more information to the surgeon and to make that
information more understandable, whether it's advanced imaging or higher quality imaging or machine
learning. All those things are ways to help the decision-making and share the load with surgeons, and
we're making substantial progress in that domain. And we've been talking for several quarters now,
perhaps several years, about catalyzing a virtuous cycle of driving volume, driving quality, decreasing the
cost to make our products and sharing those savings with our customers, which allows them to take our
products into places they'd like to go, and we see that happen as well. So those are categorically where
we are thinking. Marshall, I'll let you take the kind of rough mix question.

Marshall L. Mohr
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. From a year-over-year perspective, as I said in my script, the biggest area of investment really is
digital capabilities, AI, machine learning and informatics. Then after that would be advanced imaging and
our capabilities there, and you've seen us introduce new scope technologies, but also making investments
in other ways to image the anatomy. And then the other 2 areas I'd call out would be Ion and SP, of
course, as we bring those products to market.

Amit Hazan
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

So maybe just a related follow-up on Iris. Just given you mentioned I think that it recovered well in the
quarter. Would love just a better understanding of where you're deploying it and implementation. I mean,
there's obviously some very big players in the space that you have to contend with, practically speaking,
and work with and partner with it. How you're seeing that develop now? And what we should be thinking
about over the next year or 2 for that evolution?

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

I would just kind of anchor everybody on what Iris is. This is augmented reality program that takes
preoperative 3D models, MR and CT scans, things like that, that are typically already done in the workflow
of a workup for a patient and making it really easy for the surgeon to have access to that data real time.
First, before the case to help them visualize the case and plan; and second to have it in real-time in the
console.

So it's kind of a really simple idea. And as you say, and rightly say, doing it well, executing it well is the
hard part. We have some really good natural collaboration partners in the space to do that with. You think
about -- we don't go out and acquire those images ourselves. They're acquired on other people's devices.
Those companies are incented and open-minded about how to help those things progress. And we've had
good relationships with them. We have done some really cool proprietary things. We have a brilliant team
of scientists and computer scientists who have thought hard about how to make that augmented reality
work really well. And it's easy to do a quick prototype, and it's hard to do it in such a way that it's additive
to the procedure and doesn't get in the way of the surgeon. That's a lot of what has been going on in Iris
since then.

And then if you think about, well, where can that take you inside the body? It's really neat. You think
about you're interested in what the vasculature is up to, you're interested in what solid organs are doing,
you're interested in where tumor boundaries are. And surgeons getting access to that, thinking through
what approach might be, getting advice from the computing system is how that might work and consulting
with patients about it. Those things are really good, facilitated discussions. I think we are quite strong
relative to what I see out in the market from others and where people are kind of in universities. So our
team is really good.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

How that grows over time, what parts of the body we approach next, we have a road map, we're working
through it. We think that surgeons and hospitals will value it. We're developing the evidence in Iris 1.0,
this first launch to really build the value and to lay that road map. So far, we have really passionate
advocates, both inside and outside the company. So, so far, so good.

Operator

Our next question comes from Larry Keusch with Raymond James.

Lawrence Soren Keusch
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Great. Just -- you mentioned some of this in the prepared comments, but just sort of curious sort of how
you're thinking about as you look across your procedures, where do we stand with backlog and those that
have actually been completed? And at this point, how are we starting to work through that backlog and
really into new cases? Or just -- I'm trying to get some sense of how you think that backlog is working its
way through.

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

I think we're coming at it from 3 different ways, and we have no great insight to share with you. I wish
I had better insight. I don't know that if somebody gave you great insight that I would believe it. Having
said that, with that as a lovely setup, Phil, if anything you would like to add, please jump in.

Philip Kim;Head of Investor Relations

No. I mean it's clear in our prepared comments, we talked about how there are patients that are being
deferred -- that are deferring treatment right now, and that's clearly a detriment to the patient. And so we
do see -- we have worked through some of the backlog, as Gary alluded to in the script, but there still are
patients that are clearly deferring treatment and still are to be worked on.

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

We're in close contact with our customers to the extent that we can help them provide assurance to
patients to make sure that they stay attending to their health care. If we can partner with others to make
that easier, we do. And we've had some of those opportunities. Largely, I think this is -- the main owners
of this process are the health providers themselves, and we stand in support of them. What makes it so
hard to model is that no region, no hospital, no country fits a single pattern. And so you're integrating
across a wide spot.

Lawrence Soren Keusch
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Okay. Great. And then just the second question is, again, you talked a lot about sort of the benefits of the
extended use of the instruments and the lower pricing of the less complex instruments. And certainly, all
that makes sense. I think one part of the equation that people are looking to get some color on is, so how
do you look at that price elasticity? And what does that do potentially to the TAM? Presumably, in part, the
analysis was done to kind of figure out what the right price for the instruments are. So just wondering if
there's anything incremental to add on how you are now thinking about the TAM expansion with sort of the
changes that you made to the pricing?

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Perfectly fair question. Clearly, we think that there's greater demand at different price points, given
both the types of procedures that people want to do and given the regions. What that TAM looks like over
what period of time, I don't think we're ready to update with you on this call. We do think over time and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

as we move into next year, we'll have greater visibility in terms of what's actually happening versus what
our models are, and we'll start to share with you a little bit more of what our models look like.

So operator, just one more caller, please.

Operator

That question will come from Bob Hopkins with Bank of America.

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Great. I'll just ask one given the lateness of the hour. Gary, I thought I heard you comment that you
expect procedures to return to normal sometime in the mid-term. And first, did I hear you correctly? And
I'm just curious how you kind of define mid-term. And then lastly and maybe most importantly, I'm just
curious what gives you that confidence because there are some people that are beginning to think that
maybe some of these COVID issues could have sort of a lasting impact on procedures in terms of patients
or logistics within hospitals. So just curious if you could add a little color to your mid-term comment.

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Yes, fair. I haven't anchored it on a particular time horizon. I think, frankly, it's exactly as you've really
outlined in your question. It's -- what's implied in your question is, I think, as COVID is either tamped
down or concurrently managed well, it's in the health care system and patient's interest to make sure that
people aren't sitting with undiagnosed conditions or suffering with diagnosed conditions that are being
untreated.

I think health systems globally, health policymakers and leaders of these institutions are trying to make
sure they serve their constituencies well. And to me, the definition of mid-term is when they come over
the hump of being able to manage that set of backlogs and the flow of patients, that may mean managing
it within a COVID context or maybe that COVID impressions start to drop and they have more room.

So you can imagine it plays out in a couple of different ways. So long as hospital systems are fully in
reactive mode with regard to COVID, I think we're in the near term. So I'd define mid-term as when folks
are not in pure reaction that -- when they can manage things concurrently. And we see that executing well
in some countries where COVID exists, it's not growing out of sight, and they can manage that pretty well.
And where that happens, we see a return to managing surgical patients pretty well. So it's one that starts
to happen in more and more countries. How long does that take? I don't really know. And what exactly the
catalysts are? Well, it depends on COVID management policy.

Okay. Thanks, Bob. Well, that was our last question.

In closing, we continue to believe there is a substantial and durable opportunity to fundamentally improve
surgery and acute interventions. Our teams continue to work closely with hospitals, physicians and care
teams in pursuit of what our customers have termed the quadruple aim: better, more predictable patient
outcomes, better experiences for patients, better experiences for their care teams and ultimately, a lower
total cost of care. We believe value creation in surgery and acute care is foundationally human. It flows
from respect for and understanding of patients and care teams, their needs and their environment.

Thank you for your support on this extraordinary journey. We look forward to talking with you again in 3
months. This concludes today's call.

Operator
As stated, that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation for using AT&T
teleconferencing. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

