Gartner, Inc. NYSE:IT
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, February 09, 2021 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.82

1.59

93.90

0.89

4.13

4.89

18.40

4.02

1070.62

1112.80

3.94

1048.22

4063.18

4100.00

0.91

4427.08

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-09-2021 12:45 PM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.32

0.81

0.53

0.82

1.20

1.20

0.91

1.59

SURPRISE

275.00 %

48.15 %

71.70 %

93.90 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
GARTNER, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

David Cohen
Group Vice President of Investor
Relations

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Gary Elftman Bisbee
BofA Securities, Research Division

Jeffrey P. Meuler
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Mario J. Cortellacci
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Sou Chien
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Trevor Romeo
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

GARTNER, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Gartner's Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, David Cohen, Gartner's GVP of
Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir.

David Cohen
Group Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, everyone. We appreciate your joining us today for Gartner's Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings
Call and hope you are well. With me on the call today are Gene Hall, Chief Executive Officer; and Craig
Safian, Chief Financial Officer.

This call will include a discussion of fourth quarter 2020 financial results and Gartner's outlook for
2021, as disclosed in today's earnings release and earnings supplement, both posted to our website,
investor.gartner.com. Following comments by Gene and Craig, we will open up the call for your questions.
[Operator Instructions]

On the call, unless stated otherwise, all references to EBITDA are for adjusted EBITDA, with the
adjustments as described in our earnings release. All growth rates in Gene's comments are FX-neutral,
unless stated otherwise. Reconciliations for all non-GAAP numbers we use are available in the Investor
Relations section of the gartner.com website. Finally, all contract values and associated growth rates we
discuss are based on 2020 foreign exchange rates unless stated otherwise.

As set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, certain statements made on this call may constitute
forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and
are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2019
annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q as well as in other filings with the SEC. I
encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents.

Now I will turn the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Good morning, and thanks for joining us. 2020 was an extraordinary year. The COVID-19 pandemic,
global macroeconomic conditions, social unrest and geopolitical changes all posed significant challenges
to enterprises around the world. In this context, Gartner delivered a strong performance across contract
value, revenue, EBITDA and free cash flow.

As many of you know, we entered 2020 with a financial plan to align costs with revenues. By executing
this plan and taking swift cost actions when the pandemic first began, we quickly stabilized our financial
position. We maintained disciplined cost management throughout the year while restoring investments
to support future growth. We successfully pivoted our global workforce to operate effectively in a remote
environment. We grew our capability in key functions across our business.

We drove strong operational execution, and we were extremely agile in serving our clients, pivoting our
content to address critical, contemporary issues, such as the pandemic, remote work environments, cost
optimization and business continuity. We are well positioned to spring back quickly as the macroeconomic
environment improves.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

GARTNER, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

Our performance improved in Q4 compared to earlier in 2020. We delivered strong performances in GBS
contract value, Research revenues, EBITDA and free cash flow. Research is our largest and most profitable
segment. This is a vast market opportunity across all sectors, sizes and geographies.

Our Research segment serves executives and their teams across all major enterprise functions in every
industry around the world. We are uniquely positioned to support leaders enterprise-wide on hundreds
of critically-important topics. Topics with the highest interest during Q4 included data and analytics, cost
optimization and talent management.

Global Technology Sales, or GTS, serves leaders and their teams within IT. For the full year 2020, GTS
contract value grew 4%. Our key underlying metrics have improved each quarter since Q2. Fourth quarter
2020 contract value from new logos was up from 1 year ago, while cancels were about the same. Our
existing clients continued to increase their spend. However, it was a slower pace than in 2019. This was
the biggest factor impacting our growth in the quarter.

Client engagement continued to be strong, with both content and analyst interactions up 30% versus
2019. We saw strong performances across several regions and industries, including tech, retail and
services. Some of the topics with the highest interest included digital transformation, application
development, cloud management and the digital workplace. We expect GTS contract value growth to
accelerate in 2021 and return to double-digit growth in the future.

Global Business Sales, or GBS, serves leaders and their teams beyond IT. This includes HR, supply chain,
finance, marketing, sales, legal and more. GBS contract value continued to perform well throughout the
year, with contract value growth of 7%.

New business growth was a very strong 26% in the quarter, driven by our GxL product line. The sales,
finance and HR practices all ended Q4 with double-digit growth rates. And all practices, with the exception
of marketing, contributed to GBS' growth.

Across our entire research business, we've practiced relentless execution of proven practices, and we're
seeing the results of our efforts. Our research business is well positioned to return to sustained double-
digit growth over the medium term.

Turning to Conferences. As many of you know, our Conferences segment had great momentum coming out
of 2019, but was hard hit in 2020 by the global pandemic. To replace our traditional, in-person destination
conferences, which were no longer possible in 2020, we pivoted to virtual conferences. The performance
of these conferences exceeded our expectations in 2020. And now, with several months' experience under
our belt, we've got a set of best practices that we'll continue to refine.

Our value proposition for virtual conferences remains the same as for in-person conferences. We deliver
extraordinarily valuable insights to an engaged and qualified audience. Beyond virtual conferences,
operationally, we're preparing to return to in-person conferences in the second half of 2021.

Gartner Consulting is an extension of Gartner Research and helps clients execute their most strategic
initiatives through deeper, extended project-based works. Our Consulting segment was also impacted
by the pandemic, with revenues down 12% in Q4 and 5% for the full year 2020. Over the past several
years, we've made great progress in our Consulting business and it will continue to serve as an important
complement to our IT Research business.

Company-wide, we continue to strengthen our stance against racism and discrimination. We appointed
a new leader of diversity, equity and inclusion. We established a center of excellence dedicated to
improvement in this area. And we strengthened our employee resource groups, which helped remove
barriers for diverse populations and support associate engagements.

Sustainability is an important factor in how we manage our business. For example, we've signed contracts
for our Stamford headquarters in our U.K. hub to be powered by 100% renewable energy. We'll be
eliminating single-use plastics across our offices. And finally, we're benchmarking our environmental
footprint and development programs to minimize it over time.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

GARTNER, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

Summarizing, we performed well in the context of a pandemic. Looking ahead, we are well positioned for
sustained growth. We expect to return to revenue growth in 2021 and are on track to return to double-
digit CV and revenue growth thereafter.

We expect to deliver 2021 EBITDA margins, up 2019, and to further expand margins over time. We
generate significant free cash flow in excess of net income, which we'll deploy to return capital to our
shareholders through share repurchases and make strategic tuck-in acquisitions.

With that, I'll hand the call over to Craig. Craig?

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Gene, and good morning. I hope everyone remains safe and well.

Fourth quarter results were ahead of our expectations, headlined by a strong performance in GBS,
better-than-planned cost management and outstanding free cash flow generation. As our 2021 guidance
highlights, we expect total revenue to increase versus 2020 while also positioning Gartner for a return to
strong growth.

Looking out over the medium term, we continue to expect double-digit CV in revenue growth, modest
margin expansion and strong free cash flow generation. Because we can fund growth investments, we
have ample capital to return to shareholders and to deploy to strategic tuck-in acquisitions when we find
the right opportunities. Our Board authorized an additional $300 million for repurchases, bringing the total
available to around $860 million.

Reviewing our year-over-year financial performance for the full year 2020, total contract value increased
4%; total FX-neutral revenue was down 3%; FX-neutral adjusted EBITDA increased 20%; diluted adjusted
EPS was a strong $4.89; and free cash flow was $819 million, up almost 100% from 2019. We did see
some timing benefits, which I will discuss a bit later.

Fourth quarter revenue was $1.1 billion, down 8% as reported and 9% FX-neutral. Excluding conferences,
our revenues were up 2% year-over-year FX-neutral. In addition, total contribution margin was 68%, up
more than 580 basis points versus the prior year. EBITDA was $245 million, up 13% year-over-year and
up 10% FX-neutral. Adjusted EPS was $1.59. And free cash flow in the quarter was a robust $237 million.

Research revenue in the fourth quarter grew 5% year-over-year as reported and 4% on an FX-neutral
basis. Fourth quarter Research contribution margin was 72%, benefiting in part from the temporary cost
avoidance initiatives we put in place starting in the first quarter of 2020.

Total contract value grew 4% FX-neutral to $3.6 billion at December 31. This was the highest contract
value in Gartner history, a notable achievement in a challenging year.

For the full year 2020, Research revenues increased by 7%, both on a reported and FX-neutral basis. The
gross contribution margin was 72%, up about 240 basis points from the prior year.

Global Technology Sales contract value at the end of the fourth quarter was $2.9 billion, up almost 4%
versus the prior year. The selling environment continued to improve in the fourth quarter, but we are still
seeing less upsell with existing clients than normal. Our clients are staying with us, but not adding as
much incremental CV as we've historically seen given the challenging economic environment.

Moving forward, we expect win backs and a return to more expansion with existing clients to contribute to
growth in 2021, consistent with our experience coming out of the last downturn. By industry, CV growth
was led by technology, retail and services.

While retention for GTS was 98% for the quarter, down about 600 basis points year-over-year, a majority
of our industry groups saw retention improve from the third quarter. GTS new business declined 5%
versus last year, an improvement from both the second and third quarters. Our regular full set of metrics
can be found in our earnings supplement.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

GARTNER, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

Global Business Sales contract value was $696 million at the end of the fourth quarter. That's about 20%
of our total contract value.

CV increased 7% year-over-year. CV growth was led by the health care and technology industries. The
sales, finance and human resources practices all recorded double-digit CV growth for the year. All practices
contributed to the 7% CV growth rate for GBS with the exception of marketing, which was impacted by
discontinued products. That said, our marketing business saw improving retention rates and a return to
year-over-year new business growth in the fourth quarter.

Wallet retention for GBS was 101% for the quarter, down 43 basis points year-over-year. GBS new
business was up 26% over last year, led by very strong growth in HR, finance and legal. As with GTS,
our regular full set of GBS metrics can be found in our earnings supplement. Overall, GBS continued to
demonstrate its resilience and strength as we exited 2020.

The Conferences segment was materially impacted by the global pandemic, as you know. During the
year, we pivoted to producing virtual conferences with a focus on maximizing the value we deliver for
our clients. We held 13 virtual conferences in the fourth quarter. We also held a number of virtual Evanta
meetings, shifting these 1-day local conferences online due to the pandemic. Conferences revenue for the
quarter was $93 million. Contribution margin in the quarter was 78%.

Our fast transition to virtual conferences has been positive for the overall business. As we discussed last
quarter, virtual conferences offer significant value to our research clients and prospects. And while we've
shown that we can run virtual conferences profitably, it is important to recognize the different economics
associated with virtual versus in-person conferences.

Similar to last quarter, I'd highlight 2 primary differences. First, our mix of revenue from attendees and
exhibitors has essentially flipped. With the in-person format, approximately 2/3 of revenue comes from
exhibitors and 1/3 from attendees. In the virtual format, we've seen about 2/3 of revenue come from
attendees. Second, the vast majority of our attendee revenue has continued to come from research
contract entitlements as opposed to incremental tickets.

I'd also highlight that our fourth quarter destination conferences have historically been our largest, most
profitable conferences. In 2020, we held our biggest, most highly-anticipated conferences of the year in
the fourth quarter in a virtual format.

For the full year 2020, revenue decreased by 75%, both on a reported and FX-neutral basis. Gross
contribution margin was 48%, down about 290 basis points from 2019 as we maintained some of our
cost of service as well as SG&A despite the lower revenue. We did this to ensure we were in a position to
execute our new virtual conferences and to resume in-person conferences when it is safe and permitted.
Lastly, the timing of receiving conference cancellation insurance claims remains uncertain, so we will not
record any recoveries in excess of expenses incurred until the receipt of the insurance proceeds.

Fourth quarter Consulting revenues decreased by 10% year-over-year to $94 million. On an FX-neutral
basis, revenues declined 12%. Consulting contribution margin was 26% in the fourth quarter, down about
160 basis points versus the prior year quarter due to lower contract optimization revenue, which usually
flows through at high margins.

Labor-based revenues were $73 million, down 10% versus Q4 of last year or 12% on an FX-neutral basis.
Labor-based billable headcount of 730 was down 10%. Utilization was 63%, up about 300 basis points
year-over-year. Backlog at December 31 was $100 million, down 14% year-over-year on an FX-neutral
basis. Our backlog provides us with about 4 months of forward revenue coverage.

Our contract optimization business was down 9% on a reported basis versus the prior year quarter. As we
have detailed in the past, this part of the Consulting segment is highly variable.

Full year Consulting revenue was down 4% on a reported basis and 5% on an FX-neutral basis. And its
gross contribution margin of 31% was up 68 basis points from 2019.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

GARTNER, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

SG&A decreased 6% year-over-year in the fourth quarter. SG&A as a percentage of revenue was up year-
over-year as we restored certain compensation and benefit costs and had significantly less revenue from
conferences. For the full year, SG&A decreased 3% on a reported and FX-neutral basis.

EBITDA for the fourth quarter was $245 million, up 13% year-over-year on a reported basis and up 10%
FX neutral. As we have seen improvements in the macro environment, we have resumed growth spending
and started to restore some of the compensation and benefit programs which we had put on hold when
the pandemic first hit.

Fourth quarter EBITDA benefited from several factors. First, we've continued to maintain very strong cost
discipline across the company. Second, we had better-than-planned revenue performance in research and
conferences, which flowed through with very strong incremental margins.

Third, we had planned for an increase in certain costs such as travel, which didn't materialize due to
pandemic-related shutdowns. And finally, we have been conservative in our implied fourth quarter
guidance given the geopolitical uncertainty, due in part to the U.S. election, rising COVID counts and a still
recovering global economy.

Depreciation in the quarter was up approximately $4.5 million from last year, including expense
acceleration from facilities-related charges. Amortization was down about $800,000 sequentially. Net
interest expense, excluding deferred financing costs in the quarter, was $26 million, flat versus the fourth
quarter of 2019.

The Q4 adjusted tax rate, which we used for the calculation of adjusted net income, was 25% for the
quarter. The tax rate for the items used to adjust net income was 28.4% in the quarter. The adjusted tax
rate for the full year was 21%.

Adjusted EPS in Q4 was $1.59. For the full year, adjusted EPS was $4.89. EPS growth for the year was
25%. Note that about $7 million of equity compensation expense, which we normally would have incurred
in the fourth quarter, has shifted into the first quarter of 2021. That was a benefit to fourth quarter
adjusted EPS of about $0.07.

Operating cash flow for the quarter was $260 million compared to $83 million last year. The increase in
operating cash flow was primarily driven by cost avoidance initiatives, improved collections and timing of
tax payments.

CapEx for the quarter was $23 million, down 57% year-over-year. Lower CapEx is largely a function of
lower real estate expansion needs due to the pandemic. We define free cash flow as cash provided by
operating activities less capital expenditures.

Free cash flow for the quarter was $237 million, which is up about 700% versus the prior year. Free cash
flow as a percent of revenue or free cash flow margin was 20% on a rolling 4-quarter basis, continuing the
improvement we've been making over the past few years.

Free cash flow was well in excess of GAAP and adjusted net income. Adjusted for timing and onetime
benefits, 2020 normalized free cash flow margin is around 13%. We had a fantastic year for free cash
flow driven by the resiliency of the business, continued strong collections, disciplined cost and cash
management and lower cash taxes and deferrals of certain tax payments.

We took a number of actions in 2020 to further strengthen our balance sheet. We had 2 successful bond
offerings and amended and extended our credit facility. We reduced our maturity risk, and our annual
interest expense will be lower starting in 2021. Our December 31 debt balance was $2 billion. At the end
of the fourth quarter, we had about $1 billion of revolver capacity. Our reported gross debt to trailing 12-
month EBITDA is about 2.5x.

At the end of the fourth quarter, we had $713 million of cash. We resumed our share repurchases after
pausing earlier in the year, buying back $100 million in stock at an average price of $156 per share. The
Board recently increased our share repurchase authorization by $300 million because we have significant
capacity for buybacks from cash on hand and expected free cash flow.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

GARTNER, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

As of February 8, we have around $860 million available for open market repurchases. We expect the
Board will refresh the repurchase authorization as needed going forward. We will deploy excess cash for
share repurchases and strategic tuck-in acquisitions.

Before providing the 2021 guidance details, I want to discuss our base level assumptions and planning
philosophy for 2021. For Research, most of our 2021 revenue is determined by our year-end 2020
contract value. As we move through the year, we will revisit the Research revenue outlook.

For Conferences, our guidance is based on being 100% virtual for the full year. Operationally, we are
planning to relaunch in-person 1-day events in the third quarter and in-person destination conferences
starting in September. Our guidance includes fixed costs, primarily people and marketing related to both a
full year of virtual and in-person conferences. We've excluded the variable costs, primarily venue-related,
associated with the in-person conferences from our guidance.

We've been able to run profitable virtual conferences in 2020, and that is reflected in our 2021 guidance.
If we are able to run in-person conferences, we expect incremental upside to both our revenue and
profitability for 2021.

The economics in 2021, even in a partial in-person year, won't be fully back to normal. As we get closer to
the go, no-go decision point, we'll provide additional insight to sizing the incremental revenue and profits.

For Consulting revenues, the compares get easier as we move through the year. We have more visibility
into the first half based on the composition of our backlog and pipeline as usual.

For expenses, we have planned for the full reinstatement of benefits that were either canceled or deferred
in 2020. This includes our annual merit increase and certain other benefits. We are also returning to
growing our sales forces, with planned quota-bearing headcount growth in the high single digits for both
GTS and GBS.

We have also planned for several additional programs, including technology investments. The impact of
most of these expense restorations or investments impact our P&L starting in the second quarter.

As you know, travel expense was close to 0 from April through December. Our current plans assume a
modest ramp-up in travel-related expenses over the course of 2021. Most of this ramp is built into the
second half of the year. If travel restrictions remain in place for longer than we've assumed, we'd see
expense savings.

Our guidance for 2021 is as follows: We expect research revenue of at least $3.815 billion, which is growth
of at least 5.9%. We expect conferences revenue of at least $160 million, which is growth of at least 33%.
We expect consulting revenue of at least $390 million, which is growth of at least 3.6%. The result is an
outlook for consolidated revenue of at least $4.365 billion, which is growth of 6.5%. Based on current
foreign exchange rates and business mix, the consolidated growth includes an FX benefit of about 200
basis points.

We expect full year adjusted EBITDA of at least $760 million, which is a decline of about 7%, and reported
margins of at least 17.4%. This is based on conferences running virtual only. We expect our full year
2021 adjusted net interest expense to be $102 million. We expect an adjusted tax rate of around 22% for
2021. We expect 2021 adjusted EPS of at least $4.10. For 2021, we expect free cash flow of at least $630
million. This is before any insurance proceeds related to 2020 conference cancellations.

It is also important to note that we have revalued our contract value at current year FX rates, which had a
modest overall impact. Our 2020 ending contract value at 2021 FX rates is $2.9 billion for GTS and $706
million for GBS.

Details are included in the appendix of the earnings supplement. All the details of our full year guidance
are included on our Investor Relations site. Finally, we expect to deliver at least $200 million of EBITDA in
Q1 of 2021.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

GARTNER, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

In summary, despite an unfavorable economic environment, we delivered better-than-planned financial
results in 2020. We had outstanding free cash flow and strong EBITDA. We strengthened our balance
sheet and moved quickly to implement cost avoidance initiatives while still investing for future growth.

While there is still uncertainty in the macro outlook, our contract value held up better than in the last
downturn. We were able to launch and monetize virtual conferences and virtual Evanta meetings. We will
continue with targeted investments and restoration of certain expenses to ensure we are well positioned to
rebound when the economy recovers.

As I mentioned at the start of my remarks, looking out over the medium term, we continue to expect
double-digit CV and revenue growth, modest margin expansion and strong free cash flow generation.
Because we can fund growth investments, we have ample capital to return to shareholders through our
buyback programs and to deploy to strategic tuck-in acquisitions when we find the right opportunities.
With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator, and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

GARTNER, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jeff Meuler with Baird.

Jeffrey P. Meuler
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

On GTS upselling, I guess how does it compare to the last downturn? Anything you're doing operationally
different? And I guess, any signs that having a higher penetration rate in terms of number of seats per
average client coming out of this downturn could be a constraint?

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Jeff, it's Gene. So compared to last downturn, GTS, in fact the whole company, we took a lot of lessons
from the last downturn in terms of operational execution, and we've been better all the way around in
terms of operational execution. So I think that the -- in terms of every aspect of the business, like if you
look at new logo growth in Q4, that was very good, even though, obviously, it's still a tough economic
environment out there, et cetera. So I think, basically, our operational execution is a lot better than it was
during the last downturn.

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

And Jeff, it's Craig. The other thing I'd add is, while we haven't increased the penetration since the
last downturn, we still look at our penetration as sort of woefully underpenetrated even in our existing
enterprises. We're talking about, on average, 4 to 6 seats generally. And so we continue to believe there's
an enormous opportunity to continue to penetrate existing enterprises.

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

It has a lot of growth in existing -- go ahead, Jeff.

Jeffrey P. Meuler
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Go ahead.

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

I was just saying, in fact, there was a lot of growth in existing enterprises as well. It wasn't quite as much
as in 2019, but still significant amount of growth in existing enterprises.

Jeffrey P. Meuler
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Got it. And then I get that you're going to give us more financial outlook commentary on conferences as
we get to the second half and know if they're happening in-person or not. But just any framework for
thinking about incremental margins as that returns?

I know that your guidance is assuming that you don't have the variable facilities-based cost to execute
in-person conferences, but I think you still preserved quite a bit of SG&A, so not sure how much of that
has to return. Just if you can give us any framework on incremental margins as conferences come back in
person at some point.

Craig W. Safian

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

GARTNER, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

Executive VP & CFO

Yes, sure, Jeff. Happy to. And again, I mean, I think part of the challenge we have is we hope we're in
a situation where we're able to run a full in-person scenario in the second half of the year. It may vary
depending on regions that open up earlier than others or certain restrictions that are in place. And so
there's no easy yes or no answer here.

The way we sort of think about it is, yes, you're right, we did maintain a team in Conferences to be able to
return to producing our fantastic in-person events, or conferences rather, as soon as we can, and that is
baked into our base level guidance.

Obviously, if we pivot to in-person, we generate a lot more revenue. The way we've thought about it in our
modeling it is, it will flow through at historical incremental margin rates roughly for conferences. And so if
you look back to how our incremental margins flow through historically, that's what we're expecting as we
make this pivot.

Now the other thing I would mention is as we do return to in-person, and I mentioned this in my prepared
remarks as well, we don't expect to fully return to the size and scale that we exited 2019 at. It's going to
take a little bit of time to grow back. And that obviously impacts the flow-through economics as well.

Jeffrey P. Meuler
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

And I hope to see all of you at one of your in-person conferences later this year.

Operator

Our next question comes from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley.

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Just while we're on conferences, I wanted to ask, you've had about 40% monetization versus in-person for
the virtual conferences. Is that similar to what we should expect this year? Or is there a progression that
you could get higher than that?

And basically in terms of the exhibitors, is there any progress that you've made on getting exhibitors
involved in the virtual format? And just basically, should we expect sort of a similar model for monetization
of conferences this year ex the in-person, obviously?

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Toni, thanks for the question. In terms of the monetization, I would say we're still progressing on that.
And I wouldn't anchor on that 40%. I think one thing to keep in mind is we did a really great job of very
quickly pivoting and a great job of monetizing in the back half of this year.

In the last 3 months of the year, we ran our global symposium series, which, as you know, are typically
and historically our largest, most profitable conferences. And we were actually -- we had significant pent-
up demand, if you will, from not being able to run conferences for the first several months of the year.

I think -- and so again, we'll continue to refine our monetization and our ability to market to and sell
incremental tickets to those virtual conferences. So again, we expect we'll get better and better at this as
we move on.

In terms of exhibitors, we did a decent job, I would argue, in the fourth quarter. While the revenue mix
has shifted, as I mentioned, to being more attendee-driven, still a full 1/3 of our revenue was generated
from exhibitors in the fourth quarter. And so I think similar to the attendee commentary I just gave you,
we continue to get better and better at that as well by providing exhibitors the opportunity to meet with
or get exposed to our highly qualified audience. And then on top of that, our attendees, generally one of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

GARTNER, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

the things that they really put a lot of value on when they come to a conference is that exposure to the
exhibitors as well.

So I think both are works in process. We've gotten, as Gene mentioned, better and smarter at how we
deliver it after each and every conference, and we'll continue to refine that as we move forward.

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great. And then in terms of GTS, how are you thinking about headcount growth strategy in '21? Will you
start to ramp up ahead of demand or concurrent with demand? Just what are your thoughts on ramping
that up? And are you still expecting 1Q to be the inflection point?

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Toni, it's Gene. So we are focused on long-term double-digit growth and headcount growth is an important
part of that. And so as we go through '21, we expect to increase our headcount in both GTS and GBS, not
so much to impact in '21, but really so we have the capacity in '22 to make sure we can hit very attractive
growth rates in '22.

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

And Toni, just on the phasing, I think because of what Gene just mentioned, which is, this is really about
seeding the investments for '22 and beyond, you won't necessarily see an inflection point in Q1. Like most
of our cost restoration and cost investments, we're really turning these things on from Q2 and beyond. So
it would really impact the P&L, Q2 and beyond.

Operator

Next question comes from Gary Bisbee with Bank of America.

Gary Elftman Bisbee
BofA Securities, Research Division

Great job on the results and outlook. Craig, I wanted to ask about free cash flow. The last 2 quarters, I
feel like you've been discussing that a little differently. Historically, it was sort of a conversion rate as a
percent of adjusted earnings that we talked about, and now you're talking about a free cash flow margin.
And frankly, it's a lot higher, right, if we go back at that old metric than it used to be. So I'm trying to
understand what's really driving this significant improvement in your free cash flow generation. And is that
13% of revenue a good bogey going forward? Because the guidance implies a higher level than that in
2021.

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Gary, thanks for the comments and the question. So I think that, obviously, our business model is one that
should generate significant amounts of free cash flow. And when we were in the 2017 to 2019 time frame,
we were investing significantly, both from an operating P&L perspective and also from a CapEx perspective
as we were dealing with all the growth. We -- and we had some challenges with our collection pacing and
DSOs and things of that nature as well.

I think in 2020, we got everything back on track. And so we did a fantastic job on collections in 2020,
especially in a really tough environment, which was great. And obviously, that flowed through in 2020, and
we expect to maintain that level of collection pacing moving forward.

The other big factor I would say is CapEx. And so we had a significant amount of investment, as I
mentioned, in capital expenditures, primarily behind facilities to support our very significant investment
in growth and headcount. Obviously, we muted that in 2020, and our 2021 guidance assumes that we're
going to run at roughly the same level of CapEx spending as we had in 2020. And I think moving forward,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

GARTNER, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

we can expect that to remain at roughly the levels that we are today, sort of in that percent of revenue
range. So it will increase, but we don't see it going back to the roughly $150 million that we spent on it in
2019.

So I think the combination of those 2 things and really getting the benefit of our upfront negative working
capital model is what we're seeing flow through. And so we focused on it. We sort of strayed from it for
1 year or 2. We got real focused on it again, and we saw the benefits of that in 2020. Obviously, 2020
was sort of an extraordinary year with a lot of unique things in it. But you're right, our 2021 guidance for
free cash flow margin, if you will, is even a little bit higher than that normalized rate that we saw in 2020.
So we feel really good about the free cash flow generation capability and forecast and outlook moving
forward.

Gary Elftman Bisbee
BofA Securities, Research Division

Great. And then just the other question, the other thing that really stood out to me was the 2021 margin,
a lot higher than what you indicated was likely a quarter ago. Obviously, revenue is trending better and
that's helpful. Is there anything else you'd call out other than how the top line is going? And I guess
maybe as part of that, has your thinking progressed at all from last quarter around the potential for
permanent cost reductions now that you've run the business through the pandemic?

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think that's a smart observation. I think as we progress through 2020 -- let me back up for a
second. So when we entered 2020, our operating plan was essentially, let's make sure 100% that we have
revenue growth and cost growth in line and set ourselves up to then be able to modestly expand margins
moving forward.

I think as we progressed through 2020, with an eye towards cost discipline and cost management, we
were able to flex on things that we didn't necessarily think were possible previously. And so I think as we
look at our cost savings that we generated and cost avoidance that we generated in 2020, portions of that
were permanent and we'll be able to yield the benefits of that moving forward. Portions of them were what
I would characterize as semipermanent, we'll get smarter around the way we spend in the future based on
what we learned in 2020. And some of them will come right back, right?

So like the benefit stuff that we saved and our compensation and benefit savings in 2020, we're obviously
bringing that back in 2021, and we think it's really important from an associate perspective, to keep
everyone motivated and running towards our goals. But there certainly are things that we definitely
see permanent and/or semipermanent savings from that we learned in 2020 that will be able to help us
manage to that better margin outlook moving forward.

Operator

Our next question comes from George Tong with Goldman Sachs.

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

On GTS, you mentioned we won't see an inflection in CV in 1Q, but rather in 2Q and beyond that spending
comes back. Since 2021 CV largely depends on the 2020 sales force headcount, what are the assumptions
underlying sales force productivity as you move through 2021?

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

George, so the way to think about it is we have invested in growing both our GTS and GBS sales forces
over the past several years. Obviously, in 2020, we didn't do that. We actually pared down a little bit. We
were able to work through a pretty large bench that we had built at the end of 2019. And so we feel really

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

GARTNER, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

good about our sales capacity or selling capacity entering 2021. And so we've got a significant amount of
sellers in both GTS and GBS ready to go and tackle 2021.

And so the way to think about the inflection and what we expect from a CV perspective is that, obviously,
Q1 is the last, if you will, tough compare from a semi-normal environment and the compares do get easier
in Q2 and beyond. And so that's why we expect that inflection point from a CV growth perspective to sort
of pivot upwards after Q1.

I think there's a variety of different productivity scenarios you can run. If we're able to get back to 2019
levels of productivity, obviously, that would drive a really nice rebound and very significant contract value
growth in 2021. But you can also get there, getting somewhere in between where we finished 2020 and
where we finished 2019.

And so as we think about it, we believe that there's no reason why in the future, not necessarily in 2021,
in the future, we can't get back to the productivity levels we were at pre pandemic. It's going to take
potentially a little bit of time to get there. But even if we glide up to that level, we can see a pretty nice
rebound in the contract value growth for GTS over the course of both 2021 and into 2022.

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Very helpful. And then on GBS, in the quarter, you saw significant upside there. Can you talk a little bit,
elaborate on what the sources of upside were and how you expect those sources of upside to persist into
2021?

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Yes, it's Gene. The -- I think the answer is that the clients and prospects see a lot of value in our offerings.
We help -- we identify what their most important initiatives are and how they can execute them better.
People have those challenges to address in good times and bad. And what we've seen is that the uptake
from prospects and clients with the GBS products are really good. And it's because of the value they see in
them.

Operator

Our next question comes from Andrew Nicholas with William Blair.

Trevor Romeo
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

You've actually got Trevor Romeo here in for Andrew. First of all, just curious on GTS. If you could maybe
give us an update on buying activity for clients that are kind of in some of the highly affected industries
from the pandemic, like travel, hospitality, et cetera. And to what degree have you seen client win back at
this point? And how much opportunity do you see for further win backs in those areas in the future?

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Yes, great question. So first, we -- even through the pandemic, we saw pretty good rates of buying --
renewal rights and buying from existing clients, even in troubled industries. Not all clients were the same,
some clients actually would go from 5 seats to 4 seats or something like that. And so we did see some of
that. But overall, we saw a pretty good performance there.

In terms of win backs, for the ones that did downgrade and so there -- and there are obviously some of
those. Actually, we are going to see win backs. And in fact, in Q4, particularly in December, we saw some
win backs from some of the business we lost earlier in the year. And as we go through '21, we'd expect
that to continue.

Trevor Romeo
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

GARTNER, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

Okay. Great. And then for my follow-up, within GBS and the marketing practice specifically, have you now
lapped the shift away from those lower-margin products that you're going through? And how would you
expect that vertical to grow relative to the other practices within GBS in the future?

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Yes. Marketing has the same great value proposition that the other GBS practices have. And as you
pointed out, we had some products that we discontinued which has dragged their overall growth rate
down. But if you look at the products that -- if you separate that out, which we can do internally obviously,
the products -- the new products are quite attractive and are selling well.

In terms of whether we've lapped it, we've not quite lapped it, but we've discontinued most of those
products. Some of the clients were in multi-years and some of those multi-years extended into 2021. And
so it will take 2021 to get through all of it. But again, the majority we've already gotten through of those
discontinued products.

Operator

Our next question comes from the Manav Patnaik with Barclays.

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Just on the Events business, you talked about the mix in attendees. I was just wondering if you could
talk about Evanta, like the smaller events versus the bigger events, and perhaps if there's a difference in
profitability as well that you guys have assumed from virtual to in-person?

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Manav, happy to. So I think as we mentioned, we've pivoted to virtual in both our destination
conference portfolio and in our 1-day Evanta portfolio. And if you look at Q4 as an example, historically,
Evanta contributed about 20% to our overall conferences revenue. It was a little bit higher than that in
Q4, but not significantly higher than that. So it's been a pretty consistent contributor.

They actually were able to pivot a little sooner to virtual, just given the size of the communities and the
size of the events or the meetings that they run. And so again, we're very, very pleased with what we've
been able to do from a monetization perspective on both the Evanta 1-day meetings and the destination
meetings.

We do believe as we look at our 2021 calendar that we will be able to return to in-person Evanta meetings
perhaps a little bit sooner, really dependent on the geography and what is allowed or permitted in those
geographies. But we do think, given the size of them, that we'll be able to return to them a little bit earlier.

But in any event, we've focused or we've pivoted to really driving virtual value in absence of in-person
value. Clearly, I think our members and exhibitors in that business are itching to get back to in-person
value. But we expect Evanta to continue to be a really nice contributor to the overall conferences portfolio.

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. Got it. And then if I could just ask on your comments around M&A. Just firstly, just a quick
clarification, how much did TOPO add to the GBS contract value this quarter? But broadly, do you see
more opportunities like dislocation because of your smaller, I guess, targets maybe not being able to
handle it like you guys did?

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

GARTNER, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

Yes. Manav, I'll take the non-TOPO question. In terms of the number of small companies, there are a lot
of small innovative companies out there. We track many, many, think hundreds of companies who are
looking for innovative ideas that we can add into our portfolio. And so we see that as a core part of our
strategy where we see small innovative companies and it makes sense to buy rather than build. Obviously,
we can -- in the absence of that, we can just find it organically, but if we can see M&A opportunities that
are accretive and help strategically, we'll certainly do that.

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, sure, of course. I mean, actually, TOPO CV was included in Q4 2019. And so over the course of Q4
and the first 3 quarters of this year, it added about 60 basis points to the GBS growth rate. It's actually
apples-to-apples in the Q4 numbers. So it didn't -- that's why you don't see any sort of dislocation really
between the reported GBS rate and the organic rate given TOPO CV is in both balances.

Operator

Our next question comes from Henry Chien with BMO Capital Markets.

Sou Chien
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

So I guess just looking forward, relative to other cycles, any suggestion that there might be some change
in terms of the incremental or the new demand coming forward in terms of CV growth, whether that's by
industries or just any change in the character of this recovery?

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Yes, Henry, every recession is different. We've tracked carefully what our performance was last recession
to see if there's things that are indicative. One thing is for sure, which is we are operationally much better.
As we went through the last recession, we sat down and figured out kind of the things that worked the
best and we made sure we ran those plays very early in this recession.

Obviously, one big difference was that we literally couldn't hold conferences. In the last recession, you
could hold conferences. People might have been restraining their travel expenses, you had less people
going, but not -- but we could actually hold them. That's very different than this year.

And so I think one big difference in terms of how it recovers, as Craig mentioned earlier, we're looking
forward to being able to -- we'll continue the virtual conference that we've had, but we also think that
there's value in in-person conferences and look forward to going to those as we -- as the economy
recovers.

Sou Chien
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Got it. Okay. Yes. And I guess just -- and in terms of perhaps contract value growth or research growth,
has there been any change or anything that you're expecting going forward in terms of just the -- yes, I
guess, the character of -- characterizing the recovery?

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

I'd say 2 things. One is that our -- again, because we are operationally better, I think the CV growth will
hold up better than it did in the last recession. It has been already. And I do think that for the ones that
we -- for clients that did decide to buy 4 seats instead of 5 or maybe even discontinued it altogether, just
like the last recession, we will see some uptake from that. And so there will be some clients that come
back that give us a boost as well over the next several months.

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

GARTNER, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

And Henry, the one thing I'd add is, obviously, from a medium-term outlook or medium-term objective
perspective, no change in how we're thinking about the market opportunity or our ability to grow both the
GTS and GBS businesses at strong double-digit growth rates.

Operator

Our next question comes from hand from Hamzah Mazari with Jefferies.

Mario J. Cortellacci
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

This is Mario Cortellacci filling in for Hamzah. Just had a question on Consulting. I just wanted to see if you
can give us a sense for what the sales cycle looks like for Consulting today versus what it looked like a few
months ago. And do you think a vaccine rollout changes that as we enter 2021?

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Yes. I'd say, to your point, the Consulting selling cycle is longer now. What many companies did is just
-- in response to the downturn or pandemic, was just stop all upside spending, put a pause on it, which
obviously increases your selling cycle. And we certainly saw that.

I do think as both with a vaccine, but also as companies understand how stable their financial situation is,
we'll see that selling cycle start to come down a bit both -- from both of those factors.

Mario J. Cortellacci
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Great. And then could you just also talk about how sustainable the -- sorry, the sequential improvement
in GBS is? And are you doing anything differently there? Is it just a factor of your sales force being more
tenured? Are you -- is there anything new in terms of products? Or is it just simply that things are getting
better from a -- from an economy standpoint?

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Yes. So GBS, like GTS, has an enormous untapped market opportunity. And we have products that provide
great value to capture that market opportunity. That's what's driving the GBS improvement. And I think
we're going to continue to see that acceleration over time for the same reason. The clients find a lot of
value in the products.

I do think that when we introduced GxL products, it took time to -- for the sales force to figure out the
value proposition to expand to clients. And that's part of the reason we've seen sort of the acceleration
more recently. But I think at the heart of it is giant market opportunity with products that provide
tremendous value to our clients.

Operator

And I'm currently showing no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to Gene Hall
for closing remarks.

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

So as you heard today, Gartner delivered a strong performance in the context of what was a truly
extraordinary year. We continue to have a vast and largely unpenetrated addressable market. The Gartner
formula for sustained long-term growth continues to drive success in our research business. And looking
ahead, we are well positioned for sustained success.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

GARTNER, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

We will return to revenue growth in 2021. And beyond 2021, or the medium and long term, we expect to
return to sustained double-digit contract value and revenue growth. We expect to deliver EBITDA margins
up from 2019, and to further expand margins over time.

We generate significant free cash flow in excess of net income, which we'll deploy to return capital to our
shareholders through share repurchases and to make strategic tuck-in acquisitions. And finally, we expect
to come out of this recession strong and well positioned to drive long-term sustained double-digit growth
for years to come.

Thanks again for joining us, and I look forward to updating you again next quarter.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

GARTNER, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 09, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

