Johnson Controls International plc 

NYSE:JCI
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, May 01, 2020 11:30 AM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.36

0.42

16.67

0.49

1.88

2.30

Revenue  (mm)

5479.06

5444.00

(0.64 %)

5543.06

22286.47

23442.91

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-29-2020 5:17 AM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

0.62

0.76

0.38

0.36

0.65

0.78

0.40

0.42

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4.84 %

2.63 %

5.26 %

16.67 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Antonella Franzen
VP and Chief Investor Relations &
Communications Officer

Brian J. Stief
Vice Chairman, Executive VP &
CFO

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

ANALYSTS

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Charles Stephen Tusa
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

John Fred Walsh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to Johnson Controls Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]

This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time.

I will turn over the call to Antonella Franzen, Vice President and Chief Investor Relations and
Communications Officer.

Antonella Franzen
VP and Chief Investor Relations & Communications Officer

Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls' second quarter
fiscal 2020 results. The press release and all related tables issued earlier this morning as well as the
conference call slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at
johnsoncontrols.com.

Joining me on the call today are Johnson Controls' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, George Oliver;
and our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, Brian Stief.

Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of today's call, we will be providing certain
forward-looking information. We ask that you review today's press release and read through the forward-
looking cautionary informational statements that we've included there.

In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion, and we ask that you read through
the sections of our press release that address the use of these items.

In discussing our results during the call, references to adjusted EBITA and adjusted EBIT margins exclude
restructuring and integration costs as well as other special items. These metrics are non-GAAP measures
and are reconciled in the schedules attached to our press release and in the appendix to the presentation
posted on our website.

Additionally, all comparisons to the prior year are on a continuing operations basis, excluding the results of
Power Solutions.

GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to Johnson Controls' ordinary
shareholders was $0.28 for the quarter and included a net charge of $0.14 related to special items
primarily related to an asset impairment charge and integration costs. Excluding these special items, non-
GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.42 compared to $0.32 in the
prior year quarter.

Now let me turn the call over to George.

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Antonella, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on today's call. I hope you and
your families are staying safe and healthy during these extraordinary times.

You may have noticed from our slide presentation we are taking a very different approach compared to
our traditional quarterly earnings call format in order to focus our discussion on addressing the impacts
from the COVID-19 pandemic as well as the steps we have taken as a company to partially mitigate the
financial impacts and position the company to capitalize on the eventual recovery.

Although we have withdrawn our guidance for the year, I will provide some color commentary on how we
are thinking about the second half later in the call. And we'll allow plenty of time for your questions. Let's
get started on Slide 3.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Clearly, we are navigating through unprecedented times. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has had
profound impacts on the way we live our daily lives and the way companies run their businesses. We
believe most of these impacts are largely transitory, but the dramatic slowdown in global economic
conditions presents very real challenges. However, I can assure you that Johnson Controls has stepped
up to the challenge, taking decisive actions to manage through this crisis day by day. We also have many
opportunities to assist our communities and customers, which we will discuss.

Protecting the health and well-being of our employees, customers and communities in which we live and
work has always been a top priority at Johnson Controls. That is never more apparent than in times of
crises like the one we are facing today.

In anticipation of a deepening pandemic, we activated our business continuity plan, including a crisis
command team, led by our Employee Health and Safety division and comprised of regional leaders and
members of my Executive Committee. This team has been working day and night to ensure the safety
of our employees and quickly implemented policies and procedures, ensuring our factories, facilities and
offices could operate safely and effectively. Although we are still managing through various disruptions to
our normal workflow as the virus rapidly spread, we have remained fiercely committed to supporting our
customers, partners and other stakeholders, including ensuring the uninterrupted operations of essential
and critical infrastructure vital to combating this pandemic. I'd be remiss if I did not start by saying I
couldn't be more proud of the way our employees around the globe have responded to this crisis since day
1.

Our teams have been fixtures on the front lines, helping to design and build temporary hospitals in Wuhan
in the earliest days, maintaining the essential and critical infrastructure of our customers everywhere
in supporting government leaders around the world. We have provided filtration materials using the
development of replaceable respirators. And our dedicated employees have volunteered their time and
skills serving their communities.

Johnson Controls has been at the heart of response efforts from the beginning. And from my perspective,
the level of cross-function collaboration, compassion and partnership has been truly extraordinary. That
said, we have also had to make some difficult but necessary decisions and took decisive actions in order to
mitigate the pressure that built over the course of a quarter as a result of COVID-19.

Over the last few weeks, we have initiated significant actions to permanently lower our cost structure and
strengthen our competitive position, which are based on the various scenario analyses we have conducted.

From a balance sheet and liquidity standpoint, we entered the crisis on strong footing. Over the course
of the last 12 months, using a portion of the Power Solutions proceeds, we took significant steps to
strengthen our balance sheet, paying down over $5 billion in gross debt and maintaining higher levels of
cash on hand with virtually no reliance on commercial paper.

With respect to liquidity, we are in very good shape: sufficient cash on the balance sheet and access to
additional credit should we need it. Brian will provide more details on some of the actions we have taken
to further enhance our already strong liquidity to ensure we maintain plenty of financial flexibility as we
move forward. From a capital deployment standpoint, we are committed to maintaining our dividend given
our strong balance sheet and liquidity positions.

Turning to Slide 4. Our action today will ensure we redefine the new norm to capitalize on the recovery.
Aside from protecting our employees, one of the most pressing focus areas for us in terms of our
emergency response during the current pandemic has been supporting our health care customers. Health
care is about a $4 billion end market for Johnson Controls globally, offering end-to-end capabilities with
a substantial global footprint and a history of deep industry expertise and digital innovation. It is more
important than ever that we have healthy buildings, and Johnson Controls is a leader in this area.

We have been working with our customers in all regions of the world to rapidly increase patient capacity,
whether by converting existing patient rooms to negative-pressure isolation units or converting unused
infrastructure to isolation units; to enhanced communications by deploying temporary wireless nurse
call systems as well as real-time equipment tracking solutions; maximizing safety for staff and patients,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

including cloud-based visitor management systems, touchless credentials and thermal imaging cameras to
assess occupants' temperatures; as well as prioritizing service and maintenance of essential infrastructure.

We have been responding in record time. In Wuhan, for example, our teams in China were able to install
and integrate critical systems for an additional 860-bed expansion facility within 8 days. And we did the
same in New York City, where our team worked hand-in-hand with the U.S. Army Corp of Engineers to
build a 1,000-plus-bed emergency health care center in 21 days.

Next, on Slide 5. As we begin supporting our customers' recovery plans, the feedback we have received
over the last several weeks indicate how COVID-19 has the potential to have lasting impacts to our
cities, buildings and infrastructure. More resilient or flexible building space will be required to adapt to
changing capacity or utilization needs. Safer environments will be created through seamless combinations
of occupant screening, tracing and credential management and more sophisticated ventilation systems.
Touchless or frictionless access, lighting and temperature controls will be implemented to minimize cross-
contamination and enhance the user experience.

Remote monitoring and service delivery, including condition-based maintenance, will significantly increase.
These types of solutions are being deployed in some of our marquee projects today, and the list of ideas
and offerings continues to expand.

I won't spend the time to go through each of these, but these are several examples of the rapid solution
innovation that have taken place over the last couple of months. By closely engaging with our customers,
we were able to create unique solutions to meet their immediate needs by leveraging the strength and
breadth of our existing product portfolio.

I view these past 10-plus weeks as a testament to the strength of our business model and further
validation of our strategies around digital transformation and building partner ecosystems.

Let's move to Slide 6. As the pressure from COVID-19 began to mount, we quickly instituted a set of
immediate cost control actions across the enterprise to help mitigate the near-term financial impacts,
eliminating all discretionary spend, suspending nonessential business travel and decreasing contract labor
and contingent workforces.

As that pressure continued to spread, we moved into the next phase of our playbook by implementing
mandatory unpaid time-off and furloughs for all salaried employees and flexing our hourly workforce while
executing permanent cost structure changes.

Turning to Slide 7. This is a quick look at the status of our major manufacturing regions. As you can see, it
is a fairly mixed picture. Though there are a couple of isolated plant shutdowns, North America and EMEA
remain in relatively good shape, running near-normal capacity. China continues to ramp back up. Our 2
primary facilities are now fully operational, and we continue to monitor the progress there and in other
parts of Asia.

We do have a couple of issues with plant shutdowns in Mexico and India within the last couple of weeks.
Along with some of our peers, we are leading an effort, working closely with local authorities, and would
expect those to be back up and running over the next week or so.

Japan is in good shape now, but there's another -- that's another country we continue to monitor closely
as we are not completely out of the woods yet.

That said, we are using this downturn as an opportunity to take more aggressive actions to reduce our
cost structure long term, including consolidating portions of our manufacturing network. The same can be
said with respect to our supply chain management. Efforts to establish redundant capacity in multiple low-
cost regions, dual-qualified suppliers, reduction of SKU complexity and influencing our major suppliers to
diversify their footprint have been underway.

These efforts were expanded with the announcements of tariffs in 2018 and are accelerating further now.

In the initial stages of this pandemic, our existing continuity plans allowed us to mitigate a significant
amount of supply chain risk, and we were able to apply the lessons learned in China to drive preemptive

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

actions to reduce the impact to other affected regions. And we are now working with our suppliers to plan
for the recovery.

Turning to Slide 8. In the spirit of full transparency, we wanted to provide you with an estimate of the net
impact of COVID-19 in the quarter. I won't spend time going through each line in detail, but clearly, you
can see we had a fairly material top line headwind of around $375 million. That includes the impacts to
our Asia Pac and Global Products businesses as a result of the shutdown in China as well as the spread to
parts of Europe and the U.S., which began to ramp in March as regional lockdowns went into place across
the various countries.

As a result of some of the quick cost actions we implemented in anticipation of steep declines in demand
in both the businesses and Corporate, we were able to hold the net impact of COVID-19 to about a 25%
decremental. At the EPS level, we offset the $0.10 gross impact with $0.04 of cost and other actions
for a net impact of $0.05 to $0.07, which is basically in line with what we shared with you during our
conference presentation in mid-March.

Turning now to Slide 9 for a quick recap of the financial results in the quarter. Sales of $5.4 billion declined
5% on an organic basis. Within the field businesses, total service revenues grew 1% in the quarter as
strength in North America and EMEALA was offset by a decline in Asia Pac.

Adjusted EBIT margin held flat with last year on an organic basis at 8.1% despite the volume decline as
a result of both ongoing productivity and synergies and COVID-related cost actions taken in the quarter.
Adjusted EBIT of $440 million declined 4% on an organic basis. Adjusted EPS of $0.42 increased 31%
over the prior year as the benefit of synergies and productivity savings, lower net financing charges and
aggressive share repurchase year-to-date more than offset the headwinds from COVID-19. Adjusted free
cash was just over $150 million in the quarter, in line with our normal seasonal pattern, bringing the year-
to-date total to approximately $100 million.

With that, I will turn it over to Brian to discuss our performance in a little more detail.

Brian J. Stief
Vice Chairman, Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, George, and good morning, everyone. So let's start with a quick look at our year-over-year EPS
bridge on Slide 10. Volume and mix, including the estimated sales impact from COVID-19 of $350 million
to $390 million, was a $0.10 headwind, and this was offset by $0.04 of mitigating actions and a $0.02
tailwind in noncontrolling interest as a result of the lower earnings in our consolidated Hitachi JV. The net
$0.05 to $0.07 estimated EPS COVID impact we discussed on Slide 8 is included in these 3 columns.

As expected, synergies and productivity save, net financing charges and share count were tailwinds in the
quarter.

So moving to Slide 11 for a quick look at our balance sheet position. As a result of planned capital
deployment actions in the quarter, net debt was up roughly $900 million sequentially due primarily to
share repurchases in the quarter. We remain in a very strong position with net debt-to-EBITDA leverage
less than 2x, still below our target range of 2 to 2.5x, and we ended the quarter with over $1 billion in
cash.

Turning to Slide 12. Let's take a look at some of the proactive steps we've taken to further bolster our
balance sheet position and enhance liquidity. I would point out that in the quarter, we repaid a $500
million bond, which matured in March, with existing cash. In April, we opportunistically raised a total of
$1.25 billion in shorter-term debt through $650 million in European financing arrangements and $575
million from our current bank group, and I will just point out these were pretty attractive rates in this
environment.

From a strategic standpoint, these arrangements allow us to maintain a flexible capital structure and also
provides an additional cash buffer as we work through what we expect to be a challenging period over
the next few quarters. Additionally, as a reminder, we have 2 undrawn revolving credit facilities, which
together amount to another $3 billion in available credit.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

As you know, substantially all of our free cash flow generation occurs over the next 2 quarters, and this
provides additional support to our strong liquidity position as we navigate through this difficult period.

Further, I would point out that in mid-March, we suspended our planned share repurchase program with
approximately $700 million remaining on our original $2.2 billion target for fiscal '20. And additionally,
we'll continue to be very aggressive in managing our CapEx spend through the remainder of this year.

So in summary, given all of these actions, we are well positioned to refinance our upcoming debt
maturities, including the potential use of our active shelf registration statement.

So let's turn to Slide 13. Q2 was another solid quarter with adjusted free cash flow of roughly $150
million, bringing our year-to-date free cash flow to approximately $100 million, which is in line with our
normal seasonal pattern. For the full year, given the decline in net income from COVID, accompanying
with other cash accelerations we're taking in response to COVID, we now expect to achieve greater than
100% free cash flow conversion for the year. In addition, I would just note that given our planned Q3
restructuring actions in response to COVID-19, the onetime cash outflows of $300 million will be adjusted
as appropriate on our Q3 call.

So let's move to Slide 14 for a look at our consolidated segment results. Sales were down 5% organically,
again primarily due to the impact of COVID-19, which had the most significant impact in the quarter on
our businesses in APAC and Global Products. Segment EBITDA of $619 million declined 7% organically.
Synergies and productivity save as well as the immediate cost actions we took in the quarter were more
than offset by the volume declines we saw related to COVID-19. And then lastly, Q1 segment EBITDA
margin contracted by 20 basis points to 11.4%. And if you take a look at the margin waterfall, you can
see that volume and mix declined 120 basis points versus the prior year, which was due primarily to
COVID-19. However, this was offset by 60 basis points of COVID mitigation actions in the quarter.

I would highlight that our gross margin in the quarter expanded 120 basis points year-over-year to
33.1%, and this was driven primarily by productivity and synergy save and pricing. We continue to realize
our planned synergy and productivity save, which is in addition to the COVID actions in the quarter, and
this contributed another 50 basis points.

So moving to Slide 15. Given the COVID-19 impacts, we have consolidated our key segment results onto
one page. And in the interest of time and to get to your questions, I won't go through this information in
as much detail as I normally do. However, we have included all of the details we would typically provide
related to subsegment organic growth in the appendix.

I would like to highlight a few items for each segment. North America was flat from a top line perspective
as low growth in HVAC & Controls and high single-digit growth in Performance Solutions was offset by
declines in retail and Fire & Security. EMEALA revenues declined 1% organically with continued strength
in Industrial Refrigeration, more than offset by declines in HVAC & controls and, to a lesser extent, Fire
& Security. Asia Pac, which was hit the hardest, was down 14%, led by systems insulations down 20%
primarily as a result of the widespread shutdowns across China in the quarter.

Finally, Global Products revenue declined 8% organically primarily due to low double-digit decline in our
HVAC and refrigeration portfolio. The largest decline was seen in residential HVAC and was driven by a
significant decline in our Hitachi business as a result of shutdowns in countries like Japan.

Overall, orders for our field businesses declined 7% organically year-over-year. Through February,
order trends have been tracking to the mid-single-digit growth, which was more than offset by the
sharp declines we saw in March across all regions. Our backlog of $9 billion at March 31 increased 4%
organically year-over-year.

And then finally on Page 16, Corporate expense declined 21% year-over-year in the quarter.

With that, I'll turn the call back over to George to discuss the framework for the second half of our fiscal
year.

George R. Oliver

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Brian. Let me spend a few minutes on our thoughts for the second half of our fiscal year on Slide
17.

We are planning for an organic revenue decline in a range of 15% to 20% with the most significant impact
expected in Q3. As I mentioned, we have taken numerous actions, both temporary and permanent in
nature, to help mitigate the financial impact. The benefit of these actions will keep the net decrementals
on the revenue decline in the low 20s, which speaks to the value of the mitigating actions we are taking.
It is important to keep in mind that the $400 million to $450 million of mitigating actions are in addition
to the $150 million of synergies and productivity we have committed for the year, of which $80 million is
expected to be delivered in the second half.

Our focus is on controlling what we can control, and that is ensuring we are financially and strategically
well positioned when we exit this crisis. The permanent actions we have taken will ensure we have a
lean cost structure while protecting our product and channel investments to lead the new norm as we go
forward.

As the largest pure-play buildings provider, we are leading the change to provide more resilient and
flexible building spaces, safer environments, touchless or frictionless access and remote monitoring service
delivery. This, combined with our position as a leader in intelligent and sustainable building solutions,
enables us to deliver the outcomes that matter most to our customers.

The depth and breadth of our product portfolio, combined with proven expertise and an expansive global
footprint, provides us with a unique advantage as the evolution of the built environment accelerates.
With that, operator, please open up the lines for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

We will now begin our question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from
Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Good morning, everyone. Hope you're all well. Just, like, 2 from me real quickly. George, we did see a
pretty abrupt impact on your orders. And obviously, this is an unprecedented-type situation. But I wonder
if you could spend a little time on what the forward order kind of horizon looks like. Is there wavering in
the pipeline? How are people feeling about kind of new construction projects? Obviously, the backlog is
nice and gives you some support for a while. But just wondering what's kind of on the new horizon to kind
of backfill on the backlog.

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Let me start, Jeff, by just giving my thoughts on the non-resi construction, and then I'll give you kind
of a sense on where we are here in April.

We are tracking the macro trends in third-party data closely. I would say that we had incredible
discussions with our customers in understanding what their plans are. I would say that through -- as we
look at our order pipeline, although it's still up, it has moved to the right, purely timing, what I would
say about a quarter. Certainly, because of that, it is what drove us to take the actions that we're taking
now, both temporary as well as the permanent cost -- the cost structure changes. And I do believe that
there will be some continued disruptions here, which we have limited visibility today. But I think it's kind
of tough to look beyond the next 6 to 9 months.

I believe short term, our backlog position, as Brian discussed, positions us here to bridge the gap. And
if I were to play out what's happened here, when I look at Q2, we did have a demand air pocket. It
started certainly in China, Hong Kong, Japan, some of our larger markets in Asia Pac. And then with the
shutdowns that occurred in North America and EMEALA, that continued, and we see that continuing here
in third quarter.

We did see an impact on service a bit, but that was mainly because of sites being shut down. We do
expect that to come back pretty well here as we get through the quarter.

So as we laid out our plan, based on what we learned in the second half of March, obviously we looked
at April and we said orders would potentially be down somewhere kind of high teens, 20%. Based on
the daily activity that I've seen, and we're watching this every day, it's coming in at about that level.
What I would say within that, Asia Pac is better. And so what you can see in the pipeline and the orders
suggest that, that will get back to a more normal by the fourth quarter. And so that is encouraging based
on what we're seeing happening in APAC. But certainly, as you would expect, with all of the shutdowns
that occurred in EMEALA as well as in North America, until our customers come back to work and we're
actively engaging with them, it's hard to put a clearer picture together. But based on the interactions I've
seen, I am fairly confident that over the next 3 months, we'll see continued improvement. So although it's
kind of high teens orders in April, that'll continue to prove as -- improve as we go through the second half.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

And maybe a follow-up. Maybe it's for Brian. But on the $400 million to $450 million of cost reductions,
how much of that is kind of structural in nature that we could kind of think about carrying over into next
fiscal year?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So as you would expect, we started early. What we saw happening in China, obviously, we have a
big footprint there, and so we began immediate actions. Now some of the actions are temporary such as
unpaid time off, furloughs, other employee compensation, reduced travel. You can imagine all of those
actions. And then the other is looking at this from a structural standpoint that we've been able to now
proceed with and will have a much bigger impact as we move forward.

As we look at the world today and what has happened, what I would tell you, it has really changed the
way we're working virtually. And very quickly, we had all of our salaried teams working remotely with full
security as well as access to Microsoft Teams and the like so we could stay engaged. And so with all of that
happening, as we look going forward, it gives us opportunities to think differently and think about our cost
structure and ultimately enhance our productivity.

And so as you look at the actions we took of the $400 million to $450 million of the mitigating actions
expected to come through in the second half, about 80% are temporary. And then the other impact in the
quarter are the structural actions that we're taking, recognizing that though that's only one -- it's only
really the benefit of about 1 quarter. Then as you project that in 2021, we actually have a margin structure
that with the volumes that we're anticipating, that we'll actually have a better margin structure.

And when you look at the buckets of cost, you'll see about 60% is comp and ben, and that's the result of
the furloughs and other employee comp and some of the restructuring. You've got 30% that's in indirect
spend and about 10% in facilities, Jeff.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Thanks for all the detail on the breakout and all these costs. Lots of big numbers being thrown out there,
temporary. You guys seem to be doing some structural stuff as well. So that seems to be a positive.

Any color at all on kind of how this 15% to 20% breaks down kind of quarter-to-quarter? Or should we
just assume that it's within a band kind of stable for third and fourth quarter?

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So Steve, as we looked at the third and fourth quarter and tried to model this on how it's going to
play out based on what we learned in March. Certainly, the larger impact will be in Q3, and that's -- we're
tracking -- Asia Pac will be better because they're now in the recovery mode. But as you look at EMEALA
and North America, April will be the toughest month, and then it'll continue to get better through the
quarter. But if you look at the 2 quarters, the larger impact is going to be in Q3. And so that's why we --
as we saw this happening, we took the actions that we took very proactively with the temporary actions
and then really then went into the next phase of our permanent cost reductions, which is going to play
out well not only in the second half, but it'll set us up well for 2021. And that's what gets us to the net
decrementals to be in the low 20s in the second half. And then when you look at that, combined with the
-- that combines with the addition of the $150 million of the planned synergies and productivity that we'll
achieve for the year, and about $80 million of that is actually in the second half of the year.

Brian J. Stief
Vice Chairman, Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Steve, just to help you with the models as well then below the decrementals, I mean, we continue to
take a hard look at our corporate cost structure and have taken additional actions really as a result of the
COVID situation. So our corporate expense now, which original guidance was $330 million to $340 million,
we would now be in that $265 million to $275 million range. And then for net financing costs, even though

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

we've taken on some more debt since we suspended our share repurchase program, those 2 pretty much
offset. So net financing costs, we're going to retain at that $245 million to $255 million level.

And then when you look at minority interest or noncontrolling interest, as a result of some of the
pressures that we're seeing in our Hitachi JV, our original guide for noncontrolling interest was $210
million to $220 million, and we're moving that down now to $150 million to $170 million given the
pressure we're seeing in Hitachi. So those are kind of 3 below-the-line items that will be helpful to you as
you update your models.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. Very helpful. Just one last one for me. So if you're down at kind of the lower end of the range of
that in 3Q, kind of the 15% to 20%, I mean, does that mean like install-related stuff? Because I would
think services would maybe hold up a little better or maybe there are some shutdown impacts. Maybe
that's the difference. But does that mean install is down like in the 30s?

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

No. No. When you look at our -- the way this plays out is the install -- the pressure on install is actually
access to sites and all the shutdowns that have occurred in EMEALA. It started in China. So when you
look at what happened in China in the second quarter, our install was down about 30%, I believe, or
thereabouts. And so that will be coming back in third quarter and fourth quarter.

When you look at service in Asia Pac, it was down about 7%. Now that was -- a lot of that is purely
because of access to facilities in the sites that we provide service to.

When you look at EMEALA and North America, certainly that started at the end of March, and that's
continuing through April. So we do see an impact, like I said, starting out. And when I gave those previous
numbers, those were orders. As far as revenue, we'll be similarly at the higher end of the decline here in
April, but we believe that, that will sequentially get better as the quarter plays out.

And so install is mainly access to sites, and then service was purely temporary because of the shutdowns.
But we believe that, that will -- April will be the toughest and will get better monthly on a go-forward
basis.

Operator

Our next question comes from Scott Davis with Melius Research.

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

Just kind of curious, George, a couple of your comments about just what perhaps the building customer
may do going forward from a -- whether it's UV light or filtration or some sort of retrofit to perhaps just
improve the air quality of the building. Is that -- is it too early to have those conversations with your
customers? Is it just everybody just scrambling to stay alive right now? Or -- and is that a real theme, do
you think, that there'll be a fair amount of spend that needs to occur to clean the air?

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Yes, Scott. What I would say is we're in very active engagements with our customers in defining what the
new norm is going to be and what technology can do to ultimately address some of the new challenges.
Some of what you discussed is absolutely front and center. Initially, it's as simple as adding IR scanners
so that we can do temperature checks and the like. It's sanitation, it's enhanced filtration and other
technologies that can ultimately drive purification of the air.

What I talked about in my prepared remarks, I would categorize it in 4 key buckets. What we learned
in this hospital response and this health care response is I think there's a view that space is going to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

be much more flexible, and that's across verticals. And what can be done to create flexible space, it's
going to be safer environment, as you say, not only the air purification but then touchless and frictionless,
everything within buildings and infrastructure. What I would say is it's going to be more automation. That
ties to more automation, which ultimately plays to our strength. So those are the trends.

And I would tell you, Scott, that very actively engaged with other CEOs and a bunch of our customers
in really defining what the new norm will be. And then from an innovation standpoint, we're already
deploying resources, very actively working in partnership with our customers to be able to deliver on these
type of solutions.

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

Okay. That sounds interesting. So just a somewhat separate, less positive topic. Just when you think about
your backlog, is there a certain percentage of it you'd consider kind of high risk like hotels, things like
that, that just -- the projects just may not get off the ground in the next few years?

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

So right out of the gate, we have really gone through all of the backlog, recognizing that there's going to
be some industries that are going to be extremely challenged given what the impact that this has had.
And I would tell you that most of what we've seen from that has been where projects have been pushed to
the right. And so although -- we've seen short term the inability to convert, although I would tell you the
activity is still very high. We've had thousands of customer engagements via video meetings on continuing
to stay engaged and ultimately executing on their demand and being able to support them. And so when I
look at the backlog where it was actually up 4%, and that's purely because of the way how things played
out from a revenue turn standpoint, I believe that -- and the pipeline is actually up, that although there'll
be some that are going to be delayed and potentially canceled because of the state of the industry, I think
that there's new demand that's backfilling that that's coming into the pipeline as fast given what we see
today.

Brian J. Stief
Vice Chairman, Executive VP & CFO

I would just add to that. We have done a backlog review of the $9 billion or so. And as George said,
sitting here today, we have not seen a significant number of cancellations. We've seen more delays versus
cancellations. So it's something we monitor every month in the ops meetings that we have with our
business units, and we'll keep a close eye on it.

Operator

Our next question comes from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research.

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Hope everyone is well. Just -- so I want to go back to the second half outlook. Recognizing that the 15%
to 20% is a planning range, could you maybe just -- I mean, I think Steve might have tried -- kind of
dug into this a little bit, but what -- how do you see service within that 15% to 20%? And if you could
break out how you view your fire versus security versus HVAC service within that kind of range you put
out there.

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So we look at -- well, I'll give you a sense on Q2 and then how that continues to play out here over
the third and fourth quarter. When you look at products, let's start with products, down 8% in Q2, we'll
continue at a -- that'll be a little bit worse and worse in Q3 mainly because of the residential HVAC, which
we talked about in the prepared remarks. And then when you look at the mix of that, it'll be pretty much

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

across all of the domains, although BMS is actually holding up pretty well. Our digital businesses are
holding up well. So most of the decline is being driven by HVAC as well as Fire & Security.

When you look at the field, the field was down 3%. Service was up 1%, but that was with North America
and EMEALA up, offset with the decline in Asia Pac, down 7%.

And so as I said earlier, I believe that service -- we will see some short-term impacts in service even in
EMEALA and North America here over the next 1 to 2 months. But I believe that the service, based on our
backlog and the demand from L&M, that'll continue to come back over time.

On the install side, as I said, we have a good backlog and purely -- right now, it's purely because of the
shutdowns that's impacting our ability to be able to convert the installed revenue.

And so as we saw, as I said, it's going to start off at the higher end of that impact. In some cases, maybe
a little bit worse because even in China, we saw our install get impacted by 30% with the complete
shutdown. But as that goes forward, with more access to customer sites and to projects, we see that
continuing to improve through the quarter with service coming back sooner than the total install.

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

So would you expect to -- so to be within that range or at the low end? Or would it be below the low end
of that 15%?

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So Nigel, as everyone, we're trying to project what we see happening. This is really based on
what we've seen in the last few weeks. I am encouraged that because we've been deemed essential,
everywhere we work across the globe, recognize that we've stayed pretty much in operations. Although
we've had some disruptions, we've maintained our operations because of the criticality of what we do
supporting our customers. And so most of the impact is purely because we haven't had the access to be
able to perform what we do at customer sites. And so a lot of it's dependent on that and how countries
open up and how businesses open up and sites open up. So it's really dependent on that, Nigel. But based
on what we see here in April, I'm encouraged, based on what we've provided for a framework, that we're
in line with that.

Brian J. Stief
Vice Chairman, Executive VP & CFO

And another...

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. Now I recognize...

Brian J. Stief
Vice Chairman, Executive VP & CFO

I think another way to think about that, Nigel, is our service business is roughly what, 25%, 30% of the
consolidated. We're giving a range here of 15% to 20% enterprise-wide. And then -- so if you look at that
and say our products business is about $8 billion, our service business is $6 billion and the remaining is
the install piece, I think the service decline is going to be lower than the 15% to 20% range we're giving
and then install will be higher, a bit higher on the high end. And then products is just somewhat dependent
upon how we ramp up in some of our manufacturing facilities. George mentioned in his comments that
right now, we're in pretty good shape. We're monitoring some things in Mexico and India, but some of it
is dependent upon how quickly we can ramp back up from a manufacturing standpoint. So the 15% to
20% is intended to be kind of a broad guidepost here. But service would be lower on the low end or lower
certainly than the 15% to 20% range.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. Yes, that's what I was trying to get to. So obviously recognizing that there's not a lot of definite
points here on the numbers. But George, can you quickly just address in China and Asia Pacific in April
which businesses you've seen spring back quickly and which businesses have still somewhat depressed?

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

So when you look at Asia Pac in total, it's pretty mixed. Starting with China, most companies are back to
work. I wouldn't say things are back to total normal, but I'd say probably in the 80% to 90% area, and
we're coming back nicely. We've seen some nice pickup in orders and activity there. Obviously, there are
still travel restrictions within the country.

We are watching -- what I would say, we're watching a couple of other areas closely, Singapore and India,
because of the current lockdowns, and there are some pressures there. So -- and when you look at our
headquarters, we're back full operations at our headquarters in Shanghai.

So overall, I think it's -- we're using that as a model and understanding how that plays out across these
other countries. We do expect to see continued challenges in the region in the second half of the year with
the larger impact in Q3.

If you look at specifically your question on China, I would say that the biggest impact -- as I said earlier,
overall, it's about 6% of our consolidated revenue. The revenues were down about 35% organically in
the field, in the field-based businesses, and a lot of this was driven by our install business in China. But
even with that, the good news there is with the work we've done around gross margins, with pricing and
productivity. Our margins are up nicely. And so on a go-forward basis, we feel good with the recovery
that's going to play out there. And that seems to be happening as we sit here today through April. And so
we're somewhat encouraged by that trend.

Now on products, we also have had the impact in products. It's about 5% of the total segment. As Brian
talked about, we do have our facilities back and running. The customers are coming back up, but it's not a
-- I wouldn't say it's at 100%, but it's encouraging that the activity has picked up pretty significantly here
over the last few weeks.

Operator

Our next question comes from Julian Mitchell with Barclays.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Maybe just following up on that mix aspect. So is it fair to assume that your decremental margin outlook
for the second half, that should be embedding or could be embedding a fairly handsome margin mix
tailwind just because service is down a lot less than installed? And maybe just clarify that. And also,
how are you seeing the discipline on pricing across service, install and products in terms of maybe the
marketplace as well as your own discipline in pricing practices?

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

So let me start with the first question there, Julian. The -- when we talked about in the quarter and
second quarter install was down greater than service in Asia Pac, and that was true as well as in North
America and EMEALA, so that -- where we had a little bit of mix here in the quarter come through because
service was down less than install. When you look at on a go-forward basis, that will probably still be true
as it plays out, right, so that the install will be -- there'll be pressure there. With the install coming back,
service, we believe, will come back quicker, but we've seen pressure in both.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

When you talk about pricing, we have been very successful in continuing to execute on price. For the
year, we're still expecting about 1 point on the top line coming through our price realization, and that has
continued even through this period of time with the pandemic.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

That's helpful. And then my second question, really just around the free cash flow conversion. So you've
raised that guidance for the year. Maybe I missed it, but if you could clarify perhaps what's changed on
the capital spending front for fiscal '20 and how confident you are that you'll be able to get those sizable
working capital cash tailwinds in the second half. Are you seeing payment terms proving fairly regular?
And is it easy to manage that balance of receivables and payables?

Brian J. Stief
Vice Chairman, Executive VP & CFO

So the free cash flow conversion going now from 95% to greater than 100% is really a function of the
net income pressure we're going to see in the second half. As it relates to the metrics, I would tell you
at the end of the second quarter, trade working capital as a percentage of sales, we saw a 10 basis
point improvement year-over-year. So not as much as we saw in the first quarter but still we continue
to make progress. It is an area we're watching very closely in today's environment. I think DSO was
flat in the quarter, and it's an area that we're watching very close as we move forward. But I think with
the policies and practices that we've got in place now through our cash management office, it's going
to be a challenging environment from a cash flow standpoint. We'll manage our trade working capital
appropriately, and we feel pretty good about landing someplace north of 100% right now.

Operator

Our next question comes from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs.

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Hope you're all well. George, maybe my first question. I know that a couple of people have touched on
this service-versus-install piece. But clearly, like, the services business has held up better in China during
the COVID-19 shutdowns. And clearly, from an install perspective, you need to be on premise.

I guess the question that I think we're trying to understand is, from a service perspective, how much of
the business is -- does not need to be on premise? How much of it is kind of subscription based and can
be more resilient in this downturn?

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So getting back to the service, service held up in Asia Pac better than the overall install. And in China,
it was down almost in line with the install but coming back faster, if I misled you there. And so when we
look at now -- and it's mainly because of access to facilities and sites that we provide service to. The rest
of it -- overall Asia, that only impacted overall Asia being down 7% with our install in Asia down even
greater than that in total. So just to clarify on the first question.

And then the second part, what -- could you repeat that?

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Yes. Yes. I guess the second part really was how much of the business was -- how much do you have
to be on-premise for service for you to generate service revenue versus how much of it is potentially
subscription based, more resilient and you don't necessarily need to be on-premise? And just is there a
portion of it that is a little bit more resilient that is not location?

Antonella Franzen

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

VP and Chief Investor Relations & Communications Officer

Hey, George, why don't you let me jump in on this one a little bit?

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Yes.

Antonella Franzen
VP and Chief Investor Relations & Communications Officer

So Joe, I think one way to think about it is when you look at our total service revenue, about half of it is
performance service agreements and the other half would be more nonrecurring time and material and
things of that nature.

Now clearly, when you look at that part that's performance service arrangements, some of that is going
to still require to be on premise, but some of it will be remote like monitoring and such. So I mean, don't
have it all to that level of detail, but that's one split you can think of as you're trying to think about the
piece that's more resilient.

And to the point you made earlier, I mean, if you take the performance in APAC during the quarter, clearly
you can see that service held in better than the install side of the business. Even if you take a look at
the global financial recession in the '08, '09 period, you would see something very similar to that as well.
Service went down but clearly not to the extent that install did. So your point well taken, service is much
more defensive, particularly in this type of environment and will definitely hold up better.

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Helpful. And if I could maybe just follow up with Brian. Just from a balance sheet perspective, obviously,
suspending -- you're suspending the buyback at this point. I guess just from a timing standpoint, how
would you guys think about reinstituting a buyback and being a little bit more aggressive with capital
deployment from here?

Brian J. Stief
Vice Chairman, Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think the current plan is we'll continue to hold off on the buyback through the end of this year, and
we think that's a prudent thing to do, and we'll reevaluate it as we think about 2021.

But at this point in time, I would tell you that as far as your models and so forth, I wouldn't assume any
buyback for the remainder of fiscal '20.

Operator

Our next question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz with Citi.

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

I hope you're well. George, how are you thinking about your Fire & Security businesses in general moving
forward? When you look at APAC field, it was down 14%. But when you see Fire & Security in the field,
down only low single digits. So how are you thinking about these businesses, which should be less cyclical
than the rest of your portfolio versus that second half guide of down 15% to 20%?

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Yes. The field -- when you look at Fire & Security for the quarter, the Fire & Security products were only
down low single digits, and it was a mix. What really drove that was fire suppression, and a lot of that was

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

just timing of projects. And on the field, we're down about 2%, and that was low single digits, and it was
spread across the regions.

Now when you play that out, we're going to see similar-type impacts in the third quarter -- third and
fourth quarter relative to the shutdowns and how that plays out. But it is a higher mix of service. So
you see less of an impact in total because of that, and that's what we've got modeled. We've got -- the
businesses have been performing well in spite of the challenges that we faced, and we're prepared to
continue to execute.

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

That's helpful. And maybe the opposite of that is if I just look at applied and HVAC, in products, it was
down mid-teens in Q2. I guess most of that was APAC-related weakness. But does that suggest applied to
be down more than 15%, 20%? Maybe you can give us your outlook and sort of what you're seeing there
sort of larger projects? Are they just sort of getting deferred right now?

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Yes. If you look at commercial applied HVAC, revenue was down mid-single digits, and it's mainly driven
by the Asia Pac decline being down high teens. And that was the bulk of it. When you look at orders.
About the same. It was down low single digits, and it's mainly driven by APAC and the full impact that we
saw in the quarter because of the virus.

And so as we look at our pipeline, we really -- as Brian said, we were trending pretty well on our secured
orders right through February in EMEALA and in North America, and that was true with applied. And so
with the impact here, we think it's temporary. The pipeline is still there. Some of the pipeline is being
pushed to the right because of the timing of projects. But we still feel very good about our position, what
we see in the pipeline and our ability to be able to convert now obviously pushed to the right.

Antonella Franzen
VP and Chief Investor Relations & Communications Officer

And Andy, just one thing to jump in here. If you think about the criticality of the things we do, both within
Fire & Security and HVAC, clearly both very important, especially in the environment we're currently in.
I think the important point is what George said, is there is a higher mix in service in the Fire & Security
business versus HVAC. So to that point, as service will hold up better, that kind of gives you an indication
of the 2 different platforms.

Operator

Our last question comes from John Walsh with Crédit Suisse.

John Fred Walsh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Maybe just as a follow-up to that question. Just wanted to know what you were -- I think you talked about
the health care vertical earlier. I wanted to know what you were hearing on kind of more of the public
side, whether that's municipality, federal and maybe also education, if you're -- if that's part of where that
pushing to the right is, if decisions are being slower coming out of those verticals, how you're thinking
about that.

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Yes. What we've seen there -- short term, we've seen a push to the right within those projects also. We
do believe we have a pipeline now of new projects that are coming in based on the way that we have
responded to the crisis and creating new capacity and new capabilities. And so there is a lot of new
projects that have been identified. But when you look at the overall project base, it's been pushed to the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

right, similar to what we've said with some of our other backlog. I do believe that there's going to be some
stimulus here in the institutional verticals relative to what's going to happen with the new norm, as we
discussed earlier, what's going to be required to get these facilities back and operating.

So we see an opportunity there, although we're in the early stages of that. And so that's something we're
going to watch closely because I think based on what we do in the buildings that we support, I think
there's going to be a lot more opportunities. That all being said, I think there's going to be some financial
constraints. And so we're going to have to watch that closely as this plays out.

Antonella Franzen
VP and Chief Investor Relations & Communications Officer

George, do you want to make a couple of closing comments?

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Just to wrap up the call, I want to thank everyone again for joining our call this morning. We are
-- as you know, we're navigating through these challenging times very well. We're well positioned, both
financially and strategically, to capitalize on the recovery as it plays out. And again, I hope that you
and your families remain safe, and I look forward to speaking with many of you soon. So operator, that
concludes our call.

Operator
Thank you for your participation in today's conference. Please disconnect at this time.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

