Johnson Controls International plc 

NYSE:JCI
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, July 31, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.48

0.67

Revenue  (mm)

5112.88

5343.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-27-2020 1:00 PM GMT

39.58

4.50

0.64

1.95

2.20

5458.68

21589.79

22469.08

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

0.76

0.38

0.36

0.48

0.78

0.40

0.42

0.67

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2.63 %

5.26 %

16.67 %

39.58 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 31, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Antonella Franzen
VP and Chief Investor Relations &
Communications Officer

Brian J. Stief
Vice Chairman, Executive VP &
CFO

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

ANALYSTS

Charles Stephen Tusa
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Deane Michael Dray
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Markus M. H. Mittermaier
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 31, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to Johnson Controls' Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is
being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time.

I will now turn over the call to Antonella Franzen, Vice President and Chief Investor Relations and
Communications Officer.

Antonella Franzen
VP and Chief Investor Relations & Communications Officer

Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls' third quarter
fiscal 2020 results. The press release and all related tables issued earlier this morning as well as the
conference call slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at
johnsoncontrols.com.

Joining me on the call today are Johnson Controls' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, George Oliver;
and our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, Brian Stief.

Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of today's call, we will be providing
certain forward-looking information. We ask that you review today's press release and read through the
forward-looking cautionary informational statements that we've included there.

In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussions, and we ask that you read through
the sections of our press release that address the use of these items. In discussing our results during the
call, references to adjusted earnings per share, EBITA, EBIT and free cash flow exclude restructuring and
integration costs as well as other special items. These metrics are non-GAAP measures and are reconciled
in the schedules attached to our press release and in the appendix to the presentation posted on our
website. Additionally, all comparisons to the prior year are on a continuing ops basis.

GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to Johnson Controls ordinary
shareholders was a loss of $0.24 for the quarter and included a net charge of $0.92 related to special
items primarily driven by a goodwill impairment, restructuring and mark-to-market adjustments.
Excluding these special items, non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations
was $0.67 compared to $0.65 in the prior year quarter.

Now let me turn the call over to George.

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Antonella, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on today's call. I hope you and
your families are continuing to stay healthy and safe.

Before we get into the detailed review of our third quarter results, I'd like to start by providing you with
several highlights and key messages coming out of the quarter on Slide 3. I am extremely pleased with
how we executed in the quarter and have been encouraged by the monthly sequential improvement.
Conditions are beginning to normalize, our facilities are operating at near-normal levels and access to
customer sites is improving or more every day. And although global macro conditions remain challenging
and the political and social climate in many parts of the world remains extraordinarily dynamic, we are
capitalizing on near-term opportunities to engage with our customers as they enhance the health and
safety of their buildings and position ourselves long term as a leader in intelligent building solutions.

As I mentioned last quarter, protecting the health and well-being of our employees, customers and the
communities in which we live and work has been and will always be a top priority at Johnson Controls.
On that front, our crisis response team has been incredibly engaged with our teams across the globe to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 31, 2020

implement the appropriate policies and procedures to ensure safe workplaces while also encouraging our
employees to follow similar protocols at home and in their communities to prevent transmission. These
policies and procedures have proven to be essential in our ability to ramp up and maintain operations
throughout this crisis. I could not be more proud of the leadership and collaboration this team has
demonstrated and the dedication all of our employees have shown to mitigating this risk.

As our customers plan for the safe return of their occupants, we are committed to helping them prepare to
reopen healthy buildings by delivering solutions and support that enhance the safety of their environment
and increases the efficiency of their operations. We have one of the broadest portfolios of innovative
products and solutions that promote building health and optimize customers' infrastructure to support
flexible resilient spaces.

Over the course of the last few months, there has been active engagement with our customers related to
these solutions, particularly indoor air quality, location-based services for contact tracing, thermal cameras
and touchless access control, which are beginning to convert to revenue. Throughout most of the quarter,
all of our field businesses experienced restricted access to customer sites, limiting our ability to perform
service and install work, which was an abnormal phenomenon relative to a typical downturn.

We will discuss orders in more detail in a few minutes, but based on the sequential improvement we saw
in June, we believe orders have bottomed and our pipeline remains solid. We've also seen sequential
improvement in our top line and expect that to continue in the fourth quarter.

On the cost side, we were aggressive in rightsizing our cost structure for the current level of demand,
including both temporary and permanent cost actions, and have increased the expected benefit of these
actions. Free cash flow was another bright spot in the quarter as we generated approximately $800
million, and we are well on track to exceed 100% conversion for the full year. Additionally, we resumed our
share repurchase program and began buying back stock in early July.

In light of the recent events over the last several months, the significance of having an organizational
culture that embeds and promotes a strong adherence to ESG principles has never been more essential.
Sustainability is an integral part of our vision and values at Johnson Controls, and that extends not just
to our environmental practices but to our social and governance practices as well. We have an ambitious
strategy that incorporates sustainability into everything we do, from the highest levels of corporate
governance down to our operations.

We are honored to continually receive recognition for our dedication to ESG as a company, including being
selected as one of the world's most ethical companies for the 13th consecutive year and ranking #18
overall on the 100 Best Corporate Citizens list, among others.

Our employees, customers and investors can expect that we will remain focused on advancing our
leadership position on all environmental, social and governance factors. We believe that a culture of
inclusion drives the right mindsets and behaviors and fosters creativity and innovation, which leads to
exceptional customer outcomes and long-term shareholder returns.

Lastly, I am very excited about this morning's announcement as it relates to our leading position in smart,
sustainable building solutions: the launch of OpenBlue, our digital platform. Johnson Controls has been
making buildings safer and smarter for 135 years. OpenBlue reflects the next step in how we will interact
with buildings, environments and shared spaces, evolving from inflexible assets to dynamic resources
in a digitally connected environment and leveraging our digital real-time service capabilities to deliver
more value to customers. By combining traditionally separate building systems and enabling them to
communicate, OpenBlue will create smarter and safer spaces that are also more efficient and sustainable
for both new and existing buildings alike.

Moving to Slide 5. I want to briefly touch on the technology that enables OpenBlue. Obviously, there is
a lot of detail on this slide, but let me attempt to simplify the role of the platform itself. This has been
years in the making based on extensive feedback from our customers, our previous product innovation
experiences and further research and development by our global team of engineers and data scientists.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 31, 2020

With OpenBlue, we are connecting various products across our domains with services that leverage our
deep industry expertise in buildings to bring even more value to customers.

When you think of OpenBlue, think about the combination of products, applications, technology and
services. OpenBlue brings together traditional IT with operational technology and cloud applications in
a common platform that connects disparate systems and harmonizes data within a secure and reliable
cloud-based system. The technology architecture is open, flexible and easy to expand, and it features
advanced technologies such as artificial intelligence and digital twins. Importantly, we are also creating
an ecosystem of partnerships with world-class technology companies to help us bring more value to
customers across all of our industry verticals.

Now let me touch on the power of OpenBlue on Slide 6. We have a $6.3 billion service business built upon
a strong base of 2 million contract customers across all of our domains in HVAC, fire and security. Our
direct footprint of over 16,000 field technicians gives us an advantage in resolving customer needs for
safety, security, comfort and risk avoidance.

Over the past 2 years, we have made significant strides in driving process efficiencies that have allowed us
to leverage our large footprint more optimally for our customers. Our rapid service response capabilities
were visible. Right at the beginning of the ongoing pandemic in Wuhan, China, we were actively involved
in quickly installing and servicing hospital infrastructure in heavily constrained environments. We are
embedding serviceability as a key aspect within our product designs.

We are also investing in proactive service technologies, including remote diagnostics, predictive
maintenance and advanced risk assessments. These technologies allow us to expand our range of
outcome-based services and enable our customers to extract higher levels of value from our products and
solutions.

With the ongoing pandemic, we are now augmenting our core domain expertise with location-based
services, contact tracking and tracing, flexible infrastructure and screening-based access. These
technologies allow our customers to raise their requirements on safety and risk avoidance without
adversely impacting their comfort or convenience.

I also want to point out that we are raising our bars on sustainability and efficiency. For example, the
OpenBlue platform can be used to generate almost all energy from on-site solar systems, achieve cost
savings with energy efficiency and improved water usage volumes.

Working and living spaces in the post-pandemic future are going to be transformed forever. With all of
the innovations that are currently available with OpenBlue, we are a leader in defining safety, security,
sustainability, comfort and efficiency in the building space, which are all critical to opening the workplace.

In the coming weeks, you'll be hearing more about the various digital services and solutions being
launched and the tremendous capabilities of OpenBlue.

Back to the quarter. Let's look at the order trend on Slide 7, which plots our monthly orders on a trailing
3-month basis. It highlights what we anticipate to be the trough for order intake, which, as the chart
would suggest, occurred in May. Throughout Q3, we continued to see our order pipeline pushed to the
right, in line with our expectations. Each of our segments followed a similar trend: steep declines in
April and May and then material improvement in June, which exited the quarter down around 10%. I am
optimistic that this trend line should continue to improve supported by our pipeline of opportunity. With
that said, we are still planning conservatively.

As a reminder, these orders do not include our Global Products segment as it is a book-and-bill business.
We did see a significant pickup in June driven by HVAC equipment.

Let's turn to Slide 8 for an update of the significant mitigating actions that have been executed in
response to COVID-19. As we mentioned last quarter, we had identified and began executing on various
actions, both temporary and permanent, that were expected to benefit the second half of this fiscal year
by $400 million to $450 million. As a result of taking decisive action very early in the quarter, we were
able to exceed our planned cost-out and now expect these actions will result in approximately a $500

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 31, 2020

million benefit in fiscal '20. This is a testament to the team's commitment to execution and agility when
faced with extraordinary challenges. Our permanent actions will provide a nice tailwind for us in fiscal '21
and more than mitigate the temporary actions related to compensation that are expected to return next
year.

As it relates to indirect spend and facility costs, we are in the process of streamlining some of those cost-
out on a permanent basis and are actively planning to govern the pace of those costs coming back to the
P&L, with the gating factor being organic growth. If there is a silver lining to this crisis, it is that we are
building new capabilities and optimizing the way we operate as a leaner, more efficient organization.

Turning now to Slide 9 for a summary of our financial results in the quarter. Revenue declined 16% on
an organic basis, with products down 20%, while our field businesses declined 13% in aggregate. As
expected, Service outperformed, declining 7% overall as our shorter-cycle labor and material activity was
significantly impacted by access restrictions and more selective discretionary spending throughout most of
the quarter. Install revenues declined 18%.

Our adjusted EBIT margin increased 70 basis points in the quarter to 13.2%, aided primarily by the
execution on COVID-19-related mitigating cost actions in the quarter. Despite a 16% organic revenue
decline, adjusted EBIT of $707 million only declined 11% on an organic basis.

Adjusted EPS of $0.67 increased 3% over the prior year. Brian will provide the details of the year-over-
year bridge.

Free cash was approximately $800 million in the quarter, up about 30% over the prior year, bringing the
year-to-date total to approximately $900 million.

With that, I will turn it over to Brian to discuss our performance in a little more detail.

Brian J. Stief
Vice Chairman, Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, George, and good morning, everyone. So let's take a look at the year-over-year EPS and bridge
on Slide 10.

As you can see, operations net of mitigating actions was a $0.16 headwind in Q3. And I would point out
that although volumes were down significantly year-over-year, we did benefit from slightly favorable
mix. Price/cost was again positive, and we achieved significant cost savings during the quarter. Ongoing
synergies and productivity savings were an additional $0.04 tailwind as planned. And noncontrolling
interest was a $0.03 tailwind as a result of lower earnings in our Hitachi joint venture. Lower share count
given our significant share repurchase activity over the past 12 months provided us $0.10. In total, the
quarter benefited from approximately $300 million in mitigating cost actions in response to COVID-19.

So let's take a look at the segment margin bridge on Slide 11. As I mentioned, we saw broad-based
volume declines across all 4 business segments as a result of COVID-19. However, our businesses did
remain very disciplined on price in an increasingly competitive environment, and that, accompanied with
the benefit of a tailwind for most of our cost inputs, we were able to expand gross margins by 150 basis
points year-over-year and EBIT margins by 50 basis points. As a result, we held decrementals at 13% at
the segment EBITDA level and 9% at the consolidated EBIT level.

Relative to the framework we provided you on our Q2 call for decrementals being in the low 20s net of
mitigating actions and high teens including ongoing synergies and productivity at the EBIT level, I would
just point out that volumes came in better than we expected, and as George mentioned, we accelerated
our cost actions.

So let's go to Slide 12 and review our segment results in more detail. Total Q3 revenues declined 16%
organically as our shorter-cycle global products business declined 20%, while Install and Service declined
18% and 7%, respectively. The impacts of the pandemic were widespread, particularly at the beginning of
the third quarter with lockdowns in many parts of the world restricting our access to customer sites and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 31, 2020

disrupting our production capacity. Although field orders declined 16% in the quarter, we saw sequential
improvement. Backlog of $9.1 billion increased 3% year-over-year and 1% on a sequential basis.

Looking at the segments individually. North American revenues declined 13%, with Install down 16% and
Service down 7%. Applied HVAC declined high-single digits and Fire & Security was down high teens, with
Performance Solutions growing mid-single digits in the quarter.

Segment margins in North America increased 200 basis points to 15.4% given the acceleration of the cost
mitigation actions that took place during the quarter. I would also point out that North American gross
margins continue to improve year-over-year.

Orders in North America declined 16%, with similar percent declines in both HVAC and Fire & Security. In
June, North American orders improved sequentially, trending down high single digits. North American's
backlog ended the quarter at $5.8 billion, up 2% year-over-year.

Moving to EMEALA, revenues declined 15%, with Install down 24% and Service down 6%. By end market,
Applied HVAC declined at a mid-teens rate, while Fire & Security, which accounts for approximately 60%
of segment revenues, decreased at a high-teens rate. Industrial Refrigeration outperformed relative to the
other end markets, declining only mid-single digits in the quarter.

I would note that by geography, we continue to see challenges across the regions. Europe declined high
teens, while the Middle East fell off double digits and Latin America was down high single digits. Although
EMEALA's EBITDA margins were down 300 basis points in the quarter given the various country shutdowns
and our relative cost structure across the region, gross margins are improving. As many parts of the
region are now reopen, we expect improved margins in Q4, both on a year-over-year and sequential basis.
Orders in EMEALA declined 20% in the quarter, with Service only down mid-single digits. EMEALA ended
with backlog of $1.7 billion, up 2% year-over-year.

Moving to APAC. Revenues were down 12%, with Install down 16% and Service down 6%. China
significantly improved from the mid-30s decline we saw in Q2 to down only 4% in Q3. Although activity in
China continues to improve, we were negatively impacted by extended and renewed lockdowns in other
parts of Asia. APAC orders declined 10% in Q3. The backlog remains up 4% year-over-year at $1.6 billion.

So moving to Global Products, which declined 20% in the quarter, this outperformed our original
expectations. Our North America resi business declined only mid-single digits in Q3 driven primarily by
favorable weather in June, strong dealer acquisition and the sharp release of some pent-up demand.
We also saw a share gain in the quarter primarily the result of our new 14 SEER split system and a
competitor's production issue. We've seen significant momentum into July benefiting from unprecedented
order growth in June, and we expect a very strong Q4.

In Asia Pacific, our residential business declined roughly 20%. However, we have seen signs of recovery in
our largest markets, with Japan and Taiwan showing improvement in June. As you would expect, India was
down significantly in Q3 due primarily to extended lockdowns related to the pandemic. Overall, we expect
our APAC residential business to show strong performance in Q4.

Although our North America light commercial business declined more than 20% in the quarter, we saw
strong signs of recovery in June with orders up 30%. Daily order rates continue to track higher in July,
and we see good traction with our new higher-tonnage rooftop replacement units. This will contribute to a
significant sequential improvement in Q4.

Applied chiller revenues declined around 20% despite strong chiller and air handling unit replacements in
North America as APAC declined due to continued project delays and elevated channel inventories. Fire &
Security products were impacted by production challenges early in the quarter, which we highlighted for
you on our Q2 call.

Overall, we saw a significant improvement in our Global Products segment in the month of June, exiting
the quarter at a high-single-digit decline.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 31, 2020

So let's move to corporate expense on Slide 13. Corporate expense was down significantly year-over-
year to $48 million, reflecting cost mitigation actions, ongoing synergy and productivity save and our cost
reductions related to the Power Solutions divestiture. We have not changed our guidance for fiscal '20,
which implies Q4 corporate expense should be in the range of $50 million to $60 million.

I would point out that certain benefits that we're seeing in the second half of this year do relate to
temporary cost reductions, which will put some pressure on corporate expense in fiscal '21. And I think
the way to think about it is directionally, for next year, corporate expense will be in the range of $300
million to $330 million.

Turning to our balance sheet on Slide 14. As you can see, there are no significant changes versus what we
discussed with you in early May. Our short-term debt increased as a result of the opportunistic financing
arrangements we put in place in April. Overall, our net debt leverage remains at 1.8x, well below our
target range of 2 to 2.5.

Given our strong balance sheet position and cash generation in Q3, as George mentioned, we did resume
our share repurchases in Q4, which will approximate $750 million. We've also made excellent progress
on our refinancing plan for our short-term maturities, which we would expect to complete some time in
Q4. We are very comfortable with our liquidity and balance sheet position, and we'll continue to maintain
flexibility as we move through the next couple of quarters.

Turning to cash flow on Slide 15. Another strong cash quarter with reported cash flow just over $700
million driven primarily by solid working capital improvement, particularly receivable collections. Adjusted
free cash flow was $800 million.

Year-to-date, adjusted free cash flow is $900 million, well above the prior year. And for the full year, we
continue to expect our conversion to be in excess of 100%.

Lastly, before I turn it over to George, we did have 3 significant special items which are listed on Slide 16
that I'd like to comment on. As we highlighted for you last quarter, we did take $186 million restructuring
charge in connection with our COVID-19 cost mitigation actions. The majority of this cash outflow related
to this restructuring will occur in Q4. In addition, we also took a $424 million noncash impairment charge
related to goodwill for our retail business, which was triggered by the current depressed environment
for the retail industry. And finally, we had a noncash mark-to-market adjustment of $132 million in the
quarter primarily related to our pension plans.

So overall, a real strong quarter in the current environment, and we're seeing continued momentum as we
enter Q4.

With that, George, I'll turn it back over to you.

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Brian. Let's turn to Slide 17 for a look at our guidance for the fourth quarter. Given the trends
in Q3, we expect to see a nice sequential improvement in revenue, which is expected to result in a
year-over-year organic revenue decline in the high-single to low double-digit range, with sequential
improvement expected across service, project installation and products. Although some temporary actions
such as furloughs will come back in Q4, we will continue to benefit from significant mitigating actions,
which will keep our net EBIT decrements, including synergies and productivity, in the low-teens range.
Overall, we expect our fourth quarter earnings per share before special items to be in the range of $0.68
to $0.72, another strong quarter given the unprecedented environment.

First is our framework for a 15% to 20% organic revenue decline in the second half. We now expect the
second half to only be down low teens. This, coupled with strong execution and additional cost savings,
puts us in a very strong position to finish the year. We now expect our full year earnings per share to be in
the range of $2.16 to $2.20, which represents an impressive year-over-year increase of 10% to 12%.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 31, 2020

As we continue to navigate through these unprecedented times, Johnson Controls is well positioned
both financially and strategically. The launch of OpenBlue demonstrates our continued commitment
to innovation, enhances our service capabilities and future-proofs our strategy. We are in a leadership
position to capitalize on the recovery and create long-term shareholder value.
With that, operator, please open up the line for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 31, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jeff Sprague of Vertical Research.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

George, could you give us a little more color on OpenBlue? Looks like there's going to be a lot here for us
to digest, not just today but going forward. But just thinking about how you might be selling different with
this, how the customer interaction might change and any kind of early color on adoption or feedback as
you roll this out.

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Let me just give the framework here. So we've been -- with the merger we did 4 years ago, this was
obviously a big focus area where we could take our multiple capabilities across our products, our digital
platforms, bring that all together into one architecture. So this is really the investment that we've made
over that period of time to bring the best together and ultimately create the platform. And with this, it's
really combining products, new technology, solutions and services in one digital architecture.

And I think when you look at that, it's taking what we do with our operational technology, combined with
IT systems as well as a lot of new cloud applications that really does create a dynamic digital platform.
And so when you look at this, Jeff, it does enhance all of our domain today. So in each one of our --
whether it be HVAC or Security or Fire, a lot of these digital capabilities are being put to work today to
enhance the services that we ultimately provide to our customers. This also gives us an opportunity
to create an ecosystem to be able to bring together other technology companies and where we're now
deploying artificial intelligence and digital twins to be able to deliver unrealized and increased value to our
customers.

And so I think as we see it today, we are selling this as part of our core. And now with the announcement
today, it's really now taking that to the next level. And we think now more than ever, it's critical that
building environments are safe and secure. So it's not only making sure that we have the highest level of
indoor air quality, but it's also combining what we do there with all of the other digital systems within the
building to ultimately create the healthiest and safest environment for our customers.

And so I think it's -- we're already deploying this today in a number of our core businesses. And I believe
that this is going to enable us now, with the bigger problems that we're focusing on solving, to be able to
do a lot more in how we ultimately support our customers with their return to work.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

And then just as an unrelated follow-up. Obviously, distinguished yourself very nicely here with this
decremental margin improvement. It looks like you're trying to make sure you're positioned to also kind
of leverage the recovery. But I think that's a question on a lot of people's minds as things go the other
way. How are you thinking about incremental margins now when your revenues do kind of flip to positive
potentially here in the next few quarters?

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Yes. What I would say is -- what I said in my prepared remarks, we've done an incredible job here really
going after the costs, not only on a temporary basis but really looking at significant restructuring that's
going to position us here going forward in '21. And so I believe that the permanent actions that we've

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 31, 2020

taken will absolutely offset the -- or mitigate the temporary actions related to the compensation that we
ultimately got benefit of this year.

And so when you look at the incremental margins going forward, with all of the changes that ultimately
have occurred, I believe we're going to be very well positioned post COVID. And we believe that there's
still lots of opportunity. Certainly, we're focused on making sure that we're playing offense and really
focusing on the top line and going after the new opportunities that we see given the environment we're
in. But at the same time, we're being very disciplined from a cost standpoint, not only executing on the
restructuring but also on the temporary costs that we address this year, making sure that they don't come
back at a level that doesn't align to the volumes that we ultimately are going to see as we get into 2021.

And so I feel very good, Jeff, that we'll get incremental margins of 30% as we go forward. And with the
work that the team has done here, I feel very good as we position for '21.

Operator

Our next question comes from Joe Ritchie of Goldman Sachs.

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

So maybe just starting off, like on the Service versus Install, I think, as expected, Service did a little bit
better than Install this quarter. I'm just curious, as you kind of progress throughout the quarter, how did
on-site access work? Were you able to get a few -- a lot more access into facilities? I think when we had
talked inter-quarter, you had mentioned that you had about 20% of your business that you had access to.
But wanted to see how that trended as the quarter progressed.

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Yes. What we saw during this period of time is really unprecedented given the shutdowns that occurred.
And throughout most of the quarter, what I would say, all of our field businesses experienced a lot of
restricted access to customer sites, limiting our ability to perform our typical service and install work. And
it was really an abnormal phenomenon relative to what we would see as a typical downturn.

And so even with that, like I said, I believe we outperformed. We were down 9% on a global basis, and
we're pretty much in line with where we saw the most significant lockdown. Now when I look at our
service base, and in line with your question, is that about 2/3 of our Service revenue is recurring. And
about 40% of that is actually done remotely, where about 40% does not require access to the customer
and requires access but at an agreed-upon time. And that typically is mainly in Fire where you actually
have to go on site, giving codes on, on-prem inspections where they're performed. And that's a big chunk
of our Service business. It's roughly a little over $1 billion in PSAs in Fire that are excluded from that 40%.

And so we do see that getting better, Joe, as we're going forward. We've seen a significant improvement
in June and then again now in July with our overall service activity. And so it does help when we can do it
remotely, but -- and I think we've done that extremely well given the restrictions that we've had. But now
with things opening up, we're starting to see that demand come back very nicely.

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

That's great. That's great to hear, George. And I guess my one follow-on question -- and by the way, I
should say also kind of congratulations on OpenBlue. But the one quick follow-on was on free cash flow.
Clearly, very strong this quarter. It was better than last year, which is pretty incredible just given the
unprecedented decline we've seen this quarter. I guess, Brian, just as -- maybe provide a little bit more
details on what drove the free cash flow this quarter and how to think about free cash flow going forward.
I know it's a little early for '21, but how are you guys thinking about that on a go-forward basis?

Brian J. Stief
Vice Chairman, Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 31, 2020

Yes. I mean, I think when you look at Q3, a very strong quarter, I do think there was probably some
timing between Q3 and Q4, which is why we didn't change our guide here to greater than 100% for the
full year. But I -- when I look forward, I still believe 100% free cash flow is our near-term target, and I
have all positive signs that we're going to be able to deliver that.

I think some of the activities that our cash management office that we put in place 2 years ago, they have
done a fantastic job of really getting policies and procedures and protocols in place on a global basis now.
And I think we're starting to see the benefits of that in the routine processes that we've got around cash
collection and cash forecasting. So when we look at the second half, I think you ought to think of it in
terms of second half getting us to that greater than 100% free cash. There might have been a little pull
forward here in Q3.

Operator

Our next question comes from Nigel Coe of Wolfe Research.

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

So first of all, I appreciate the guidance. Most companies are still shying away from formal guidance, so
I appreciate that. My first question is really, can we just run through a bit more -- in a bit more sort of
detail the difference between the commercial HVAC performance in Global Products versus what we saw
in the geographic segments? I think it's probably due to destocking through channels. I know you go
through independent channels in Global Products. But can you maybe just talk about whether there's any
geographic things to think about there? Or was it just primarily destocking?

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

When we look at commercial, on commercial applied, we were down -- on a revenue basis, we were down
about 9%, and that was split between Install being a little bit greater and Service being down about 6%.
And when you look at the orders on commercial applied, we were down about 11%. And that split where
Asia started to recover faster, and that was down a little less than North America and EMEALA that was
down in the high teens. So that's -- I believe that's what you were looking for. That's on the applied.

And then when you look at the commercial unitary, HVAC was down about 25%. And when you look at
-- what we said is that we are gaining traction as we look at share and the progress that we made in the
quarter. And then in June, what we saw from an order standpoint, really have seen a pickup there. And so
I think we feel very good about that space going forward. And then -- that's on the commercial side. And
did you -- I missed your -- I couldn't really hear you, Nigel. Were you -- as far as on the residential HVAC.

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

No, it was really more about just explaining the difference between the performance we saw in Global
Products where I think we saw much heavy declines in both unitary and applied commercial versus what
we saw in the geo segments. So just trying to understand that dynamic. That was really just my question.

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Okay. And then on the -- when you look at the products, the pure products, I apologize, the pure
products, we were down roughly -- when you look at the different businesses, we were down overall about
20%. And we broke that down out into residential, which, as Brian said, North America was pretty strong.
It's coming back nicely. And orders in June were very, very strong, up almost 200%. And then on the
other side, on the North America commercial, when you look at that, like I said, we're coming back there.
And then the other one is on the APAC residential, we're down about 20% in Hitachi, and that's mainly
driven by some of the challenges that we've had in the markets there being shut down as well as the
Japan and Taiwan markets now beginning to recover. They're actually coming back very nicely.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 31, 2020

And so that was the -- so to your point, early in the quarter, we saw destocking and some challenges
there. But what we saw during the quarter from an order standpoint, that's coming back very nicely within
our Global Products business, and that's going to play out here as we get through the fourth quarter.

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. And my follow-on is really about this return to work, getting customers prepared for that. And
obviously, everyone is getting very excited about air quality -- indoor air quality. And it seems that the
breadth of your portfolio is pretty uniquely well positioned to help customers solve these problems, be it
tracing employees or access -- contactless access and even the -- changing our filters and that kind of
stuff. Are customers looking for complete solutions here? I mean are you seeing that? And therefore, is
the breadth of your portfolio helping? Or is it still very much bucket by bucket? Any color there would be
helpful.

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Let me start, Nigel, by saying the changes that are coming to buildings and infrastructure post this
pandemic absolutely does play to our strengths. Our entire strategy revolves around capitalizing on the
evolution to these smarter, safer spaces. And then why we have a unique competitive position, we do look
at this holistically. And when you look at our service techs, we have the largest team of service techs and
sales forces globally, would be one of the largest installed bases and an unmatched product portfolio depth
and breadth.

And so if you go through the domain -- so let's start with HVAC and indoor air quality. We're certainly
addressing this when you start with -- you can start with active filtration, where now the recommendation
is going from a MERV 6 to 8 to a MERV 13, 14. And that -- we can do that. And we ultimately -- you
can do that. But many times, it does require to upgrade the fan motor to be able to get the full airflow
necessary to support the space that you're conditioning.

And so yes, we're doing that. The other piece is with our controls and making sure that you get the proper
flow of outdoor air. So you get the maximum air purification with the outdoor air exchange. We're very
much -- that's another part of the solution. And then in our air handlers as well as our rooftop units where
we deploy UV lighting technologies or bipolar ionization that ultimately -- depending on the space that
you're serving, ultimately purifies the air.

And then at the high end, with HEPA filters, we not only provide portable units, but we also attach our
HEPA filtration units to ducted systems. And we've been the leader in being able to provide stand-up
capacity for our hospitals with this temporary space that we've been building across the globe with our
capabilities.

And then with that, every one of these situations requires engineering. And so how you go into a particular
customer and whether it be filtration or air purification technologies and/or how you change the makeup
here or outdoor airflow and then ultimately how you upgrade the overall system to be able to achieve the
highest level of air purification. That's one aspect.

But what I see the opportunity to be is how does that combine with the other building systems that we
ultimately deploy, which is fire and security. You might have seen where we launched our new camera,
thermal imaging camera last week that has got the -- it's approved by the FDA, and it's got the tightest
variation on being able to check temperatures, not only at entries but then being able to be deployed more
broadly across the indoor space. And so that can be attached to the systems that we deploy. Frictionless
as far as how we upgrade all of the devices within a facility and become frictionless.

And then the last is what's been most exciting for us is taking what we do today with those systems and
being able to track and trace so we can ultimately identify individuals where they've been within a facility,
who they've been with and potentially, if they were to be infected, who would need to be quarantined. And
so I believe that digital controls does create a competitive advantage. It offers a unique, enhanced user
experience with these type of capabilities beyond just any one of the domains, Nigel.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 31, 2020

Operator

Our next question comes from Scott Davis of Melius Research.

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

The OpenBlue seems pretty interesting. And who -- just logistically, George, who installs the product?
I mean you've got your field technicians, your 16,000 folks. Do you have an infrastructure of -- does it
require some sort of specialization to install the product and customize it for the customer? And do you
guys do that or someone else does that?

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

So one of our advantages, Scott, is that we do that. I mean we have technicians in the field. And as we've
been deploying these capabilities, we've been obviously enhancing the skill sets of the technicians required
to ultimately deploy these type of solutions. And so that has been ongoing as we've been enhancing these
capabilities. And so I think when you look at our footprint and not only having our core technologies that
we deploy but now being able to put all of those together into a simple architecture and be able to then
now create outcomes that our customers are looking for to solve some of these new challenges, this is
going to give us an incredible advantage.

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

Yes. It seems interesting. But when you think about your main competitors, George, I mean, Honeywell is
a pretty solid product. Schneider is a solid product. There's probably plenty of others. But do you guys feel
like you've had a chance to see what everybody else has and come up with something that is better? Or is
it just better because you've got the installed base and you know the customer, you know the needs more,
you've got a broader set of product in the building, et cetera? I mean just trying to get a sense of where
you think it stacks up versus perhaps the competitors.

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I believe that it's absolutely a step forward because it's taken all of the operational technology that
we have embedded within our products and edge devices. It's ultimately then integrating that with IT
systems, allowing us with that -- with our platform to be able to create cloud applications. And so it's built
off of our core product technologies. And now with the integration of the software into one architecture, it
allows us to be able to create a very dynamic digital platform that we can now create significant outcomes.
It takes, what I said earlier, a very inflexible asset and makes it very dynamic with the data that we can
extract and then ultimately create new services for the customers. And it just happens to be timed when
our customers are looking for a lot of new solutions given the challenges that they're facing now with the
pandemic and the return to work.

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

Yes. Excellent. Well, good luck to you guys, and congrats on the product.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steve Tusa of JPMorgan.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

The order pipeline, I mean, it just seems like we're kind of in -- across the industry, obviously, in
residential, but even in maybe commercial a little bit, everybody is showing these kind of tough order
declines, but backlog is not going down. So it seems like there is a little bit of kind of pent-up push

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 31, 2020

forward. And you said in your remarks that the pipeline has -- there hasn't -- there haven't been many
cancellations. There has basically been push to the right. Is that -- what does that total pipeline look
like on a year-over-year basis? I assume it's not, like, growing. So is it just -- is it the same number of
opportunities that are just kind of getting like pushed forward a bit? Maybe just talk about kind of that
dynamic on the commercial side as we try and gauge orders to revenues and how that's going to convert
over the next several quarters.

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Let me give you some color there. I think throughout Q3 -- and of course, we're engaging with
customers on a real-time basis, understanding what their demands are and what ultimately we need to
do to support some of the new challenges. So we have a lot of good insight into what is happening. We
did see, like I said, the field order pipeline being pushed a bit to the right. We haven't seen significant
cancellations of existing orders. We have seen some of what was in the pipeline get removed from the
pipeline now given the economic conditions. But even with all of that, our pipeline was up 3% on a year-
on-year basis. So we did see steep declines in April and May. We did see material improvement in June.
And so I think that gives us the sense that now what's in the pipeline is beginning to convert.

And then as I said, on the Global Products where we were challenged in April and May, and that's -- we
track book and bill there, but we did see -- on a recovery basis in June, and that's continuing in July, we're
seeing very good order flow over that period of time.

And so we believe, overall, Steve, that orders should continue to improve sequentially in Q4, supported by
the pipeline, which I just discussed. And I think when you look at -- we continue to engage with customers
in providing support to the COVID-19 challenges. And I believe that based on what we're seeing here real-
time that it continues to improve.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Yes, yes. That makes sense.

Antonella Franzen
VP and Chief Investor Relations & Communications Officer

I would just add in there and just to remind folks that our orders for Global Products are not in our overall
order number. And you mentioned earlier, like commercial and residential and a lot of activity that folks
are seeing, and just to be clear, we saw a very similar trend and had really good order growth in both the
commercial side and the residential side in our Global Products business, particularly in the month of June.
And as Brian mentioned, unprecedented order growth in the month of June in residential.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Right. And that's that backlog of 1 that you showed in the slides there.

Antonella Franzen
VP and Chief Investor Relations & Communications Officer

Yes. But that's...

Charles Stephen Tusa
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

The book-to-bill, the book-to-bill.

Antonella Franzen
VP and Chief Investor Relations & Communications Officer

That's in the quarter. But as we exit the quarter, much higher.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 31, 2020

Charles Stephen Tusa
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got it. Got it. Got it. And then just one last one. Any way to kind of quantify any kind of what the mix
benefits are when Install goes down so much more than Services?

Antonella Franzen
VP and Chief Investor Relations & Communications Officer

Well, Steve, let me take that one because overall mix, there's a lot of different dynamics to think about
when you think about our business because Service and Install is one component of mix. But then
remember, within each field business and even within Global Products, each domain has mix as well. So
overall, for the quarter, when you look at all the businesses and various mix across the board, I would say
mix overall was about a 20 basis point benefit.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. Great. Good execution. Congrats.

Operator

Our next question comes from Deane Dray of RBC Capital Markets.

Deane Michael Dray
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Can we go back to the indoor air quality topic? And George, what percent of your installed base do you
think have done their initial assessment of their HVAC systems as well as their security systems? Because
you do the initial assessment first, and then you can assess what is needed in terms of upgrades on
filtration and air handling and so forth. So that's the first part. And then can you provide us a framework
for what you think that potential revenue ramp will look like, again, for all the COVID upgrades?

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Yes. At this stage, it's hard to predict, Deane. But what I would say is that every -- all of our customers
with -- and I think this is true for all of us, right? As we're thinking about our own spaces, we're all -- I
think this goes right up to the CEO level, understanding what is being done within facilities to be able to
safely return their employees to work. And so I think there's active engagement in understanding what
ultimately needs to be done and what the potential solutions can be.

So I think we're in that early phase where there's very, very active engagement and putting forward
what we can do and ultimately how we can address the challenges and what needs to happen to not only
improve the indoor air quality but how do you enhance that with our ability to be able to do temperature
checking and be able to integrate that with their building systems and do track and trace. And so I think
it's in the very early stages but very active engagement with our customers. And so I think at this stage,
it's hard to predict what that ultimately is going to be. But I would tell you that the activity is significant
across all of our customers.

And so we're -- already, I can tell you with this thermal imaging camera, for instance, you can attach
that to an existing system. You can deploy that not only at the entrance to a site but then maybe in some
common areas within the facility so that you could detect very accurately temperatures of occupants.
And then you would be able to then quickly assess if there was an elevated temperature to be able to
then isolate that individual. And then if there are any other people with our track and trace around that
individual, then you'd be able to address and isolate the problem. And so these are being deployed
incrementally as far as parts of solutions, and then obviously working with customers and looking at more
comprehensive solutions that ultimately address the new workplace.

Deane Michael Dray

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 31, 2020

RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

That's really helpful. And just can you expand on the point on the importance of doing remote monitoring
now? You're already positioned in fire and security for monitoring. But now commercial buildings care
so much about their indoor air quality on a go-forward basis, not just in the time of the upgrade but
on a regular go-forward basis, and maybe that's CO2 monitoring. But what are -- from the technology
standpoint, are you positioned today to incorporate HVAC monitoring going forward?

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Well, it starts with everything being connected. And so we're making sure that all products that we deploy
are connected. And then with that connection, being able to provide services that ultimately address
whether it be energy efficiency, whether it be monitoring the equipment operation and maintaining the
service of that. So connectivity is the start of it, and then the ability to be able to collect data, not only
on an individual piece of equipment but how does that correlate to other systems within the building
that enable us with now OpenBlue, that we can provide the most enhanced solution or the most value
for our customers and how we either drive sustainability, efficiency, health or safety. And that's a unique
advantage that we have now with this connectivity and with this architecture within this platform.

Operator

Our last question comes from Markus Mittermaier of UBS.

Markus M. H. Mittermaier
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Maybe I can start with OpenBlue as well, the slide that you have on Page 5 here on the ecosystem map.
If you consider sort of the profit pools behind this map, where do you see your current strength in the
portfolio and gaps? And how does that then relate to the M&A priorities? I mean do you think more sort
of vertical across the various tech layers or still sort of horizontal along the edge and device layer? Maybe
let's start there.

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So the idea of OpenBlue is where we bring our domain and core capabilities to the platform. And then
it's open so that we can integrate other systems within the building where we don't have that domain
and then bring that together into one platform that allows us to then be able to utilize the data and apply
analytics -- AI analytics to be able to create the outcomes that we're committed to achieve.

And so it doesn't mean that you have to have every one of these domains. Although what I would say, it
does build off of our strength of being a leader in building controls and then having the multiple digital
systems that we have today within Security & Fire that come together into the platform that gives us
incredible opportunity to now be able to bring these type of solutions to the market with this connectivity.

Markus M. H. Mittermaier
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Great. And then maybe second one on Fire & Security. Can you just peel the onion here a little bit? You
mentioned the production issues that you had flagged and sort of like extended and renewed lockdowns
in Asia. If I look at the supplemental data that you published, which is quite helpful, ex retail looks like
EMEALA was sort of down low teens; North America, mid-teens. How much of that is sort of like really
pushed out rather than kind of disappeared? You mentioned $1 billion roughly of your top line there
requires access. So how should we think about Q4 in light of all these access issues that you've had?

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 31, 2020

Yes. So we were -- when you look at -- I mean we go through each of the regions. But in general, I think
what's happened is, certainly, with the shutdowns, there was a significant impact in Q3 and very unusual
to these typical downturns. And so what we're seeing now with the return to work as facilities are opening,
certainly, now the demand is coming back as we would expect in the month of June and now even more so
in July.

And so we'll see sequential improvement as we're going forward in each one of these areas based on --
I mean we are concerned in a few areas where we're going through -- they're going through kind of a
second wave or shutdowns in a couple of regions in Asia Pac and maybe Latin America and the like. But
where the opening up is continuing, we're seeing similar-type demand come back for our services.

Antonella Franzen
VP and Chief Investor Relations & Communications Officer

Operator, I'd like to turn the call over to George for some closing comments.

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Again, thanks again for joining our call this morning. I want to thank our employees for their
extraordinary efforts during this unprecedented time. I am extremely pleased with our continued strong
performance. And again, I hope that you and your families remain safe, and I look forward to speaking
with many of you soon. So operator, that concludes our call.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may
disconnect at this time.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 31, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

