Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. 

NasdaqGS:JKHY
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, May 04, 2021 12:45 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.86

0.95

10.47

0.90

3.90

4.45

Revenue  (mm)

439.37

433.78

(1.27 %)

442.15

1744.13

1881.71

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-04-2021 2:20 AM GMT

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.78

1.05

0.87

0.86

0.80

1.19

0.94

0.95

2.56 %

13.33 %

8.05 %

10.47 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

David B. Foss
President, CEO & Director

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

ANALYSTS

David Mark Togut
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Dominick Joseph Gabriele
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

John Kimbrough Davis
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Kartik Mehta
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Kenneth Christopher Suchoski
Autonomous Research LLP

Peter James Heckmann
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research
Division

Steven Comery
G. Research, LLC

Vasundhara Govil
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Jack Henry & Associates Third
Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's
conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Kevin Williams. Thank you. Please go
ahead.

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

Thanks, Brandy. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us for the Jack Henry & Associates Third
Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Call. I am Kevin Williams, CFO and Treasurer. And on the call with me today
is David Foss, our President and CEO.

In just a minute, I will turn the call over to Dave to provide some of his thoughts about the state of our
business, our financial and sales performance for the quarter, some comments regarding the industry in
general and how we're dealing with COVID-19 and some other key initiatives that we have in place. Then
after Dave concludes his comments, I will provide some additional thoughts and comments regarding the
press release we put out yesterday after market close and provide comments regarding our guidance for
our fiscal year '21, which we also provided in the release yesterday, and then we will open the lines up for
Q&A.

First, I need to remind you that this call includes certain forward-looking statements, including remarks
or responses to questions concerning future expectations, events, objectives, strategies, trends or
results. Like any statement about the future, these are subject to a number of factors that could cause
actual results or events to differ materially from those which we anticipate due to a number of risks and
uncertainties.

The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements. For a summary of these risk
factors and additional information, please refer to yesterday's press release and the sections in our 10-K
entitled Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements.

On this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP revenue and non-
GAAP operating income. The reconciliations for historical non-GAAP financial measures can be found in
yesterday's press release.

I will now turn the call over to Dave.

David B. Foss
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone. We're very pleased to report another quarter of revenue and
operating income growth and an overall solid performance by our business. As always, I'd like to begin
today by thanking our associates for all the hard work and commitment that went into producing those
results for our third fiscal quarter.

For Q3 of fiscal 2021, total revenue increased 1% for the quarter and increased 6% on a non-GAAP basis.
Deconversion fees were down more than $18 million over the prior year quarter, which impacts revenue
in the current quarter negatively. But as I've highlighted many times in the past, this is good news for our
company if you take a long-term view.

Turning to the segments. We again had a good quarter in the core segment of our business. Revenue
decreased 4% for the quarter because of the reduction in deconversion fees, but increased by 3% on
a non-GAAP basis. Our payments segment performed very well, posting a 7% increase in revenue this

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

quarter and a 10% increase on a non-GAAP basis. We also had a strong quarter in our complementary
solutions businesses, with a 1% increase in revenue this quarter and a 5% increase on a non-GAAP basis.

As I mentioned in the press release, our core sales teams had an extremely solid quarter and are
now seeing core activity consistent with our pre-pandemic run rate. During the quarter, we inked 15
competitive core takeaways, which is greater than the 1 per week run rate we saw in 2019.

In addition to our success signing new core clients, we signed 6 existing on-prem core customers to move
to our private cloud environment. As we continue to push into the larger regional bank space, I think it's
significant to note that of the 15 new core deals in the quarter, 5 were with multibillion-dollar asset banks
and credit unions.

As a reminder, regarding the topic of new core wins, at Jack Henry, we only call out new core deals when
a banker credit union moves their entire core processing relationship from a competitor system to a Jack
Henry core solution. We do not announce them as a new core win if they move from 1 Jack Henry core to
another or if they simply purchase a new module from us. Think of it as a new logo on the Jack Henry core
customer list that wasn't there previously.

In addition to the tremendous success we saw with our core business this quarter, we continued to sign
new clients to our new digital offerings. During the third quarter, we signed 42 new clients to our Banno
platform, and we continue to see increased interest in this offering as well as the rest of our digital suite.

In our April 6 press release regarding digital momentum, we shared that we had more than 400 financial
institutions and more than 4.3 million users live on the Banno platform. As of May 1, however, we have
added several more financial institutions, and we now have just over 5 million users live. We continue
to enjoy the highest consumer rating in the App Store, and we are regularly recognized as the fastest
application in the industry. As I've said before, I expect our success in this area to grow as we continue to
add new functionality and features to the platform.

Regarding the ongoing migrations of our new card processing platform, as of the end of March, we have
successfully completed the migration of all of our debit processing customers to the new platform, in
accordance with the plan we've been discussing for more than 3 years. Here are a few statistics regarding
this remarkably successful project.

We did our first migration on October 30, 2017, and completed the project on March 26, 2021. That's
1,243 days. During that time, we migrated 879 customers and added 151 new debit and credit customers
to the platform. We currently support 1,030 banks and credit unions on the platform, and we're adding
new clients every month.

You will start to see the larger positive impact of this completed project on our financials in the fourth
fiscal quarter, as we have emphasized throughout the process. I'm very proud of our team and thankful to
our partners and clients for working with us to achieve such a successful outcome.

As you probably heard, M&A has become a topic again among bankers now that they're more confident
about their operating models and the overall economy. Several of our clients have approached us recently
to work with them as they prepare to complete acquisitions of smaller institutions.

In fact, the CEOs of 2 regional banks currently processed by Jack Henry were quoted in an American
Banker article last week regarding their desire to pick up where they left off before the pandemic brought
everything to a halt. We expect our activity and what we refer to as the convert-merge area of our
business to pick up again as we get into the summer months and new deals are announced.

Speaking of American Banker, hopefully you all saw their article last month announcing that, once again,
Jack Henry has been recognized by their team as a best place to work in fintech. American Banker only
recognizes 50 companies each year. And as you can probably imagine, almost all of the companies on the
fintech list generate less than $100 million in annual revenue, pretty much in keeping with the type of
company most people think of when they hear the word fintech.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

We are particularly proud of this recognition for a few reasons: first, the scores are based on surveys
conducted with our employees by an independent agency; second, this is our fifth year in a row to receive
this designation from American Banker; third, we are many times larger than almost any other company
on the list; and fourth, none of our larger competitors have ever made this list. I think this recognition is
indicative of the culture, entrepreneurial spirit and commitment to developing truly innovative solutions
found within the teams at Jack Henry.

As you have undoubtedly already noted from yesterday's press release, we purchased a significant number
of shares in the quarter. With a lack of good quality acquisitions for us to pursue and with our stock at an
attractive price, we worked with the Board to authorize an additional repurchase under the existing plan,
which enabled us to buy 1,825,000 shares during the quarter.

This significant share repurchase does not foreshadow a change in our strategy in this regard. We will
continue to be opportunistic in our approach to purchasing our own shares as we have excess cash and
the lack of acquisition targets that fit our strategy.

Hopefully, you've all seen the press release we posted this morning announcing the upcoming retirement
of our long-time Chairman, Jack Prim. Of course, many of you know Jack is the guy who sat in this chair
before I became CEO at Jack Henry. As I said in today's press release, Jack has given many years to our
company as a business leader, a Board Member and a friend to us all. He has had a significant impact on
the success of our company and on me personally. And for that, I want to sincerely thank him on behalf of
all of us at Jack Henry.

Recognizing that Jack has been considering a potential retirement for some time, we were prepared for his
decision and expect our process to allow us to fill the vacancy close in time to Jack's retirement date. We
hope to have more information to share regarding a new Board Member and a new Chairman before the
end of June.

Slowly but surely, our customers are settling into a new mode of operation with the anticipation of most
COVID restrictions being lifted in the coming months. We're still operating with well over 90% of our
employees working full-time remote, but we are committed to our return to office date of July 1.

We are finalizing plans for office usage and staffing that will employ a hybrid work-from-home, work-in-
office strategy. And we will continue to leverage remote sales and implementation tools, where possible.
We still have some work to do and some things to learn, but I'm very optimistic about our ability to be
successful as the work environment shifts again post COVID.

As we look toward the end of our fiscal year, our sales pipeline is very robust, and we continue to be
optimistic about the strength of our technology solutions, our ability to deliver outstanding service to our
customers, our ability to expand our customer relationships, the spending environment and our long-
term prospects for success. I look forward to seeing and chatting with many of you at our virtual analyst
conference next week.

With that, I'll turn it over to Kevin for some detail on the numbers.

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

Thanks, Dave. For the quarter, our Services and Support revenue decreased 6% in the third quarter of
fiscal 2021 compared to the same quarter a year ago. However, adjusting that Services and Support
revenue for deconversion fees of $4.367 million in the current quarter and deconversion fees of $22.8
million and revenue from divestitures last year in the prior fiscal quarter, on a non-GAAP basis, this
revenue line would have grown actually 2% for the quarter compared to the previous year, which,
obviously, as Dave mentioned, that has a lot of pressure and headwinds from our convert-merge revenue
and also hardware in the quarter.

Year-to-date, our deconversion fees are now down $33 million compared to the prior year, which, if you
remember the guidance that we provided back in August, that is right in line with the full year impact.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Services and support revenue primary driver was data processing and hosting fees in our private and
public cloud offerings, which continue to show strong growth in the quarter compared to the previous year.

However, the growth in that line was totally offset by a decrease in our product delivery and services
revenue, which, again, was due to our decreased hardware implementation revenue for on-prem
customers; convert-merge implementations, which is also down to the significant decrease in M&A
activity; pass-through revenue that is related to billable travel, primarily related to travel limitations by
the COVID; and then, obviously, deconversion fee revenue for the quarter compared to the prior year
quarter, which was down almost $18 million.

Processing revenue increased 13% in the third quarter of fiscal '21 compared to the same quarter last
year. This increase was primarily driven by higher card volumes from new customers installed last year
and also increased debit card usage from existing customers. Our Jack Henry digital revenue experienced
the highest percentage of growth of all revenue lines in both Q3 and year-to-date this year compared to
the same periods last year.

Our total revenue was up 1% for the quarter compared to last year on a GAAP basis and was up 6% on
a non-GAAP basis. Cost of revenue was up 4% compared to last year's second (sic) [ third ] quarter.
The increase was primarily due to higher costs associated with our card processing platform and higher
personnel costs related to increased headcount at March 31 compared to a year ago. The increase in costs
was partially offset by travel expense savings as a result of COVID travel limitations.

Our research and development expense decreased 3% for the third quarter of fiscal 2021 over the prior
fiscal year. This decrease was primarily due to a higher percentage of costs being capitalized for product
development as we continue to invest in our products this quarter compared to a year ago. Our SG&A
expense decreased 6% in the second (sic) [ third ] quarter of fiscal '21 over the same quarter, and this
decrease was primarily due to travel-related savings.

Our reported consolidated operating margins decreased from 21.4% last year to 21% this year, which
is primarily due to the various revenue headwinds already pointed out and increased costs. However, on
a non-GAAP basis, our operating margins increased nicely, and we saw a strong margin expansion from
18.1% last year to 20.3% this year, primarily due to the items already mentioned.

Our payments segment margins were impacted by deconversion fees in the quarter. But on a non-GAAP
basis, our payments margin improved slightly with the completion of the platform migration. Both our core
and complementary segments had a decrease in GAAP margins, but both of them had a nice increase in
non-GAAP margins. So our underlying operations continue to be very strong as we move forward through
the year.

The effective tax rate for the third quarter of fiscal 2021 was 21.5%, up from 19.7% in the same quarter a
year ago. This increase in the effective tax rate is primarily due to the change in the timing of the release
of respective reserves for uncertain tax positions resulting from varying statute limitation periods.

Our net income was $71.4 million in the third quarter compared to $73.9 million last year, with earnings
per share of $0.95 for the current quarter compared to 96% -- $0.96 last year. For cash flow, our total
amortization increased 3% year-to-date compared to last year due to capitalized projects being placed
in service in the prior year. Included in this total amortization is the amortization of intangibles related to
acquisitions, which decreased $13.3 million -- or to $13.3 million this year compared to $15.4 million last
year.

Depreciation is up 3% due to the -- they're primarily due to CapEx in the previous year and those assets
being placed in service. As Dave mentioned, we've purchased 2.5 million shares year-to-date for $384.4
million, and we paid dividends of just right at $100 million, for a total return to shareholders of $484.2
million year-to-date.

Our operating cash flow was $266.3 million for the first 9 months of the fiscal year, which is down a little
from $276 million last year, which is also impacted by the significant decrease in deconversion fees this
year-to-date compared to last year. We invested $116.7 million back into our company through CapEx

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

and capitalized software year-to-date. Our free cash flow, which is operating cash flow less CapEx and cap
software and then adding back net proceeds from disposal of assets, is $155.8 million year-to-date.

A couple of comments on our balance sheet. Our cash position is $70.1 million compared to $109.5 million
a year ago, so we still have decent cash for operations. We did draw down $200 million on our revolver
during the quarter to fund our stock buybacks, but we have no other long-term debt on our balance sheet
other than operating leases. Our return on invested capital for our trailing 12 months is 19.2%, and our
return on equity for the trailing 12 months is 20.9%, which is very solid.

For update on our guidance, we did update both our GAAP and non-GAAP revenue guidance in the press
release yesterday for the full fiscal year. However, just to be clear, this guidance continues to be based on
the assumption that the country continues to open up and the economy continues to improve. But if things
do go differently, then obviously, this guidance will be revised.

We've been very consistent with our GAAP guidance that revenue from deconversion fees would be a
decrease of approximately $33 million compared to last year, which we hit that mark, as I previously
said, during our fiscal Q3. And it now appears the deconversion revenue will actually be down by another
$4 million in Q4 compared to the previous year, for a total decrease of approximately $37 million in
deconversion fees compared to the last fiscal year.

We continue to see no immediate M&A activity that would drive deconversion revenue at this point, which,
in the short-term, will hurt -- will continue to hurt our revenue growth for the fiscal year. But in long
term, as we have always said, that we don't like deconversion revenue as we would much rather keep the
customer and the revenue for the long term. This means, based on the GAAP revenue guidance provided
in the press release impacted by the decreased deconversion fees, we expect GAAP revenue to grow --
growth in FY '21 to be 3% to 3.5%.

The adjustments between GAAP and non-GAAP revenue guidance for FY '21 is the decrease in
deconversion fees compared to the previous year and the small revenue impact from the Cruise divestiture
during Q2 that was removed from FY '20 for comparison purposes. For non-GAAP revenue growth
guidance provided in the release, we are now guiding to approximately 6% growth due to the ongoing
headwinds previously discussed in the various lines of revenue.

So we still anticipate we're going to grow 6% this year, which means Q4 is going to have a really nice
revenue growth to get our slightly less than 5% year-to-date up to that 6% for the year. We anticipate
GAAP operating margins for the full year of FY '21 to be down slightly at about 22% compared to last year,
for all the reasons we discussed. And non-GAAP margins should actually improve slightly compared to last
year for the entire fiscal year, similar to what we've seen through the first 3 quarters.

Our effective tax rate for the full year of FY '21 should be in line with FY '20 rate at around 22%,
assuming there are no federal or state tax law changes between now and the end of the year that would
impact our fiscal year. We've also increased our full year EPS guidance for FY '21 again this quarter,
which we provided last quarter a range of $3.85 to $3.90. We are now updating our EPS guidance
for FY '21 to a range of $3.98 to $4.02. The increase in guidance is primarily due to expense control,
margin improvement for the year and continued improved efficiencies, which is offsetting the impact of
deconversion fees.
With that, this concludes our opening comments, and we are now ready to take questions. Brandy, will you
please open the call lines up for questions?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Peter Heckmann with Davidson.

Peter James Heckmann
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division

Just in terms of the payment platform migration, can you remind us of the cost saves from closing down
the 2 duplicative platforms? And kind of just on a preliminary basis, what type of adjusted operating
margin expansion do you think that sets us up for fiscal '22?

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

So Pete, what we've always said is we're going to get at least a minimum of $16 million cost savings out
of that, and we're still sticking to that. Obviously, that's not going to all happen this quarter, and that's an
annual run rate. We are in the process right now of decommissioning both those platforms.

So there's -- all the cost savings is not going to be in this quarter. In fact, there's some other things that
we're still having to do through the end of December, I believe, for some programming and different things
to get the full efficiencies out of the new platforms.

So it's probably going to be Q3 of next fiscal year that we have the full quarterly impact of that $16
million-plus savings, but we're going to start getting some this quarter. So you will see some payments
margin expansion in Q4, and then you'll see more in Q1 and Q2 and then even more in Q3 next year.

Peter James Heckmann
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division

Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then just in terms of the marketplace and when you're talking to your
financial institutions, are there -- have there been any shifts in priorities over the last 3 to 6 months?
What are the hot button products that folks are interested in? And could you give us an update? I think
you gave us a number of Banno in the quarter, but maybe refresh us on a year-to-date basis on some of
the other newer solutions like treasury and loan origination?

David B. Foss
President, CEO & Director

Sure. So it's Dave, Pete. I won't say that there's been any major shift in this quarter. And we started to
see a shift in the -- earlier in the fiscal year for the heavy emphasis on digital and things that would allow
our customers' customers, so whether it's a consumer or a commercial customer, allow them to conduct
more business without coming into the branch. So the digital platform has, of course, been right at the
front of that list.

I'll reemphasize what I said in my opening comments here. In the press release we put out on April 6,
we said we had around 400 institutions and 4.3 million users live. A month later, on May 4, we now have
more than 5 million users live. So it really, I think, emphasizes the dramatic shift that's happening among
banks and credit unions to ensure that their consumers and their commercial customers have best-of-
breed digital technology for them to view. So that's been a key driver for our customers and certainly for
us.

Treasury is another piece of that puzzle. So I didn't call it out. And we have 12 so far this year as far as
treasury, new customers that have signed to the treasury platform. Again, that's a move toward a more
digital functionality, but for very large commercial customers. You don't install a treasury solution unless
you have really large commercial customers. Otherwise, they just use cash management. So that, I think,
is indicative.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

And then on the lending side, I've highlighted this many times, that's allowing a commercial customer to
do complex commercial loans online without having to drive to the branch with their financial statements
and all that packet of information. The thing that we have just recently done there is we've added this
lending marketplace functionality, where customers, if they have a credit that's too large for them to
book, they can essentially sell that credit through a marketplace to other lenders who want to take on the
responsibility for that credit.

So there's a lot of activity in all of those areas, but it is this shift toward doing business more in a digital
environment as opposed to coming into the branch. That's what's driving all of those things that I just
touched on.

Peter James Heckmann
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division

Got it. And then just a housekeeping. Kevin, what would you say would be ending diluted shares for the
period?

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

Oh.

David B. Foss
President, CEO & Director

It's around [ 75,000 ], right?

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

Yes, it's around [ 75,000 ], Pete.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Kartik Mehta with Northcoast Research.

Kartik Mehta
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Dave, I was just wondering if you could talk about what you think the backlog has been for your sales
pipeline. I know you talked about it last quarter, and it seems like things were really improving. And I'm
wondering if that momentum has continued? And -- or if there's any headwinds because you might still
not be able to see our customers face to face?

David B. Foss
President, CEO & Director

Actually, Kartik, that's one of the real pieces of good news in all this, and that's why I used the word
robust pipeline in the press release. We have really successfully shifted to enabling our sales team and
customers being accepting of doing business remote. They still like to have people come in once a while
and some customers insist on the sales rep coming in, but we're doing a lot of this remote.

A lot of the demonstrations that we do now are -- normally, where we would have had 5 or 6 people on
site, we'll, maybe we have 1 or 2 on site, and the other 4 are on a team's call or on a Zoom call doing the
demonstration. So customers have really become to -- or gotten to the point where they'll accept that idea
of much of this will be happening virtually.

And so what that's created now is, and I think I've said this on calls before, we -- a good gauge for us of
how stout our sales pipeline is, is if we are at about 90% of our annual quota, so not a monthly quota, but
the annual quota. At any given time on any given day, if we have about 90% of the annual quota in the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

pipeline, then we know that we've got enough happening, that we should be able to make our number. We
are right at that mark right now.

And so what that tells me is customers are engaging with us. They have salespeople working with them
on deals. And we were kind of back to a normal run rate that we would have seen in 2019, that's what
we're seeing today in the sales pipeline. So the number of engagements and the volume of deals that are
flowing through the pipe are about where we were in 2019.

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

And Kartik, the other part of your question, the backlog. I mean, if you remember, and we've talked about
this for years, the vast majority of our products have anywhere from a 9- to 18-month backlog of installs
at any given time. And so we have -- some of those backlogs, they've gotten a little smaller, but all of our
backlogs of all of our products are still very solid and very strong.

And as Dave mentioned in his opening comments, we signed 15 new core deals, and none of those are
going to be installed this fiscal year. Those are all going to be next year. So all of those are going into our
backlog, along with a lot -- all the other products that are being sold.

Kartik Mehta
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Kevin, I know you want to talk too much about FY '22. But based on Dave's comments and your
comments, is there any reason that you shouldn't be able to continue to accelerate top line? I'm not
talking about going from 6% to 9%, but at least continue to see modest improvement in top line.

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

Yes, I mean, obviously, Kartik, we're just starting the budget process for next year. But I feel very
comfortable that revenue growth next year will be stronger than it was this year, again, obviously, as the
economy continues to grow and do what we do, just getting through the -- and Dave can jump in here,
just getting through the payments migration.

And now we can focus wholly on adding new customers instead of migrating all of our existing customers
because that was such a major feat to get that done without disrupting our customers, I mean, that alone
should help drive some nice payment growth. Our remote deposit capture -- I know check conversion is
not sexy, but it just continues to be a major grower for us.

And then as we get back to the new core wins that we've seen and the migrations from end out, yes, I see
no reason why our revenue growth in the next fiscal year can't be up nicely from where it was this year.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of David Togut with Evercore ISI.

David Mark Togut
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Could you comment on the sustainability of this improvement in the quarter to 15 core deals, up from
what we've seen prior to this -- during COVID of about 6 to 7? Is this the new high watermark that you're
shooting for in the next kind of 12 months or so?

David B. Foss
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I don't have a crystal ball, Dave, so I can't give you exact prediction. But what we are seeing today,
as I quoted in my comments, we are back to the run rate that we saw in 2019. And I talked about it many
times on the calls at the time that we were on this run rate of booking 1 competitive takeaway per week.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Can I say with absolute certainty that we're going to do 52 deals next year? No. But it's certainly the
pace right now. And everything that we'll see in the pipeline for the next coming months, the pace is
definitely greater than it has been during COVID-19, during the depths of COVID-19, I guess, I'll put it
that way. And it's logical. I don't think anybody should be surprised that there was a slowdown in those
core decisions during the pandemic.

Because, as we've talked about before, when you're the CEO of a bank or credit union, you decide to
switch out your core, that's essentially making a decision to do heart-and-lung transplant all at the same
time for your institution. And it's a very disruptive -- no matter how smooth it goes, it's a disruptive
process. And why would you make that decision unless you absolutely have to? Why would you make that
decision in the midst of a global pandemic?

And so I think it's totally logical that we're back to that pace. All -- if you take COVID out of the picture,
all the other reasons for a customer to move to Jack Henry, those are all there still, just like they were
in 2019. And so I think these bank and credit union executives are seeing that now. They know how to
manage through in the COVID world, and now they're back to thinking about, "How do I find a best-of-
breed provider on the core side? Then let's go talk to Jack Henry."

David Mark Togut
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

And just as a follow-up, what are your preliminary expectations for fiscal 2022 adjusted operating margin?
Kevin, you noted that you would complete the full platform conversion in payments by the third quarter of
fiscal 2022. Does that lead to a significant margin boost next year?

David B. Foss
President, CEO & Director

Well, let's be clear here. The platform conversion is done. All the customers have moved up the legacy
platform. So we're done with the conversion. It's the follow-on. Yes, you can't just flip the light switch and
say, "Okay, now, everything is turned off." So that's what Kevin was alluding to, and sorry to talk over
you.

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

No, you're fine. So yes, I mean, maybe there is going to be a nice margin expansion next year. I mean, I
said earlier that our non-GAAP is going to finish up pretty much in line, it's slightly up from where it was
last year. It's -- we will gain more than 100 bps in operating margin in FY '22. And could it be more than
that? Yes. But I think, as I said earlier, it's going to take us some additional time. As Dave just said, it's
going to take some time to take out all these costs taken out.

And it's actually going to be by the end of the second quarter, I believe, when we get all the costs taken
out. So you're going to see some continued margin improvement throughout next fiscal year, and it will be
Q3 when you see the full impact of what the cost takeout from the payment migration. But as we continue
to add new payments customers, as we continue to add new core customers, as we continue to migrate
our on-prem customers to our private cloud, all those things will help our margins.

The other thing that I think a lot of people forget about is, with the M&A activity, obviously, our
deconversion fees are down. But on the other side, that is, in our -- both our GAAP and non-GAAP
numbers is what -- and Dave alluded to in his opening comments, is our convert-merge revenue because
our customers do a lot of acquiring as well. So we've had some significant headwinds this fiscal year on
our convert-merge revenue, we have done no risks or layoffs, so we still have all the costs.

So just having some -- the M&A activity picking up will not only give us back some deconversion fee
revenue, which we really don't want, that will also help with convert-merge revenue, which -- that will also
help our operating margins. So there's so many positive things that's going to help our operating margins
as these things get back to normal. Dave?

David B. Foss
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

President, CEO & Director

One comment I'll add here, while you're shifting to a new questioner. I didn't call it out in my comments,
but just since Dave asked about the impacts of this platform conversion, Kevin pointed out that we're
continuing to add new customers. I didn't call it in my comments, but we added 13 more brand-new
customers to that platform during the quarter. So this really is a growth driver for us now that we're
through the migration. We're continuing to add customers to that platform, net new.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Steve Comery with G. Research.

Steven Comery
G. Research, LLC

I was actually going to ask about that. Just some high-level thoughts on the feedback from customers now
that the card platform has totally transitioned. Any momentum selling the new platform? And kind of just
general high-level thoughts on what the opportunity is there.

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

Yes. Thank you, Steve. It really has been -- the words that I used in my opening comments were about
how amazing and successful this conversion has been. I mean this has been a huge effort. And our -- so
we've migrated all these customers. We've added 150 new customers, now another 13 in this quarter that
weren't doing business with us before on the card platform. We are now positioned to sell credit and have
been selling credit, which, of course, we didn't have before we put this new platform in place.

Customer response has been terrific. Our customers are much happier. They're definitely referenceable,
which is what's leading to all of these successes in signing new customers to the platform. So it really has
been the right move for Jack Henry. It was a long-term project, and there was pain along the way because
you're disrupting all these customers, but it really was the right decision. It's been a good move for us, for
our customers. And so we're well positioned for growth in the future.

And the one thing I'll emphasize that we've talked about on previous calls, haven't talked about it in a
while, but our old platform was dependent on a Jack Henry core system for those -- for the old platforms
to function. This new platform is not dependent on a Jack Henry core system, which means we can sell
debit and credit outside the Jack Henry core base, which we couldn't do in the past. And so now we are
positioned to start doing that as well as adding new customers from within the Jack Henry core base.

Steven Comery
G. Research, LLC

Yes. And actually, my next question is on the same topic as that as well. So Banno, I think, historically,
has been primarily marketed to Jack Henry core customers. Just any sort of thoughts on the puts and
takes as far as marketing that outside the Jack Henry core base? Or is there still a lot of empty space to
go to current Jack Henry core customers there?

David B. Foss
President, CEO & Director

Yes. It's a good question. There is a lot of opportunity within the Jack Henry core base. And what I've
highlighted in the past is we are intensely focused right now on delivering Banno business, which is the
other big chunk. So Banno, so far, has been positioned as a consumer application. Banno business will be
delivered later this year.

And by the way, those of you who attend the Analyst Day next week, Ben, who runs digital for us, is going
to update you on that Banno business and kind of what that means for us. But Banno business will be
delivered later this calendar year. And so once we have Banno consumer and Banno business all up and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

running and live and good to go, then we start selling outside the Jack Henry core base. So that will be
later in 2020 -- calendar 2022 is when we'll start selling outside the core base.

But we want to make sure that we have everything tight and right with our core customers before we start
to go after sales outside the Jack Henry core base. But we definitely will be doing that. And right now, the
target is late calendar 2022.

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

And I'd just add one thing to that is -- so if you think about it, Steve, I mean, right now, we are at about
just over 20% of our core customers that are using Banno. So we've got an enormous amount of runway.
And obviously, as Dave said, we want to take care of our core customers.

The other thing I'd point out is we've actually -- and I've never seen this. I've been in this business
for a long time, I've never seen a complementary product actually win a core deal. And we've actually
won some very nice core wins because we are only selling Banno to our core customers. So it's -- that's
another reason to make sure we've taken care of all of our core -- our own core customers before we start
going outside the base.

Steven Comery
G. Research, LLC

Yes. Maybe just one final clarification there on the Banno consumer versus Banno business. Is the revenue
opportunity similar for each product? Or how would you handicap that?

David B. Foss
President, CEO & Director

That's a good question. I would say, a commercial customer tends to pay more for that functionality than
a consumer does, but you don't have as many of them to work with at each institution. So depending on
the makeup of the institution, if they're highly commercial focused, I'd say there's a greater opportunity
at that institution. If they're primarily consumer-focused retail then there's a lesser opportunity. So it just
depends on the institution, the makeup of the institution.

But if they're heavily commercial, there is a significant opportunity once we roll out that functionality. So if
we'll go around to our existing customers who are running Banno consumer, yes, he'll be first on the list to
say, "Okay, now we have Banno for business. Let's add that." And that will be essentially the easy button
for those customers that have already deployed the panel for their consumer base.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of John Davis with Raymond James.

John Kimbrough Davis
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Kevin, I just want to start on the margin. I think 3Q was a good -- bit better than I think we and most
people expected. But then the 4Q guide, I think, implies a little bit of a deterioration. But historically,
you've seen a little bit of a tick up in 4Q. So maybe just the puts and takes of the margin sequentially as
we enter the fourth quarter here.

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

Yes. So part of that, JD, is Q3 -- I mean, obviously, we had some very nice savings from travel-related
savings costs. We are starting to pick up travel again. In fact, our corporate travel is almost back up to
where it was pre-COVID. Commercial is not quite there yet.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

But I think travel is going to pick back up even more in Q4, which is -- and that's really the only negative
I see happening on the margins in Q4. Everything else is pretty much where it should be. Again, we're not
seeing a lot of convert-merge revenue, which, those are very nice margins for us.

And I think as the M&A starts picking up, and Dave mentioned in his opening comments, there is starting
to be a lot of clamor out there about M&A. And a lot of our customers are willing to get back to it. So I
think that's going to pick right back up next fiscal year, but I just don't see it happening yet in Q4.

John Kimbrough Davis
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Okay, that's helpful. And then any comments on stimulus impacts? Was that in the guide before? Is that
what's driving the modest uptick in the non-GAAP x deconversion fee revenue? Just curious if you guys
have seen any kind of impact on your debit processing business from stimulus?

David B. Foss
President, CEO & Director

So there has been some impact on the debit business. We haven't tried to quantify that as a separate
stand-alone number. Certainly, there has been a significant growth in the -- on the debit business.

The interesting thing is stimulus payments have definitely been a driver for growth in digital. So not just
for Banno, but for anybody who's out there in the space, because of customers who have been looking
to access that money and manage their money through the digital channel. That has been a driver in
transaction volume and also in growth of users.

I think that's across the industry, because so many consumers now have been actively trying to manage
those stimulus payments. But as far as debit volume, we haven't tried to carve that out and segregate the
impact of stimulus from the rest of the volume. It's just baked in the numbers.

John Kimbrough Davis
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Okay. And then, Kevin, it's been a long time since I've seen you guys be this aggressive on a buyback. If
my math is right, you guys spent about $275 million in the quarter on the buyback, obviously, still have a
phenomenal balance sheet, plenty of firepower there. So any reason why, maybe not to that level, but you
wouldn't continue to buy back shares here? Just curious, any commentary, and maybe you can weave in
if there's been any changes in the M&A environment, which I'm kind of doubting given valuations, but just
curious there, too.

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

So that's one of the things I tried to be clear about in my opening comments, JD, was that this does not
signal some significant change in our strategy. We've said, time and time again, that if we have excess
cash, we don't see a good acquisition on the horizon, we will do stock buybacks. We're committed to our
dividend policy, but we'll do stock buybacks, absent a good acquisition.

One of the challenges that we've highlighted many times on these calls is valuations are getting pretty
high on these potential companies that we could acquire. Everybody has stars in their eyes about doing
an IPO, and or possibly bounce back and getting some great big valuation. And so absent a really solid
acquisition that fits our strategy, share buybacks continue to be an option for us, particularly when the
share price is down, like it was here a few months ago. That's what really drove us to get more active with
the Board and make a significant move.

John Kimbrough Davis
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Okay. And then last one for me, Dave, maybe a big picture here. Just the competitive dynamics in the core
segment, maybe splice out credit unions versus banks. One of your competitors has made some noise

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

about making some progress from credit unions lately. So just curious there if anything's changed to the
pandemic or kind of how you see it today.

David B. Foss
President, CEO & Director

Absolutely not. So we -- of the deals that we've won this year, we've won 17 competitive takeaways on the
credit union side of the business. So very strong in the credit union side. No change with the competitive
landscape.

There is nobody winning as many deals as Jack Henry, as far as new core displacements. And that's that
was true before the pandemic. It is true today. I don't think anything of any significance has changed
because of the pandemic with regard to our positioning on the core side, or our ability to win on the core
side.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Ken Suchoski with Autonomous Research.

Kenneth Christopher Suchoski
Autonomous Research LLP

I think you mentioned that 5 out of the 15 core competitive takeaways were multibillion-dollar institutions.
And I believe Jack Henry, historically, has focused primarily on smaller institutions in the market. So can
you talk about your appetite to move upmarket? And then are there any features or capabilities you need
to add to really push upmarket and be successful there?

David B. Foss
President, CEO & Director

Yes. That is a misconception that absolutely drives me nuts, Ken. I just got to say that right here. Jack
Henry has been a player in the multibillion-dollar space for well over 10 years. So if we were having this
call 15 years ago, I would totally agree with what you just said. We were not a player in the multibillion-
dollar space.

But for the past 10, 15 years, we have continued to grow in that space. We are the dominant player on
the credit union side, almost 50%, and you'll see the numbers next week at the analyst conference. I
can't quote it exactly off the top of my head, but close to 50% of the over $1 billion credit unions run our
Jack Henry Episys solution. So we are by far the dominant player on the credit union side with a single
platform.

On the banking side, we have somewhere around 23% to 25% of the multibillion-dollar market running
on -- almost all of them on our SilverLake platform. We have continued to push upmarket. It is a key part
of our strategy. We have continued to add functionality over the years, and we are winning in that space
regularly, just as I emphasized on the call today.

So we have -- we are not the little brother in the multibillion-dollar banking space. We are definitely a
player. But the question for us is, historically, we have been below about $50 billion. And so one of the
things that Stacey will talk about at the Analyst Day next week is that we are -- we do have an initiative
to move above $50 billion because that has not been a market that we've been in historically. We've been
below $50 billion, but we have teams, and we've been actively working in that space as well.

So we definitely are not targeting smaller banks. In fact, if you're a credit union below about $100 million
in assets or a bank below about $200 million in assets, Jack Henry, generally, is not the fit. We're the fit
for a -- right around $1 billion is a real sweet spot for us. But as I mentioned, we've continued to grow
upmarket here for many years.

Kenneth Christopher Suchoski
Autonomous Research LLP

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Right. Okay. That's really helpful. And then I guess when we think about margins for fiscal year '23, the
platform migration will be behind you. I mean what's the right way to think about margins or even margin
expansion after fiscal year '22?

And I'm just looking back at some numbers here. I mean Jack Henry had a roughly 24% operating margin
in fiscal year '18. Is that a good benchmark for fiscal year '23?

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

Yes, it probably is, Ken. I mean once we get next year behind us, get FY '22 behind us, and get the full
benefit of the payment migration platform migration, we should go back in FY '23 to the typical 50 to 100
bps margin expansion that we saw historically before we started.

And if you think about it, I mean, '18 is about when we started this -- the payment platform migration.
So there was already some degradation on our margins even in '18 that kind of grew since then. So we
should see some nice margin -- very nice margin expansion in '22 and again in '23.

Kenneth Christopher Suchoski
Autonomous Research LLP

Right. Yes, I think that's right. Yes, I think the margins came down about 30 bps, it looks like, in '18
versus '17. And then just maybe one last question for me. I think if I do the math right, you're going to
accelerate your non-GAAP revenue growth to kind of high single digits, maybe even low double digits here
in fiscal 4Q. Can you talk about the sustainability of that growth rate? And do you think fiscal year '22 can
grow at a similar level? Or is it something below that a good assumption?

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

No. So there's a couple of things that you got to remember in Q4 is we've got some pretty easy comps
from last year, especially on the payment side. So you are right in your math, right? I mean, non-GAAP,
you're going to see very high single-digit growth, maybe even low double, but it's probably in the 8% to
9% in Q4 to get us to that 6% non-GAAP growth for the year.

But like I answered a previous question, I think for FY '22, you're probably going to see us grow faster
than we did in FY '21. That's not going to be high single digits. It's probably going to be in the 7% to 8%
range like we saw before the pandemic hit.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Dominick Gabriele with Oppenheimer.

Dominick Joseph Gabriele
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

You mentioned the $37 million decrease year-over-year in deconversion fees. And I'm actually not even
asking about that, but what I'm curious about is the dynamic between winning new deals and the lack of
switching among your existing clients and how your retention rates have changed over time? And how
that's really -- the retention rate is baked into your forecast moving forward?

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

So the retention -- our retention rate is incredibly high, and we talk about that regularly. I'm concerned
that you may have just a little bit of a misconception about deconversion fees. So when we get
deconversion fees, that's because one of our customers has been acquired by somebody else. And so they
are buying their way out of the existing contract that we have.

We have no control over whether somebody is being acquired by another institution. We do have a good
track record of doing -- of saving those accounts by convincing the acquirer to switch to the Jack Henry

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

system. Those are hard to do, and it's rare that you are able to do that because the acquirer is making
all the decisions, and the acquiree is having to respond to those decisions. But we have, several times,
convinced the acquiring bank to convert to the Jack Henry system. But those are hard, and those are rare.

So what drives deconversion revenue is one of our customers being acquired away. It's not that they're
angry with Jack Henry and decide to leave us, and now they got to pay to get out of the agreement. It's
-- 100% of the time, I'd say it's because they've been acquired by somebody else. So that really doesn't
come into the retention rate conversation. And again, our retention rates are well into the upper 90s as far
as the core base.

Dominick Joseph Gabriele
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Okay. Great. And then maybe if you could talk about your -- just kind of a small item, but if you could you
talk about the R&D expense and kind of what some of the projects you're working on there? And where
you're expecting your R&D expense to be trending over the next, whatever, time frame, I guess, you feel
like providing? That would be really, really helpful. It was just -- it was a little lower than I would have
expected.

David B. Foss
President, CEO & Director

So we tend to run at about 14% of revenue, all in, for R&D. So it's cap software, it's R&D expense, about
14% of revenue. And that's been 5 years, probably, we've been at that number, more than 5 years. Yes.
So about 14% of revenue for several years, that's a number I'm very comfortable with looking forward
because we're committed to doing these innovative new solutions.

So talking of those solutions, some of them we've talked about here. We have digital is on that list,
continuing to do a lot of investment in digital. Continuing to do investment in the treasury platform
because our larger banks that are serving larger commercial customers are continuing to look for
additional functionality. So that's on the list as far as R&D projects is concerned.

We have our -- the core systems, we're continuing to do investment. That's something that you never say
you're done. There's always ongoing investment in the core systems with new functionality and new look
and feel. The user experience is constantly being updated.

Our lending platform, so I highlighted that a little while ago in this conversation, lots of ongoing
investment there to expand the functionality, to allow our customers, particularly on the commercial
side, to do online lending. But we've also, in the past year or so, been investing in new functionality
for consumer lending and consumer deposits, to deliver best-of-breed functionality when it comes to
originating accounts online.

And then the last I'd highlight is in the area of fraud. So a lot of investment going on in the fraud area,
where new functionality to deliver a more digital experience, I guess, around managing fraud for our
customers.

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

And Dominick, the other thing I remember, and I agree 100% with Dave, I mean, our total all-in for R&D
and cap software is going to be 14%. The percentage of revenue that's in R&D expense on the P&L is
going to fluctuate a little bit depending on the timing of projects and when they actually start capitalizing
in and capitalizing because we'll obviously have to follow the accounting gods' rules for capitalization.

And so there may be times that we're complete with projects, and we're not really ready to start another
project capitalizing. So that quarter R&D expense may be 8% of total revenue, where, this quarter, it was
6%, because we actually were capitalizing a little higher percentage because we had so many projects, as
Dave just pointed out, that were in flight.

Dominick Joseph Gabriele

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Great. That's really, really helpful. I really appreciate it. And then maybe just one more, where -- is
there any difference between the conversations within your sales force between actually obtaining new
credit union versus being clients as a whole? And I guess, all I'm asking is, is there one that's ready to
reaccelerate their tech stack into the future versus one? And clearly, you guys are a big leader in the credit
union space.

David B. Foss
President, CEO & Director

Yes. It's an interesting question. I wouldn't say that the credit union industry or the banking industry one
is ahead of the other. Historically, credit unions have been more tech-forward, I guess I'll put it that way.
They've always been more apt to invest in technology just -- since even when I started in this business a
long time ago.

Credit unions have always put technology at the front of the line. They've used it as a differentiator
against banks, and not just against big banks, but against banks just in general. And part of their rationale
has been that they have money to spend on technology.

They don't -- they haven't historically built as many branches that banks have. They've tried to use
technology to be the differentiator. But I don't think there's been any change recently as far as one or the
other kind of changing their profile or being more aggressive about going after new technology.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Vasu Govil with KBW.

Vasundhara Govil
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

I guess my first question is just a clarification question on the revenue guide. The delta between the GAAP
and the non-GAAP, I think it was roughly $30 million prior quarter and now it's about $17 million. But I
think, Kevin, you talked about deconversion fees going down $4 million to $5 million, I thought. So like
what's the remaining delta, kind of? If you could provide some clarification there.

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

Well, I mean, a lot of it happened this quarter because, as I mentioned in my opening comments, our
convert-merge revenue was not where we thought it was going to be this quarter. We're just not seeing
the M&A activity. Hardware sales continue to be down. On-prem installations continue to be down. So it's
really not -- the change was not really in Q4, it was really Q3. We came up a little short. As most of you
pointed out in your first call notes, we had a revenue miss.

But yet, we were still very efficient and actually expanded our margins and still exceeded EPS consensus
guidance for the quarter, and we raised it for the year. So yes, I mean, the delta changed a little bit, but
it's really not a whole lot of impact on Q4 as what happened in Q3.

Vasundhara Govil
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Understood. And then I just -- just continuing on the 3Q trends, the core and the payment segment. If I
look at the non-GAAP growth rates, payments was a lot better, and core improvement was a little bit less
than we would have thought, just given also the easier comps in core. So if you could talk about like the
puts and takes and sort of what drove the growth rate and what you're expecting for the fourth quarter --
in the fourth quarter, particularly.

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

So again, in -- again, in core, is because of on-prem installations and convert-merge revenue not being
where we thought they were going to be as we guided. And we just don't see those coming back in Q4
either.

Vasundhara Govil
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Understood. And then I guess last one, sort of a broader question on the competitive environment.
Several small point solution providers are sort of emerging. Many of them are going public. How do you
see that trend having an impact on your growth rates in the complementary segment, if at all?

David B. Foss
President, CEO & Director

Yes. It's something that we watch pretty closely. And you're right, and it's essentially what I was alluding
to earlier when I was talking about the M&A environment. Those companies who maybe would have put
themselves up for sale in the past, they would have been a potential acquisition target for Jack Henry. All
of them, these days, are thinking going through an IPO. And so I think it's just a little bit different than
the number that are trying to IPO and take advantage of the frothiness in the market right now.

But none of them are doing anything that's particularly -- it's not a threat, and particularly threatening
to Jack Henry, or new or different or anything like that. We are very well positioned to compete with the
names that, I think, most of them that you would throw out at me, if you were to throw out names. I
would tell you exactly how we're positioned and where we're positioned to compete with them, and we are
not worried about our ability to compete with some of these folks.

They're taking advantage of the times. And there's a lot of interest in fintech right now, and they're
getting valuations that are exciting. And we'll see where they sit 5 years from now.

Operator

And there are no further questions at this time.

Kevin D. Williams
CFO & Treasurer

Okay. Thanks, Brandy. As a reminder, as Dave mentioned, our virtual Analyst Day is scheduled next week,
a week from today, actually, on Tuesday, May 11. It will be beginning at 1:00. If you have not registered,
but you would like to, you can contact Vance Sherard, that's vsherard@jackhenry.com, and he can send
you a registration link to sign up for the event.

Now to wrap up the call. We are very pleased with the overall results from our ongoing operations, and
I want to thank all of our associates for the way they have handled these challenges by taking care of
themselves and our customers and continue to work hard to improve our company to continue moving
forward for the future. All of us at Jack Henry continue to focus on what is best for our customers and our
shareholders.

With that, I want to thank you again for joining us today. And Brandy, would you please now provide the
replay number for the call?

Operator
Yes. And at this time, this does conclude today's conference call. But if you would like to listen to the
replay, you may do so by dialing 1 (800) 585-8367. Thank you, and have a great day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

