Johnson & Johnson NYSE:JNJ
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, April 14, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.00

2.30

Revenue  (mm)

19475.51

20691.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-14-2020 1:15 PM GMT

15.00

6.24

1.53

7.80

9.35

17673.71

79374.07

87942.99

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.44

2.01

1.87

2.00

2.58

2.12

1.88

2.30

5.74 %

5.47 %

0.53 %

15.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

18

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Alex Gorsky
Chairman & CEO

Christopher DelOrefice
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Joaquin Duato
Vice Chairman of Executive
Committee

Joseph J. Wolk
Executive VP & CFO

Paulus A. Stoffels
Chief Scientific Officer

ANALYSTS

Christopher Thomas Schott
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Joanne Karen Wuensch
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Louise Alesandra Chen
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research
Division

Terence C. Flynn
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning. Welcome to Johnson & Johnson's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions]

This call is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, you may disconnect at this time. [Operator
Instructions]

I would now like to turn the conference call over to Johnson & Johnson. You may begin.

Christopher DelOrefice
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning. This is Chris DelOrefice, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson.
Welcome to our company's review of business results for the first quarter of 2020. I hope everyone
is healthy and remaining safe during these times. With safety in mind, we're utilizing a more virtual
approach and exercising social distancing while conducting this call.

Joining me on the call today to address Johnson & Johnson's response to the coronavirus global pandemic,
along with our first quarter results, are Alex Gorsky, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief
Executive Officer; Dr. Paul Stoffels, Vice Chairman of the Executive Committee and Chief Scientific Officer;
and Joe Wolk, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer. During the Q&A portion of the call, Joaquin
Duato, Vice Chairman of the Executive Committee, will also join Alex, Paul, Joe and myself.

A few logistics before we get into the details. This review is being made available via webcast, accessible
through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website at investor.jnj.com, where you
can also find additional materials, including today's presentation and associated schedules.

We would like to draw your attention to the fact that there are slight changes to the sales reporting for
the Medical Devices and Pharmaceutical businesses, which I will comment to as I review the segment
commentary. Additionally, those changes are noted, and reconciliations are available on the website.

We appreciate you joining us on the call today. In order for us to provide insights related to the COVID-19
pandemic and to allow for ample time for Q&A, the call will last around 90 minutes.

Please note that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements. We encourage you to review
the cautionary statement included in today's presentation, which identifies certain factors that may
cause the company's actual results to differ materially from those projected. In particular, there is
significant uncertainty about the duration and contemplated impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. This
means that results could change at any time and the contemplated impact of COVID-19 on the company's
business results and outlook is a best estimate based on the information available as of today's date.
Our SEC filings, including our 2019 Form 10-K, along with reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial
measures utilized for today's discussion to the most comparable GAAP measures, are also available at
investor.jnj.com.

Several of the products and compounds discussed today are being developed in collaboration with
strategic partners or licensed from other companies. This slide acknowledges those relationships.

Moving to today's agenda. Alex will start with his perspectives related to the COVID-19 pandemic and
J&J's response. Paul will then update you on our efforts to develop a vaccine for the COVID-19 virus, along
with J&J's therapeutic development efforts. Next, I will cover consolidated and segment sales information,
along with some operational highlights from the P&L with the estimated COVID-19 impact framed where
applicable. Joe will conclude by providing insights on the status of our operations, including actions we are
taking to maintain business continuity, how we think about our capital allocation during this time, and we'll
provide an update on our full year guidance. The remaining time will be available for your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

I'm now pleased to turn the call over to Alex Gorsky.

Alex Gorsky
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Chris, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. I also want to thank Joaquin Duato and Dr.
Paul Stoffels for joining our first quarter webcast. As the Vice Chairs at Johnson & Johnson and given the
leadership role they are playing as we mobilize our efforts and resources across the company to address
COVID-19, I thought it would be helpful to have both of them available to answer potential questions and
convey key information. Paul will also share a more detailed perspective in his prepared commentary,
which will follow my remarks.

Clearly, COVID-19 is at the forefront of everyone's mind, which is why we plan to spend a fair amount of
time during the earnings webcast discussing this unprecedented global pandemic, the profound impact it's
having on global public health and our unwavering commitment to create and deliver value to all of our
stakeholders. Johnson & Johnson was built for times like this, and our strong first quarter results are just
one reflection of our sustainable business model. Our Johnson & Johnson colleagues remain focused on
delivering on the commitments and responsibilities to our patients, doctors, nurses, employees, parents,
children, communities and shareholders as defined in our credo.

As we announced this morning, we increased our quarterly dividend by 6.3% to $1.01, which is another
reflection of our stability and further underscores our commitment to delivering value to our shareholders.
This marks the 58th consecutive year of dividend increases for Johnson & Johnson, and we believe that
taking this action is the right thing to do for our shareholders at this time, and importantly, a strong
example of the confidence we have in our business now and in the future.

Given Chris and Joe will discuss our first quarter performance and outlook in greater detail, I'd like to take
just a few minutes to highlight 4 pillars of strength that reinforce why Johnson & Johnson is built for times
like this. These pillars serve as the foundation of our resiliency and response to the current COVID-19
crisis and provide a dynamic foundation for Johnson & Johnson to continue to build a stronger, healthier
and successful future for all of our stakeholders. Now we recognize the challenges that individuals,
companies in the world are facing right now. But as we look forward, we are confident that, together, we
will win this fight against the COVID-19 pandemic, and we are maintaining a long-term view of optimism.

The first pillar is our long-standing belief in driving both performance and purpose with equal commitment.
Across Johnson & Johnson, we operate with the belief there is a tightly linked connection between our
company's purpose, which is to advance health for humanity; and our financial performance, which
has helped us deliver life-saving medicines and life-saving products; as well as invest and support
communities around the world. We recognize the challenges that families and their loved ones are
facing in these volatile and unpredictable times, and this is exactly why, across our enterprise, we've
been working so hard to help those in need and to accelerate our collective efforts towards ending this
pandemic.

Some examples of note include: We are applying all of our capabilities to support nurses, doctors,
midwives and community health workers. Recently, it was announced that Johnson & Johnson family of
companies and the Johnson & Johnson Foundation are increasing our previous $250 million commitment
over 10 years by an additional $50 million for immediate COVID-19 response. This contribution will
primarily focus on supporting frontline health workers who are truly modern-day heroes in the backbone
of the health care system. We are also working diligently to convert manufacturing lines in several facilities
around the world for products most in need during the pandemic, so we can continue to provide important
medicines and products to patients.

The second pillar I want to highlight is our strategic advantage of being the most broadly based health
care company in the industry. Leading across the Pharmaceutical, Consumer and Medical Devices
segments provides us with a unique and powerful perspective that enables us to see more, reach more,
learn more and do more across the full spectrum of health as well as throughout every age and stage
of our patients' and consumers' lives. In fact, in our Pharmaceutical business, we are thrilled to have
identified a lead candidate for a potential vaccine. In Consumer, TYLENOL is one of our most iconic and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

trusted brands by consumers and health care professionals for reducing fever, and we have increased
production running our TYLENOL manufacturing plant 24/7 to maximize supply. We've also refocused our
manufacturing lines to make our easiest-to-produce pills, which are the white TYLENOL caplets, so we can
increase production and throughput. In Medical Devices, we are experiencing a near-term negative impact
and expect this to continue, while elective procedures are deferred and hospital resources are redeployed
to address patients impacted by this pandemic. That said, Medical Devices has historically been a strong
market, and we believe the underlying fundamentals of the market remain intact. We continue to see
tremendous potential over the long term to serve our patients and customers. And at this time and in
this time of need, we are utilizing our supply chain delivery and 3D printing expertise in collaboration
with Prisma Health to manufacture and distribute the VESper Ventilator Expansion Splitter device, which
addresses the acute ventilator shortage during the COVID-19 pandemic and at no cost to health care
providers. Additionally, we continue to support and ensure product availability to health care workers,
hospital systems and surgeons in critical need areas such as trauma, stroke and other life-saving surgeries
that cannot be deferred.

The third pillar is our unparalleled scientific expertise. Innovation is integral to our ability to deliver
breakthrough health care solutions, and the remarkable and ambitious work that we have underway to
eradicate COVID-19 is a true testament to this fact. Based on 134 years of experience, we know that
the power of our science, the scale of our business and the dedication of our employees is critical in
driving innovative solutions that can change people's lives for the better and change the face of health
care. In collaboration with scientists from various external institutions, we have been able to identify a
lead COVID-19 vaccine candidate. We will leverage the scientific expertise of our internal teams with a
decade of work spent developing vaccines for HIV, Zika and Ebola to apply the groundbreaking science and
scalable manufacturing platform that we already have in place. This is monumental and is much needed.
We are accelerating time lines and plan to begin production at risk imminently, and we are committed to
bringing an affordable vaccine to the public on a not-for-profit basis for emergency pandemic use.

The fourth and last pillar is the world-class talent, capabilities and dedication of our 132,000 colleagues
worldwide. We always take actions and employ tactics that support our Johnson & Johnson colleagues,
both professionally and personally, to ensure they are safe and well equipped, and today is no different.
We are ensuring employees are able to play their part in helping to fight the COVID-19 outbreak at home
and at work. Some examples include: We've implemented significantly enhanced sanitizing procedures
and appropriate distancing to ensure we maintain safe, clean and well-functioning facilities across our
manufacturing, distribution centers and research and development sites. We're rolling out a onetime
award of $1,000 per essential employee with cost of living adjustments globally whose presence is
required on-site to recognize the extraordinary work these employees are doing to advance our science
and ensure supply of our most essential products and medicines. We're providing 100% of base salary
and benefits through April 30 to employees who are primary caregivers and are unable to work remotely
due to COVID-related family care responsibilities, underlying health issues, connectivity issues or other
unique circumstances. And we're granting up to 14 weeks of paid leave to employees around the world
with medical training who volunteer or who are called to serve the communities in diagnosing, treating
and providing health support related to COVID-19.

And underpinning each of these 4 pillars is our credo. Our credo has been a source of both inspiration and
confidence for me and my Johnson & Johnson colleagues, especially in times like these. For more than
75 years, our credo has been the moral compass that guides our business decisions and is the blueprint
that outlines how we operate and care for the world. Guided by our credo and an unyielding sense of
purpose, we have created a powerful legacy of improving the health and well-being of people worldwide
while delivering sustainable long-term value to all of our stakeholders. We have a century-plus history of
leading in times of great challenge. We've done it before, and we can do it again. This is what the world
expects of us, and this is what we are all committed to and prepared to do.

Now as the world continues to face the significant and urgent public health crisis, I want to emphasize that
across Johnson & Johnson, we are leveraging our broad-based size and scale to think, lead and operate
with the same level of incredible urgency, relying on the same courage, conviction and core strengths that
set us apart and empower us to make a positive impact on society and health care. I am both proud and
amazed at the level of dedication that I've witnessed from every Johnson & Johnson business, function

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

team and person over the last several weeks. Now we certainly don't have all the answers today, but we'll
find the ones needed to ensure our success for tomorrow, and we won't take shortcuts to compromise our
standards or our values as we move with speed and determination.

As I said earlier, Johnson & Johnson is built for times like this. We take a long-term strategic view,
which means we're in this for the long haul, delivering value to all of our stakeholders. I look forward to
addressing your questions during the upcoming Q&A, but I'll now turn it over to Paul, who will provide an
update on the progress we're making with the COVID-19 vaccine development. Thank you.

Paul?

Paulus A. Stoffels
Chief Scientific Officer

Thank you, Alex. I'm pleased to provide an update on our multipronged approach to addressing
COVID-19, including developing a vaccine and screening of compound libraries to identify potential new
treatments to address this pandemic. In addition, we are exploring immunomodulators to protect against
acute respiratory distress syndrome, or ARDS, in COVID-19. While we focus today on finding potential new
treatments, ultimately, a vaccine is key to eradicating the ongoing threat of the pandemic. Since 2011,
Johnson & Johnson has invested heavily to build state-of-the-art vaccine capabilities, which we used to
develop and manufacture our Ebola, Zika, RSV and HIV vaccine candidates. We are bringing to bear those
same capabilities to rapidly accelerate our efforts toward the potential COVID-19 vaccine. We are pleased
to see that there are many approaches to vaccines for COVID-19 which show the importance of ongoing
research in industry over the past several decades. Our COVID-19 vaccine program leverages Janssen's
adenovector and PER.C6 technologies that provide the ability to rapidly develop new vaccine candidates
and upscale production of the optimal vaccine candidate.

Based on the WHO criteria for key attributes for prioritizing vaccine platforms, here on the right, the
attributes of our platform put us in a leadership position. First, our Adeno 26 viral vector platform induces
potent and long-lasting humoral and cellular immune responses in humans. Further, this approach has
very low to no risk on respiratory disease enhancement based on the immune responses observed across
our programs. This is in line with the observation that targeted preclinical models used in context of the
RSV vaccine development have shown that this platform is not associated with enhanced respiratory
disease. Our platform has a proven safety profile. More than 50,000 people have been vaccinated, and we
have demonstrated that it's well tolerated.

Our PER.C6 cell line offers a high-yielding vaccine manufacturing platform and is scalable and fully
industrialized, providing us the ability to make hundreds of millions of vaccines per year. Capacity in our
Leiden-based vaccines launch facility is as high as 300 million doses per year.

Finally, we have 2 to 8 Celsius stability data on our vaccine, making it compatible with standard vaccine
distribution channels and therefore will not require new infrastructure to get it to the people who need it.

We began working on the vaccine candidate in early January as soon as the coronavirus sequence became
first available. As you can see in the infographic on the right, to make vaccine candidates, we insert a
piece of the spike protein into the genome of a non-replicating and therefore, non-infective adenovirus,
a type of common cold virus. The research teams at Janssen, in collaboration with BIDMC at Harvard
Medical School, constructed and tested multiple vaccine candidates. The vaccine constructs were tested
then to identify those with most promise in producing an immune response in preclinical testing. Based on
this work, Johnson & Johnson announced on March 30 that we have identified a lead COVID-19 vaccine
candidate, along with 2 backups. In order for any vaccine to be manufactured to GMP in large quantities,
it is necessary to first produce a master seed bank, which is then progenitive of all future large-scale
vaccination batches. All 3 candidates are now entering pre master seed production. Final selection of start
of master seed production is expected in June 2020.

As we have already announced, we are expanding our global manufacturing capacity in parallel, including
the establishment of a new U.S. vaccine manufacturing capability. We are also in discussions with other
potential partners to expand manufacturing capacity in Europe and Asia and look forward to making those

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

announcements in the coming weeks. We plan to begin production at risk imminently, and our goal is to
enable the supply of more than 1 billion doses of the vaccine globally. We are on track to start Phase I
clinical trials in early September in the U.S. and Europe with clinical data on safety and immunogenicity
expected to be available by the end of the year. This could allow vaccine availability for emergency use
authorization as early as early 2021. We are confident in this vaccine candidate because we have now
seen good data in animal models. While we are moving with extreme speed, we are absolutely committed
to making sure that our vaccine follows all guidelines with regard to Good Manufacturing Practices and
quality controls. We are not cutting any corners when it comes to safety. We are able to achieve this
speed because we are doing several processes in parallel, many at risk, rather than in sequence. In
addition to our work on vaccines, we are screening compound libraries, including compounds from Janssen
and other pharmaceutical companies, to identify potential treatments against COVID-19 and exploring
immunomodulators to protect against ARDS.

The antiviral screening efforts are being conducted in partnership with the Rega Institute at the University
of Leuven in Belgium. As I mentioned, we have been able to reach this point as a result of multiple
collaborations. As you also saw in the March 30 announcement, as part of our new partnership with
BARDA, we have together committed more than $1 billion of investment to co-fund vaccine research,
development, clinical testing and accelerated manufacturing. If a vaccine is approved, we will work
with relevant health care authorities to ensure that our products are accessible wherever needed. We
are committed to bringing an affordable vaccine to the public on a not-for-profit basis for emergency
pandemic use.

In conclusion, I want to note that COVID-19 is one of the most severe global health challenges we have
seen in our lifetimes. But at the same time, we have unprecedented science and technology available
today to help us mount a fast and effective response. Johnson & Johnson is committed to harnessing the
latest tools, sharing knowledge and resources and fueling global collaborations to help the world win the
fight against COVID-19 and be even better prepared for possible future pandemics.

Now I will turn it over to Chris to discuss our results for the quarter. Thank you.

Christopher DelOrefice
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Paul. Now we'll provide our Q1 results. Worldwide sales were $20.7 billion for the first quarter
of 2020, an increase of 3.3% versus the first quarter of 2019. Operational sales growth, which excludes
the effect of translational currency, increased 4.8% as currency had a negative impact of 1.5 points.
In the U.S., sales increased 5.6%. In regions outside the U.S., our reported growth was 1%. However,
operational sales growth outside the U.S. was 4% with currency negatively impacting our reported OUS
results by 3 points. Excluding the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures, adjusted operational sales
growth was 5.6% worldwide, 6.7% in the U.S. and 4.5% outside the U.S. These global sales results
include an estimated net impact of COVID-19, which negatively impacted worldwide sales by about 80
basis points. This includes a negative impact to our Medical Device business segment across all regions
with Asia Pacific and the U.S. regions seeing the most prominent impact. Partially offsetting this was a net
positive sales lift in our Consumer Health and Pharmaceutical business segments as communities prepare
to ensure they have the necessary access to health care products and medicines.

Turning now to earnings. For the quarter, net earnings were $5.8 billion, and diluted earnings per share
was $2.17 versus diluted earnings per share of $1.39 a year ago. Excluding after-tax intangible asset
amortization expense and special items for both periods, adjusted net earnings for the quarter were $6.2
billion, and adjusted diluted earnings per share was $2.30, representing increases of 8.7% and 9.5%,
respectively, compared to the first quarter of 2019. On an operational basis, adjusted diluted earnings per
share grew 10.5%.

Beginning with Consumer Health, I will now comment on business segment sales performance for the first
quarter, highlighting items that build upon the slides you have in front of you. Unless otherwise stated,
percentages quoted represent the operational sales change in comparison to the first quarter of 2019 and
therefore exclude the impact of currency translation. Additionally, I will be providing additional insights

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

using our best estimates on the contribution of COVID-19 to our performance in the areas where this had
the largest impact.

Worldwide Consumer Health sales totaled $3.6 billion, growing 11.3% with operational growth in the U.S.
of 21% and growth outside the U.S. of 3.9%. Excluding the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures,
adjusted operational sales growth was 11%. Our Consumer Health segment realized a net positive impact
of nearly 700 basis points associated with consumers ensuring they have access to products during the
COVID-19 pandemic. We do expect some of this benefit to reverse over the subsequent quarters this year.
This benefit was mostly realized in our over-the-counter medicines franchise. The benefit was also most
prominent in the U.S. with a small benefit outside the U.S., primarily in Europe, offset by declines in Asia
Pacific in mostly the skin health/beauty and baby franchises. Excluding some onetime items and the net
benefit of COVID-19, our Consumer Health segment delivered solid performance with continued strong
performance in the U.S. and priority areas within our OTC and skin health/beauty franchises.

Over-the-counter medicines grew globally, almost 26% operationally, with about 36% growth in the U.S.
and 17% outside the U.S. COVID-19 contributed about 17 points to the global growth. In the U.S., we
estimated COVID-19 contributed about 24 points to growth. And excluding that impact, our growth was
strong, enabled by share increases in multiple products such as Adult TYLENOL, PEPCID, ZYRTEC and
Zarbee's. U.S. performance was also aided by a stronger allergy season. Additionally, there were some
favorable onetime benefits resulting from competitive dynamics. COVID-19 contributed about 10 points to
growth outside the U.S. Excluding that, growth was strong driven by an elevated cough and cold season in
key markets like Russia.

The skin health/beauty franchise grew 3.5% or just under 2% when adjusted to exclude the impact of
acquisitions and divestitures driven primarily by the acquisition of Dr.Ci:Labo. This franchise experienced
a net negative impact due to COVID-19 by slightly over 100 basis points with the largest negative impact
in Asia Pacific, especially in China, partially offset by a favorable benefit in the U.S. The U.S. operational
growth of just over 12% benefited by about 450 basis points from COVID-19. Additionally, our core
business in the U.S. remains competitive with strong performance in NEUTROGENA facial care. The U.S.
also benefited from some timing of promotional orders.

And in our remaining Consumer Health franchises, our Oral Care, Women's Health and Wound Care/Other
franchises all reported strong growth, primarily driven by COVID-19. And excluding the favorable impact
of COVID-19, each of these franchises delivered solid performance. Baby Care declined 4.9% globally or
negative 2.7% when adjusted to exclude the impact of the BabyCenter divestiture. The majority of this
decline was primarily due to the execution of SKU rationalization actions, primarily in EMEA, and a smaller
net negative COVID-19 impact, partially offset by solid growth in AVEENO Baby globally.

Moving on to the Pharmaceutical segment. Worldwide pharmaceutical sales of $11.1 billion grew 10.1%,
enabled by double-digit growth in 9 key products. Sales grew in the U.S. by 8.6% and increased outside
the U.S. by 12%. Global growth was aided by over 200 basis points of onetime items, including about
100 basis points of impact from favorable prior period pricing adjustments in the U.S. with REMICADE
being the largest product impacted and about 100 basis points of net favorable estimated impact from
COVID-19, resulting from health care providers and wholesalers ensuring there's access to essential
medicines. This benefit occurred across our portfolio with favorable benefits in the U.S. and Europe
offsetting downside in the Asia Pacific region and mostly China. Incremental COVID-19 demand primarily
impacted IMBRUVICA, XARELTO, STELARA, the pulmonary hypertension portfolio and HIV products. Our
strong portfolio of products and commercial capabilities has enabled us to continue to deliver global
growth at above-market levels.

Our oncology portfolio delivered another strong quarter with worldwide growth of almost 22%. DARZALEX
continued its strong performance, growing over 51% globally. The U.S. grew almost 32% with strong
growth across all lines of therapy driven by the new frontline indications for multiple myeloma. The
continued strong growth outside the U.S. is driven by increased penetration and share gains.

IMBRUVICA grew over 34% globally driven largely by market share gains and strong market growth,
primarily in the chronic lymphocytic leukemia indication in the U.S., along with strong uptick outside the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

U.S. In the U.S., based on fourth quarter data, IMBRUVICA gained almost 8 points of market share in CLL
line 1 therapy.

We continue to be pleased with the launch progress of ERLEADA. As part of the sales reporting changes I
mentioned earlier, we are now disclosing ERLEADA sales separately, which were $143 million globally and
more than doubled versus last year driven by continued share growth in the U.S. and continued launch
progress in EMEA with availability in 18 countries.

Our immunology therapeutic area delivered double-digit global sales growth of 13.1% driven by strong
double-digit performance of STELARA and TREMFYA. Sales growth was partially offset by continued erosion
of REMICADE due to increased discounts and modest share loss in the U.S. STELARA growth of over 30%
was primarily driven by the Crohn's disease indication where market share increased by over 7 points
in the U.S. versus the first quarter of 2019. TREMFYA grew over 37% and achieved a 9% share of the
psoriasis market in the U.S., which is up 2.5 points from the first quarter of 2019.

In neuroscience, our paliperidone long-acting portfolio performed well, growing almost 13% with higher
market share driven by increased new patient starts and strong persistency. In addition, we continue to
progress the launch of SPRAVATO, where the unmet need remains high. Patient demand continues to build
with new patient starts steadily increasing with over 5,000 patients treated to date.

In infectious diseases, our portfolio grew 11%, led by strong growth of SYMTUZA and Juluca for HIV,
partially offset by cannibalization and increased generic competition in other products.

In our cardiovascular, metabolism and other product portfolio, we did experience declining sales of 13.1%,
primarily driven by declines in INVOKANA and biosimilar competition for PROCRIT. XARELTO also declined
by 2.7% with volume increases offset by increased rebates, including channel mix dynamics.

In our total pulmonary hypertension portfolio, sales increased 14.7% driven by strong growth of OPSUMIT
and UPTRAVI of about 29% and 27%, respectively, driven by increased market penetration and share
growth. This portfolio growth was net of declining sales in TRACLEER as a result of continued generic
competition. Note, as part of the sales reporting changes I referenced, TRACLEER is now included under
other pulmonary hypertension.

I'll now turn your attention to the Medical Devices segment. Worldwide Medical devices sales were
$5.9 billion, declining by 6.9%. Excluding the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures, primarily the
divestiture of ASP, adjusted operational sales declined by 4.8% worldwide. Our global medical device
portfolio realized a significant impact on sales, estimated to be worth 750 to 800 basis points as a result
of procedures being deferred due to the COVID-19 pandemic, which were partially offset by stocking,
primarily in Asia Pacific, in anticipation of procedures ramping back up. Approximately 50% of the net
impact occurred in Asia Pacific, about 30% was in the U.S. and the remaining balance was primarily
in Europe. I will provide further context shortly about how this impacted each platform. Additionally,
onetime items negatively impacted growth this quarter by about 90 basis points, primarily related to there
being fewer selling days in this period. Adjusting for these onetime impacts and the estimated impact
of COVID-19, our adjusted operational sales growth reflects continued strong underlying fundamentals
consistent with our full year 2019 adjusted results.

Interventional Solutions grew 0.4% globally with U.S. growth of 6.6%, offset by declining sales outside the
U.S. of 5.1%. COVID-19 had a net negative impact to our global growth rate by about an estimated 14.5
points, reducing U.S. growth by over 8 points and OUS growth by about 20 points. Growth excluding the
impact of COVID-19 was led by continued strength in our electrophysiology business driven by our newer
product offerings in ablation and advanced catheters contributing to atrial fibrillation procedural market
growth.

Vision declined by 4.5%. The estimated net impact of COVID-19 to growth is around 550 basis points.
Additionally, results in the quarter were negatively impacted by both the final bleed-down of the Japan
consumption tax forward buy that occurred in Q3 2019, along with an unfavorable prior year comparison
due to an inventory forward buy related to Brexit uncertainty, which were worth over 200 basis points in
total. While contact lenses realized a slight decline, when you adjust for the aforementioned items, the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

business delivered another quarter of competitive growth globally versus the market, led by continued
strong performance of daily disposables in the ACUVUE OASYS family.

In Surgical Vision, sales declined 15.9% with the primary driver of the decline driven by COVID-19, which
impacted results by an estimated 12 points. The business, excluding COVID-19, saw continued strong OUS
growth in the cataract business due to strong performance in Asia Pacific, which was more than offset by a
decline in the U.S., primarily due to competitive pressures.

Orthopaedics declined by 6.5% in the quarter. The COVID-19 pandemic impacted growth in this franchise
by about an estimated 750 basis points with the U.S. market realizing the largest dollar impact at just
over 40% of the total and the balance of the negative impact split relatively evenly between Asia Pacific
and Europe. Total Orthopaedics growth, adjusting for this impact, was relatively consistent with our prior
quarter performance, reflecting the continued execution of our innovation and commercial strategies
aimed to improve performance. Hips declined by 5.6%. We estimated COVID-19 negatively impacted
growth by about 9.5 points. Excluding this impact, Hips continue to deliver competitive performance
driven by our leadership position in the Anterior Approach; continued strong demand for our primary
stem, ACTIS; and enabling technologies, such as the KINCISE Surgical Automated System and the VELYS
Hip Navigation system that came from the JointPoint acquisition. Knees declined by 6.1%. Adjusting for
the estimated COVID-19 impact of about 11 points, Knees' underlying fundamentals continue to improve
and delivered solid performance in both the U.S. and OUS driven by new innovation, such as ATTUNE
Revision; ATTUNE S+; and the Attune Cementless rotating platform, which launched later in 2019. Trauma
declined by 3.5%. COVID-19 negatively impacted results by an estimated 400 basis points. Additionally,
performance was impacted by overall market softness as a result of a mild winter season leading to lower
procedures as well as competitive pressures.

Spine declined 10.6%. However, adjusting for COVID-19's estimated impact of over 750 basis points,
Spine's underlying performance remain consistent with recent results. While we lost share in the quarter,
we continue to see positive uptake of newer products such as CONDUIT and VIPER PRIME. We are also
pleased with the rollout of our newly launched SIMPONI surgical system for use in posterior cervical spine
procedures. Pricing pressure continued in Orthopaedics. U.S. pure price in Spine, Hips and Knees eroded
versus Q4 2019, declining about 5%, 2% and 1%, respectively. Price in Trauma improved compared to Q4
and was essentially flat.

Moving to the results for the surgery business. As I noted earlier, we made some minor adjustments to
how we report our Medical Devices sales, and you'll see that we moved the platforms previously under
Specialty Surgery to General Surgery now that we've closed the divestiture of the ASP business, which
was the majority of the Specialty Surgery sales. Advanced Surgery declined by 1.4% but was significantly
impacted by COVID-19, which we estimate was almost an 800 basis points impact. COVID-19 primarily
impacted OUS results, particularly in endocutters and energy, with an estimated negative impact to global
growth of about 900 basis points to each platform. Excluding this negative impact, performance was
strong, led by energy. Both energy and endocutters performed well outside the U.S. driven by share gains
and new products, primarily in Asia, and were partially offset by competitive pressure in the U.S.

Biosurgery had an estimated negative impact of over 550 basis points driven by COVID-19. However,
underlying fundamentals, excluding this negative impact, remains strong with growth balanced between
the U.S. and OUS. U.S. performance in biosurgery was driven by continued uptake of SURGIFLO after last
year's stop shipment, coupled with new products, such as VISTASEAL. OUS performance continues to be
led by market and share performance in the Asia Pacific region. We also continue to see great uptake of
our Monarch system for the diagnosis of lung cancer. Q1 procedures grew 150% compared to the prior
year, and almost 2,700 procedures have been performed since launch. Wound closure declined over 7%
in the quarter with COVID-19 negatively impacting results by an estimated 800 basis points. Growth,
excluding COVID-19, was driven by continued strong market growth as well as share gains in conventional
and barbed sutures in China.

I will now provide some commentary on our earnings for the quarter. Regarding our consolidated
statement of earnings for the first quarter of 2020, please direct your attention to the box section at
the bottom of the schedule. You will see we have provided our earnings adjusted to exclude intangible

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

amortization expense and special items. As reported this morning, our adjusted EPS of $2.30 reflects
reported growth of 9.5% and operational growth of 10.5%.

I'd like to now highlight a few noteworthy items that have changed on the statement of earnings
compared to the same quarter last year. Cost of products sold deleveraged, primarily as a result of product
mix and the establishment of inventory reserves associated with the COVID-19 impact in the Medical
Devices business. Selling, marketing and administrative margins for the quarter improved driven by
leveraging in the Pharmaceutical and Consumer Health businesses and favorable segment mix, partially
offset by deleveraging in the Medical Devices business resulting from the COVID-19 impact on sales.
We continue to invest in research and development at competitive levels, investing 12.5% of sales this
quarter. This was lower than the first quarter 2019 by 180 basis points driven by timing of pharmaceutical
milestone payments, partially offset by increased investment in robotics and digital solutions in the
Medical Devices business.

The other income and expense line showed net income of $679 million in the first quarter of 2020
compared to net income of $22 million last year. This was primarily driven by a contingent consideration
reversal of approximately $1 billion related to the timing of certain developmental milestones associated
with the Auris Health acquisition, partially offset by higher unrealized losses on securities.

Regarding taxes in the quarter, our effective tax rate declined from 15.2% in the first quarter of 2019 to
11% in the first quarter of 2020 as a result of additional favorable impacts from Swiss tax reform and the
reversal of the Auris contingent liability. We encourage you to reference our 10-Q for further details on this
and other specific tax matters. Excluding special items, the effective tax rate was 15% versus 17.6% in
the same period last year driven by certain tax costs incurred in the first quarter of 2019 that were not
repeated in 2020.

Let's now look at adjusted income before tax by segment. In the first quarter of 2020, adjusted income
before tax for the enterprise improved 70 basis points versus the first quarter of 2019 to 35%.

Looking at the adjusted pretax income by segment. Pharmaceutical margins improved by 360 basis points
to 45.3%, primarily driven by timing of R&D milestone payments. Medical Devices declined by 540 basis
points to 24.2% due to COVID-19 impacts on the business, including incremental inventory reserves and
deleveraging in selling and marketing, in addition to continued increased investment in robotics and digital
solutions. Consumer margins declined slightly by 50 basis points to 24.5% driven by a onetime gain in
2019 related to the company's previously held equity investment in Dr.Ci:Labo, which was partially offset
by leveraging of selling, marketing and administrative margins in the current quarter.

That concludes the sales and P&L highlights for Johnson & Johnson's first quarter 2020. For your
reference, this slide summarizes notable developments occurring in the first quarter. Of note, we
submitted new drug applications to the FDA and EMA for Ponesimod for the treatment of adult patients
with relapsing multiple sclerosis.

I'm now pleased to turn the call over to Joe Wolk.

Joseph J. Wolk
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate that you decided to join the call today.
And like others on this call who spoke before me, I hope you and those close to you are safe and healthy.
Let me state right upfront. The fundamentals of Johnson & Johnson's business are strong, and our
expectations of where the business is heading have not changed. Combating the current crisis is anything
but usual. However, many aspects of Johnson & Johnson continue to operate with a business-as-usual
focus, such as advancing breakthrough innovation, fostering consumer and patient access and being
financially disciplined. We are motivated by never stopping when it comes to taking care of you, our
stakeholders, and we can have a profound, positive impact because we are built to lead, built to last, and
quite frankly, built for times like this.

My central focus in today's prepared remarks is twofold. First, I will share with you our ongoing business
continuity plans. It is important, particularly in times of challenge, that you understand the steps we have

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

put in place recently and over a number of years to ensure reliable supply of the important products we
provide. Second, I will outline how we are thinking about the impact of the COVID-19 crisis and what that
will have on our near-term financial performance in the context of changes from the guidance we issued
in January. I trust at the end of my remarks and at the end of this call, the obvious conclusion is that
Johnson & Johnson is strong, in a financial position to meet its obligation to all stakeholders and poised for
many years of success. The fundamentals of our business are intact.

As Alex mentioned earlier, as the most broadly based global company in the health care industry, we
have established a sustainable and resilient business model with flexibility designed into our research,
manufacturing and commercial capabilities. We have robust active business continuity plans across our
network which have been instrumental in preparing us for events like COVID-19. Some steps we have
taken recently include leveraging our global manufacturing footprint and dual-source capabilities while
closely monitoring and maintaining critical inventory at major distribution centers to address high-risk
areas and ensure adequate and effective distribution; working closely with suppliers, distributors, local
governments and regulators to gain better insights to address their concerns; through our commercial
organizations, supporting health care providers in the safest way possible by moving to virtual connections
to serve as a resource for physicians. Where needed, we directly engage to support them in areas like
trauma surgeries, ensuring we follow all health protocols to keep everyone safe.

Within clinical operations, our first priority is always to protect the health and well-being of participants
currently enrolled in our clinical trials. Our next priority is to complete these trials in a manner to fully
satisfy regulatory requirements. This pandemic does not change these priorities. As a result of these
efforts, we are able to meet the majority of patient and consumer needs.

Given the unprecedented nature of current events, I'd like to provide insights on a few topics that we
typically don't detail but are likely top of mind these days for most. From a liquidity standpoint, we
are very well positioned. We ended the first quarter with cash and marketable securities of $18 billion,
generating approximately $3 billion of free cash flow in the quarter consistent with first quarters of the
previous 2 years. Coupled with our AAA credit rating, we are able to access the capital markets, if needed,
and would anticipate securing the most competitive credit spreads available.

A strong balance sheet has been a hallmark of Johnson & Johnson and is most valued in times of
macroeconomic distress. We are able to use this strength to benefit many constituents. Some recent
examples include partnering with BARDA to jointly invest approximately $1 billion to not only develop
and deliver a vaccine for the novel coronavirus but potentially in record time. We are complementing the
efforts of communities and health care heroes through numerous donations and other activities, which
Alex highlighted. We are supporting small and diverse suppliers and customers, offering financial flexibility
at a time when they need it most, and we responsibly increased our dividend to shareholders.

Our capital allocation priorities are clear and remain unchanged. We continue to invest in our business
with a bias towards innovation that delivers meaningful products and services to address unmet needs or
commercial capabilities that generate greater access to healthy living for more people. It is investing in
innovation, particularly in times of uncertainty, that will not just bridge the next few months but the next
several years.

After investing at or above competitive levels in our business, we look to allocate capital to our
shareholders in the form of dividends. We know that many of our shareholders prioritize that aspect
when investing in Johnson & Johnson. Alex announced earlier in the call that for the 58th straight year,
we are increasing our dividend. While certainly notable from a historical standpoint, this announcement
is important in that it underscores our confidence and optimism for the future. We intend to continue
generating strong cash flows and be financially well positioned.

Our next priority is to invest our capital in value-creating M&A, pursuing transactions that bolster our
portfolio or enhance our pipeline while targeting returns that compensate shareholders for the risk we
are bearing on their behalf. The current crisis does not reduce our desire to do these transactions. In
fact, given our financial strength, we may be in a better position to fund opportunities that will augment
sustainable long-term growth.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

While a second quarter event, a good example of this in practice is our recently signed preclinical research
collaboration with Fate Therapeutics to develop and commercialize off-the-shelf allogeneic cell therapies
for up to 4 tumor-associated antigens, which we believe has the potential to significantly change the
current cell therapy paradigm in the treatment of several distinct cancer types.

Finally, within our capital allocation paradigm, as you saw the past few years, we also simultaneously
allocate capital to share repurchase programs. We do not have an active program at this time and have
no plans to announce a new program as we feel other capital allocation priorities take precedence at this
time.

Given that it's often a question, let me offer a few remarks related to ongoing litigation. With respect to
opioids, as announced last October, we reached an agreement in principle to settle the litigations. The
state attorneys generals are engaged, and there continues to be cooperation working towards broad
participation by the states, cities and counties involved in this litigation.

Regarding talc, as we have previously stated, multiple sources of independent science and third-party
testing supports the safety of our products. We await the Daubert hearing outcomes from Judge Wolfson
in the Federal District Court of New Jersey.

Okay. Let's move to our guidance for 2020. We know some companies in our peer set have pulled their
guidance. We also know that some sell-side models have not been updated. We understand that may
have been an option for us as well. But in uncertain times, we look forward to offering you as much
transparency and credible insight into our view of our business. We have decided to provide updated
guidance given what we know today with the objective of finding that right balance between bolstering
your confidence in Johnson & Johnson while not providing false assurances. Things will change in the
coming days, weeks and months, but at least you'll have the benefit of our perspective to consider among
the numerous sources you rely upon to make financial sense of the near-term outlook.

During the next few minutes, I will touch upon each part of our business with greater emphasis on Medical
Devices. That segment is currently projected to experience the most significant impact. Let me start,
however, by sharing a few assumptions that apply across our entire business.

Our guidance attempts to account for the macroeconomic impact of COVID-19 and the potential impact
it will have on the overall health care system, capturing the potential negative impact on the number of
insured individuals and how people may prioritize disposable income in the near term. Second, utilizing
the experience in earlier affected markets as a reference. Our estimates of the COVID-19 impact assume
the relative shape of the COVID-19 curve as being more of an acute shorter-term impact rather than a
prolonged impact. For our largest market, the U.S., this assumption is consistent with the estimated mid-
April peak assumed by the Institute of Health Metrics and Evaluation, or IHME. The IHME also predicts
mid- to late April peaks for several European countries.

Third, taking into account recent statements by Dr. Fauci and other scientifically accomplished sources, our
estimates do not assume the virus returns in the fall with the same intensity currently experienced. What
do I mean by that? As the experts have noted in various forms, if the virus does return, the world should
be much better prepared to test, identify and isolate it. There may also be therapeutic options available.
So our premise is that elective procedures and doctor visits will largely be permissible in the second half of
this year.

Finally, we assume a recovery for procedures that begins in the third quarter and improves further
in the fourth quarter. We do anticipate some disruption to the economy and have considered it on a
smaller scale. Coming out of the second quarter, we assume an improving global economy with lower
unemployment, better insurance coverage and higher procedure capacity than what has been or will be
experienced at peak.

Let's delve into the segments. The story for pharmaceuticals is fairly straightforward. Our results in
the first quarter confirm the strength of our Pharmaceutical business, and we expect it to be resilient.
We provide valuable solutions in critical disease states with high unmet need, and we largely expect
patients will continue to receive and seek treatment. Quite frankly, it is important that they do so to avoid

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

unintended health consequences related to COVID-19 beyond the pandemic itself. With that said, based on
what we have seen to date, we do expect a small level of disruption associated with delayed diagnosis and
new patient starts.

This is driven by 2 factors: first, data from IQVIA suggests that office visits have recently declined by
30% and that interaction is not being entirely offset by the escalating use of telehealth services. We also
know that benefit inquiries have declined suggesting new patient activity has slowed. The second factor
is related to physician-administered drugs. For example, some infusion centers are being repurposed
as COVID-19 treatment centers and there are staggered infusion times with fewer chairs to comply
with social distancing practices. The extent and duration of those 2 factors comprise the largest variable
in our pharmaceuticals outlook. However, the net of it all is that we remain confident in delivering the
pharmaceutical expectation we had in our guidance at the start of the year and anticipate the business to
grow above the market again.

Looking slightly ahead to next year, we also remain confident in the progression of our pipeline, which
should fuel growth beyond 2020. We are partnering with health authorities on the status of our 2020
projected regulatory filings and approvals and have not received notification from regulatory authorities
regarding any delays for our major submissions. We continue to progress our plans, prepared to work
through any implications related to COVID-19. At this time, our major filings and approvals planned in
2020 are on track.

Let's transition to Consumer Health. As you heard, the first quarter was very strong for this segment as
our essential products are in high demand across the globe. We operate in key categories such as over-
the-counter medicines that should continue to perform well as consumers look to self-manage conditions
such as fever and pain. However, the first quarter surge was partially due to pantry loading that will not
continue for the full year. Access to necessary consumer products across most of our portfolio will continue
but perhaps differently. There will be some impact in certain categories as a result of reduced store traffic
and social distancing behaviors that are not likely to be fully offset by higher e-commerce activity, so we
expect some category softness in franchises such as skin health, most notably sun care products. With
that said, we think the upside opportunities at least offset the downside risks and are therefore projecting
that here, too, our full year assumption in January remains intact for the segment. We continue to expect
growth above the market in the U.S. while executing the SKU rationalization program mostly focused
outside the U.S.

So let's move on to Medical Devices, which is at the core of our guidance change and remains the most
uncertain. When I referenced at the outset of this section that some companies have withdrawn guidance,
it has been primarily in the Medical Device segment, so that is a good indication of where the uncertainty
exists. Consistent with what we experienced in the first quarter, we expect our Medical Device business to
be negatively impacted as many procedures continue to be deferred and hospital resources are diverted to
address the pandemic. We are assuming the most significant negative impact occurs in the second quarter,
a lingering impact with signs of stabilization in the third quarter and then some recovery in the fourth
quarter.

To determine the impact, we started by reviewing external data, including surveys, expert panels,
epidemiology data and capacity constraints. We then reviewed our own internal data at the procedural
level and weekly sales results at the country level compared to reported cases of coronavirus. Given China
was the first country impacted by this pandemic and is believed to be further along in the COVID-19 curve
than the rest of the world, we modeled this first. Then given the success that Japan and Korea appear to
have had thus far containing the virus, we decided to bucket all 3 of these Asia Pacific markets together,
which represents approximately 20% of our Medical Devices revenue. We then looked at the remaining
7 countries in our top 10 markets, the United States, Italy, France, Germany, the United Kingdom, Spain
and Russia, which collectively make up approximately 60% of our Medical Devices revenue. The remaining
rest of the world markets outside of our top 10 countries therefore account for 20% of our Medical Devices
revenue.

As you know, we have a broad portfolio in Medical Devices. As this slide depicts, approximately 1/3 of
our Medical Device business supports urgent procedures that aren't candidates for deferral, in other

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

words, non-elective, such as events that address trauma, stroke and critical surgeries associated with
cancer. Based on this procedural classification data and the geographic split I outlined, we developed
a range of scenarios to inform the low end and the high end of our estimates. In those key Asia Pacific
markets, we assume that elective procedures will decline 20% to 60% during the second quarter based on
trends we are currently observing in those countries. Elective procedures could be down less than this if
recovery occurs earlier and ramps back up quickly. But given how much is still unknown, we felt this was
an appropriate view at this time. We do see stabilization occurring earlier in these countries compared to
the rest of the world and expect to start seeing deferred procedures being made up primarily throughout
the second half of this year.

Using similar methodologies for the other remaining major markets, we assume deferred procedures
decline 65% to 85% in the second quarter and decline 20% to 60% in the third quarter versus our prior
guidance. We see stabilization in the fourth quarter with these countries starting to recover deferred
procedures. The rest of the world assumptions are consistent with these 7 countries.

You can also see that we are assuming declines in urgent procedures as well. Individuals are spending
less time outdoors engaged in physical activity, which we expect to impact procedures, even urgent ones,
particularly in a market like trauma. In terms of recovery, if hospitals everywhere were doing procedures
24 hours a day, including weekends, they could only increase capacity by about 30%. So we looked at
that as the highest possible increase in capacity, which we view as unlikely. We believe hospital systems
will have capacity to make up deferred procedures from earlier in the year, but we suspect it could take
time for patients to get comfortable scheduling an elective procedure, hospitals and surgeons may still
be recovering from peak COVID-19 impacts, and there will be economic challenges we discussed earlier,
namely a potential impact to the number of insured patients and a changing prioritization of income in the
near term. Those factors lead us to assume a recovery in a range of 0% to 15%.

These assumptions are our best estimates at this time, and again, we are not assuming a recurrence or
significant mutation of COVID-19. Similarly, we are not assuming potential aggressive recovery measures
that may be implemented sooner by hospitals who are experiencing or will experience minimal COVID-19
impact yet are faced with managing unexpected financial challenges resulting from being underutilized. As
a result of all these factors, we estimate a negative operational sales impact of approximately $4 billion to
approximately $7 billion to the Medical Devices forecast below our prior guidance. While there are many
moving parts, the impact in Medical Device is the sole change to our prior operational sales guidance for
the enterprise.

So let's summarize this for you. Given all the factors I have described, we would be comfortable with your
models reflecting the following: adjusted operational sales of minus 3% to plus 0.5%, incorporating the
range of the Medical Device operational sales negative impact of approximately $4 billion to approximately
$7 billion.

Moving to operational sales. Our guidance is $79.2 billion to $82.2 billion or minus 3.5% to 0%. As you
know, we do not predict the impact of currency movements. But utilizing the euro spot rate relative to the
U.S. dollar as of last week at $1.09, there is an estimated negative impact of foreign currency translation
of approximately 200 basis points versus the negative 50 basis points provided in our January guidance,
resulting in an estimated reported sales growth between minus 5.5% to minus 2.0% compared to 2019 or
$77.5 billion to $80.5 billion.

Moving to items impacting earnings. Regarding adjusted pretax operating margin, we now expect adjusted
pretax operating margin for the year to decline about 100 basis points due to higher manufacturing costs
related to COVID-19 sales impact, which is partially offset by spending reductions of approximately $2
billion. Net interest expense is now expected to be in the range of $50 million to $150 million of expense
due to lower rates on interest income earned.

We are lowering our expectations for net other income. As mentioned earlier, our financial strength
may present us with near-term opportunities to execute transactions that enhance our current or future
portfolio. There is another element to that strength. We are not dependent on selling assets to achieve
our long-term objectives. Given the current market conditions and to ensure we create appropriate
returns, we are assuming previously planned divestitures will be deferred until such time we can secure

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

commensurate value for these very solid businesses. This decision results in us reducing our previously
guided other income by $700 million to a range of $800 million to $1 billion.

Our effective tax rate guidance for 2020 is now estimated to be approximately 16.5% to 18.0%, wider
than the previous range given the variability associated with the sequence and pace of economic recovery
across the major regions. Given those updates, we are now comfortable with adjusted EPS guidance in
the range of $7.65 to $8.05 on a constant currency basis. This reflects an operational or constant currency
decline of 11.9% to 7.3%.

Again, while not predicting currency movements but to provide some insight on the potential impact on
EPS, using exchange rates from last week, our reported adjusted EPS would be negatively impacted by
approximately $0.15 per share versus our prior guidance impact of negative $0.05. Accounting for that,
we would be comfortable with your models reflecting reported adjusted EPS ranging from $7.50 to $7.90,
a range of minus 13.6% to minus 9.0% based on what we know today.

A quick illustration of our EPS guidance change from January is presented here. The biggest impacts are
obviously from the estimated decline in medical device sales and what we believe is a prudent decision
to delay some previously planned divestitures. We also have some earnings impact associated with
Johnson & Johnson's multifaceted leadership to combat COVID-19, from vaccine development, employee
well-being and addressing health care worker needs, totaling close to $0.25 billion. To help partially
offset these items, we are reducing spend by approximately $2.3 billion on a pretax basis. But let me be
clear. This is largely a reduction aligned to expenses that we believe will naturally be lower. We are not
reducing important programs, initiatives or practices that best serve all stakeholders for the long term.
Our investors convey to us that they want us to continue managing for results 2, 5 and 10 years into the
future.

We do not provide quarterly guidance, but there are 2 items worth noting for you to consider as you
update your models for Q2. The first is likely apparent. We expect the greatest COVID-19 impact on
sales to occur in the second quarter. Second, for comparative purposes, recall that in the second quarter
of 2019, we recorded a significant divestiture gain as other income. Today's revised guidance is a clear
indication that a gain of that size will not occur in the second quarter of 2020.

Before I hand the call back to Chris to begin the Q&A, let me thank many on the phone listening today.
We appreciate the insights you have shared to enhance our thought process. And while 100% precision is
not the order of the day, we hope you found the explanation of our guidance updates useful. I also want
to thank our Johnson & Johnson associates around the world for the extraordinary effort and dedication
they have displayed these past few months. I am humbled by the magnificent leadership stories I hear on
a daily basis. They serve as an inspiration. Our performance of the first quarter highlights the resiliency
of our business during challenging times and showcases the commitment of our employees to advance
solutions that enhance the lives of patients and consumers seeking better health.

Chris, back to you to begin the Q&A portion.

Christopher DelOrefice
Vice President of Investor Relations
Thank you, Joe. We will now move to the Q&A portion of the webcast. Operator, can you please provide
instructions for those on the line wishing to ask a question?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from David Lewis with Morgan Stanley.

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Thanks for all the significant work you're doing on behalf of patients in the system as well as the very
significant guidance that Joe just provided. Just a couple of quick questions for me. The first, for Paul. Just
-- you talked extensively about the vaccine program, and I know your goal is to produce 1 billion doses
and you're ramping production throughout the year. So just first question is by the first quarter of '21,
where do you think production capacity will be? And how could that scale through 2021 relative to that 1
billion doses? And I had a quick follow-up for Joe.

Paulus A. Stoffels
Chief Scientific Officer

Yes. Production capacity would be ready to go at 600 million to 900 million in the first quarter, going up to
1 billion in the course of the year, north of 1 billion by the end of the year. So -- and that's on an annual
basis. So we'll have 4 manufacturing sites going on one by one, bringing the whole capacity up to 1 billion
in the course of the year.

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. Very helpful, Paul. And then, Joe, just your detailed guidance on Medical Devices is very much
appreciated. On Consumer and Pharma, obviously, we saw in the first quarter some hoarding benefit in
Consumer and the OTC franchises and probably some stocking benefit in Pharma. So those businesses
for the year, I appreciate, are stable. Can you give us any help first to second quarter how we should
be thinking about the relative trends of those businesses? Should we expect them to be below trend in
second quarter versus first and then pop back up in the third quarter just based on the stocking and
hoarding benefits?

Joseph J. Wolk
Executive VP & CFO

Great. Sure, David. Thanks for the questions. I would say you could probably expect that in our consumer
unit. You saw significant stocking across the globe. Probably, as Chris referenced, was about 7 points of
additional growth for the consumer franchise. We were off to a good start, but then you saw the benefit of
pantry loading. I would say in Pharm, remains to be seen. As you know, we don't give quarterly guidance.
It was only worth about 1 point of growth in the quarter as some PBMs moved from 30-day refill cycles to
90 days. I would imagine that activity will still continue, but we'd have to see how that plays out a little bit
further into the second quarter here when you have stay-at-home protocols.

Operator

Our next question is from Chris Schott with JPMorgan.

Christopher Thomas Schott
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And again, I appreciate all the color on the COVID dynamics, very helpful given all the uncertainty out
there. So just my 2 questions here was, one, can you just elaborate on the sensitivity of your business
to elevated unemployment levels? As we look past some of the near-term shutdowns, I guess for an
environment where we have double-digit unemployment in the near term and maybe sell rates are
elevated as we look out into 2021, what does that do to the business as we think about things starting to
normalize? My second question was a question about China. And just share a little bit about what you're

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

seeing with the business as the economy begins to reopen there. And are there any learnings we've found
from China that could be helpful as we think about recoveries elsewhere in the world from what you've
seen today?

Joseph J. Wolk
Executive VP & CFO

So Chris, let me take the first question with respect to how we factored unemployment into our modeling,
specifically around the Medical Device business, and maybe I'll turn it over to Alex to provide some
commentary around what our team is telling us with respect to getting back to things in China. With
respect to unemployment, we looked back at the financial crisis of 2008, 2009, tried to draw inferences
from GDP growth and what that meant relative to elective procedures and procedures in general. So we'll
have to see how that kind of plays out relative to the 2008-2009 financial crisis. The team has done a nice
job relying on many of the reports and surveys that you in the sell-side have conducted to make some
assessments, but we'll really have to see how it plays out, and that's why we've widened our range much
more than we have traditionally. I think at the outset of the year, we had about an $800 million range on
our overall enterprise sales guidance. Here, you can see it's about $3 billion of a range, and it's exclusively
tied to Medical Devices. So more to come on that front, but we believe we've got at least a fairly sizable
element of that already baked in. Alex, can I turn it over to you for some thoughts on China?

Alex Gorsky
Chairman & CEO

Sure, Chris. Thank you very much for the message. And look, maybe before I answer that, I just want
to make a couple of comments. First of all, once again, acknowledging the tremendous impact that this
is having on citizens around the world, let alone patients and consumers. This is likely one of the most
significant events that any of us have ever experienced in a very personal way. And I think making sure
that throughout this, particularly as the world's largest health care products company, that we remain just
incredibly focused on serving them is our #1 priority.

I think, secondly, it's really acknowledging health care workers. I'm privileged to have a number of family
members, frankly, who are out there on the front line, making a difference every day. And when you see
what they're doing and literally going into battle and preparing for the worst, hoping for the best, working
24/7, without them, I couldn't imagine the situation we would be in.

And then last but not least is the work of our employees. I'm incredibly inspired. You heard earlier the
great progress, the strong progress that we've made on our vaccine program. And while Paul reviewed
that perhaps in 10 minutes, what I think is really important to keep into perspective is that the work that
he's talking about accomplishing literally in 6 to 12 months would usually take between 5 and 7 years. And
to do that in a way where there's a relentless focus on safety, on efficacy, on affordability but also while
accelerating those time lines to do everything we can to be touching, as you heard in those numbers, up
to 1 billion people with vaccines in the course of 2021 is just a huge undertaking, and we've got people
working 24/7 every day of the week right now to really make that possible.

As it relates to China, Chris, I think that there, too, it's important to acknowledge the work of our team
member. When we first saw this starting to break in late December, early January, we immediately
assembled the team, and they began taking actions very quickly, obviously, to ensure the safety of our
employees but also to ensure the integrity of our supply chain and being able to support the health care
infrastructure within China. And what we have seen over the past several weeks, I would say, is a gradual
return of the business.

It's important to remember that in our case, in addition to the economic statistics that I think many other
people can share, given the number of associates that we have on the ground that are literally visiting
hospitals, even in some more of the remote areas, we're confident that we're starting to see what I
would call a reentry into procedures. Depending on where you are, that can range from 50% to as high
as 60% or 70% as of today. And there still are areas that are at the low end of that spectrum. We've
also heard some comments recently about some concern about a follow-up wave or a resurgence, and
they're responding accordingly. But I think, overall, we are starting to see a return to a more normal rate

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

of surgical procedures and, frankly, just the provision of health care services vis-à-vis our Pharmaceutical
business and our Consumer business as well. We have more than 50% of our employees back to work
following very specific protocols and directives to ensure their safety. But we are confident that as we
proceed in the coming months that we'll see more of a return to normal continuing.

Operator

Your next question is from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo.

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

One question on Medical Devices and the recovery there and one on the vaccine. First, on devices,
Joe, can you share with us your preliminary thoughts on, believe it or not, 2021, just the postponed
procedures? I heard your comments about the capacity and little catch-up assumed for Q4. Just
qualitatively, should we think about a lower base in 2020 and normalized growth in 2021? Or how should
we think about those postponed procedures potentially coming back next year? And I have one follow-up.

Joseph J. Wolk
Executive VP & CFO

Sure, Larry. Thanks for the question. As you might imagine, while we hope 2021 looks a lot like we
thought it was going to look like maybe 3 months ago, we really have to let that play out. We did see and
put into our modeling anywhere from normal level of procedures in the fourth quarter to a recoupment, if
you will, of plus 15%. But it's really going to depend on the pandemic itself, what's the health priorities,
how are patients and consumers feeling about going to the hospital for these procedures. So I believe
from what we've heard from hospital CEOs that they would like to get back in the business of elective
surgeries. Many of you saw recent announcements, Mayo Clinic, most recently, with respect to just only
25% utilization in their elective suites. That is putting financial strain on major hospital systems, and we
want to make sure that when we return to normal, that there's good quality health care still in place. So
I'll defer. I think it would be a little bit irresponsible for me at this point in time to comment on 2021. The
hope and the optimism is for whenever the pandemic abates, we'll be at or above expectations that we all
once had.

Alex Gorsky
Chairman & CEO

Larry, just one other comment on that, that I think might be some important perspective. As Joe said, and
as I'm sure you can appreciate, over the past several weeks, we have done our best to be in very close
touch with hospital CEOs, with physicians who are working in systems around the country. And what we're
currently saying, I think, is a -- and this is consistent with what you've seen in some recent press articles
where, look, there are clearly areas where it has been just a relentless pace of patient care in areas like
New York, areas like Northern New Jersey, other hotspots such as New Orleans, Detroit, and there are also
other areas in the Midwest where you might say there are hot zones.

Outside of that, however, and very consistent with Joe's comments, what you see in many cases are
hospitals that are well under 50% of their capacity that have also increased some of their investments
two to threefold, sometimes more, and appropriately so, preparing for the absolute worst case in the
pandemic. But -- and at the same time, they've lost a very significant portion of their income, seeing the
cost increase putting potential financial stress on them. And so -- and we're also hearing a consistent
theme of making sure that as they think about returning, ensuring that we can get consumer and patient
confidence back up through the right kind of testing programs, the right kind of protocols in the hospital
in place to make sure that we can get health care professionals, that is physicians and nurses, the
kind of assurance that they're going to need to get back to a more normal state of working as well as,
in some cases, given the amount of work they've been doing, make sure that they've got the kind of
backup resources in place to be able to do that is going to be very, very important as those health care
systems work with governors and frankly even with Congress making sure that CARES 3 and CARES 4 are
accounting for this significant strain on hospitals around the country. So I hope that's helpful.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

That's super helpful. Chris, if I can just get one in on the vaccine for Paul. My understanding is Moderna
is targeting 4x the base immunity. Paul, what's your understanding of the base immunity on affected
COVID-19 patients? What level do you think you need for an effective vaccine? What are you targeting?

Paulus A. Stoffels
Chief Scientific Officer

Well, I can't -- difficult to give a scientific answer for that because I don't think that's tested yet. But what
we learned in -- from Zika, from Ebola and from other vaccines is that we get a strong humoral but also a
cellular immunity with one injection. Especially in Zika, we saw that. So we think that we can get to very
high levels of protection with one single vaccine, and that will give us an ability to then protect for longer
terms. Eventually boosting 1 year later we think would be sufficient. But we are going to study that in
large-scale studies in Phase I, and that will start early September.

Operator

Your next question is from Joanne Wuensch with Citi.

Joanne Karen Wuensch
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Thank you for all the work that you're doing during this time and for all the information for modeling. It's
really appreciated. I have 2 questions. The first one has to do with as we think about procedures coming
back in Medical Devices, in your conversations with hospitals and physicians and also experience during
other economic downturns, which types of procedures generally come back first? And recognizing this is
a different lay of the land, but also I just want to think about ortho versus vision care versus surgical or
anything that you can add there. And I'll say my second question now, which is in your conversation with
the FDA, what are you seeing or expecting to see in terms of clinical trial enrollment and FDA product
approvals?

Alex Gorsky
Chairman & CEO

Okay. Joanne, this is Alex. Thank you for the first one. Look, what we're seeing in the first case, and
again, referring to my earlier comments, is I think that there's a keen sense among hospital executives
and physicians of the need to try to return to a more normal state of surgery as we see our system be
able to work their way through this curve in the virus. And that's being driven, by the way, for also a
broad recognition that many of the procedures that are currently being delayed will have a health care
impact on these patients. And we also know, for example, that the more of a significant hit the economy
takes will likely lead to greater rates of under-insurance, and those studies would demonstrate that in
a poor economy, health care outcomes are poor. So these are not only economic issues, but these are
actually health care issues driving their desire to get back to work.

Also similar to Joe's point, I think every system is trying to decide what does that pace look like as
they have to return their operating suites, even some of their ambulatory surgery centers, back to
more elective procedures. That's not going to happen overnight. That's going to take some time for
them to reestablish the system. I think there's clear recognition of that. And then regarding the specific
procedures, look, we would expect obvious areas such as oncology and general surgery to come back
sooner. We would expect there to be also certain areas in orthopedics, while elective, that can have a
significant impact on mobility and overall standard of living to come back in next.

And then, look, we think the longer-term procedures, perhaps cataract surgery and areas of like that,
could be what I'd call a third tier. We also believe that the EP, the electrophysiology business, would be
one that we would also see a faster return to. I mean there is some concerning data actually regarding the
cardiovascular effects of COVID-19 and how that could manifest itself in some of these conditions. But at a

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

high level, I think that's the way we're thinking about it today. Paul or Joaquin, did you want to discuss the
impact on clinical time lines?

Joaquin Duato
Vice Chairman of Executive Committee

Yes. Thank you, Alex. Go ahead, Paul.

Christopher DelOrefice
Vice President of Investor Relations

Go ahead, Paul. Why don't you go?

Paulus A. Stoffels
Chief Scientific Officer

Yes. First on the regulatory, there are not -- at the moment, we have not got any information from
regulatory authorities that the current reviews on review time lines on our current submissions have
changed, so that's going like planned. For our anticipated filings in 2020, we progress as planned. And
at the moment, for the submissions that are fully recruited, our target, they will stay unchanged. And
then maybe for the submissions that are continuing to recruit patients, we'll evaluate in the next few
weeks. Clinical trials, we do our best -- utmost best to keep going with minimal delays as we are changing
sites and to less impacted areas as well as have different ways of reaching patients and working with the
investigators. Alex?

Alex Gorsky
Chairman & CEO

Joanne and others, just one comment that I would like to make, more of a global level here, too, is to
acknowledge the great work that the FDA and, frankly, European authorities and others are making
in partnering in an appropriate way for this pandemic. Our sense is that they have been extremely
collaborative in helping to ensure that our ongoing clinical trials, that patient care is not interrupted and
working with us on how can we make, again, appropriate adjustments along the way. So we've been really
pleased by the partnering that we've been able to have with them. And I just think it's really important
to acknowledge given all the other dynamics that are taking place right now that they're making that a
priority. Joaquin?

Joaquin Duato
Vice Chairman of Executive Committee

Yes. I would also add that this is going to be a particularly strong year for the pharmaceutical group in
terms of approvals and submissions. In terms of approvals, in the second half of the year, we're expecting
4 key line extension approvals, one being DARZALEX subcu that we expect in the second quarter, very
important for us and very important driver for DARZALEX. We also are expecting TREMFYA in psoriatic
arthritis. It's going to give us the opportunity to be the only IL-23 with both psoriasis and psoriatic
arthritis. We are expecting SPRAVATO in major depressive disorder with suicidal intent. And finally, we are
also expecting IMBRUVICA in frontline CLL in combo with rituximab. So 4 major line extension approvals in
the second half of the year.

Additionally, this is going to be a very strong year for Johnson & Johnson in submissions. We submitted
in the first quarter ponesimod, a new NME for multiple sclerosis, and we plan to have 3 additional
submissions also during the second half of the year. One is our BCMA CAR-T in relapse/refractory
multiple myeloma that has breakthrough designation. The other one, niraparib in metastatic castration-
resistant prostate cancer, that also has breakthrough designation. And finally, our latest one is our
bispecific EGFR, cMet, in non-small cell lung cancer that will be also submitted at the end of this year that
also has breakthrough designation. So very strong year from a filing and approval perspective for the
pharmaceutical group.

Christopher DelOrefice
Vice President of Investor Relations

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

Thanks, Joanne. Appreciate the question.

Operator

Our next question is from Terence Flynn with Goldman Sachs.

Terence C. Flynn
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Thanks for all the work the company is doing on the COVID front. Would you be able to share any
high-level perspective on what a framework for reopening the country looks like? And maybe what are
the leading indicators that you're watching here to understand if you'll need to potentially adjust your
guidance again?

Alex Gorsky
Chairman & CEO

Yes, Terence, thank you very much. And look, I'd also like to acknowledge the great work that I think
our teams have done in trying to provide you with a very thoughtful, balanced and fact-based projection
on what we're seeing in each of our markets. And again, it's been extremely rigorous using a number of
quantitative as well as qualitative sources to -- and hopefully, the kind of transparency that you're hearing
and you're seeing on this call is indicative of the way we're trying to proceed to ensure that you've got as
much information as possible to help understand what we're dealing with.

It's difficult to predict overall, but I would tell you that there are many efforts here in the United States,
certainly with organizations like the Business Roundtable. There are others taking place on a global basis.
And obviously, I think everyone believes that they should start with the science and the data on what
we're seeing in terms of disease progression, particularly in some of the hotspots and what you're seeing
in Italy and Spain, watching the ongoing issue in China with an emphasis on what could happen in a round
2 or round 3 as well as what we're seeing here in the United States, be it in New York City, Northern
New Jersey but also relative to other places. Frankly, we're seeing some quite encouraging signs such as
California and other areas.

So understanding the data in terms of what is the rate of new patient infections versus the rate, for
example, of discharges or deaths that are taking place we think is an important factor. Next, it's also the
availability of some of the testing kits that are available, both at the front end with antigen testing but
at the back end with antibody testing. We're really encouraged by some of the work that we're seeing
in the diagnostics area and the way that companies have stepped up to try to accelerate availability.
Clearly, there were some challenges early on, and there will likely continue to be some challenges. But
the more that we can ensure the kind of capacity that's necessary with kits, with reagents, with swabs
and these new testing procedures, we think that, again, that's going to give citizens and others a lot more
confidence.

I think third is going to be we'll likely to be in a state where it will be a combination of testing and
protocols for some time. Even as we return to work, understanding that the workplace, that our lives
will be a bit different, but understanding that we can use that data and sometimes maybe even by
new tracking devices in conjunction with the test kits, along with these protocols, to form what I'd
call a progressive or more gradual reentry, again, ensuring that we continue to build confidence. We
continue to watch the data. And we do that, by the way, while we're developing, hopefully, a therapeutic
that would give us an opportunity to intervene in this disease in the coming months. As you know, the
biopharmaceutical industry has invested billions of dollars over the past several decades. And it's not only
Johnson & Johnson. Other companies are doing tremendous work working with regulators to see what
can be done to accelerate that. And then if we can have one or several of those in combination perhaps
later in the summer or certainly as we head into the fall and then if we can get success with the vaccine,
and again, we're certainly proud of the work that we're doing that Paul mentioned but also by the other
companies, this would give us a very comprehensive approach so that as we head into the back end of
2020 and early 2021, that this is a disease that can be managed and one that will have a much better
understanding of and hopefully be able to put behind us at the right point in time.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

Christopher DelOrefice
Vice President of Investor Relations

Joe, did you want to comment on leading indicators related to guidance?

Joseph J. Wolk
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I would think it really dovetails to what Alex outlined there in terms of returning to work, opening
up the economy. We're going to look for those same telltale signs. How safe is the environment at large
with respect to people's comfort level to going back, being in social settings, going to hospitals to get
procedures that they would might otherwise defer during a time like this. So we'll continue to watch those
on each weekly basis and the volume that comes through our major markets.

Christopher DelOrefice
Vice President of Investor Relations

Great. Thanks, Terence. Appreciate the question.

Operator

The last question is from Louise Chen with Cantor.

Louise Alesandra Chen
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division

So first question I have for you is, could you provide more color on your variable cost structure? And
what's in that $2.3 billion decline in spend for this year? And then secondly, how should we think about
cash flow for 2020 and 2021 in light of your new guidance?

Joseph J. Wolk
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks for the questions, Louise. So with respect to what's in the $2.3 billion that I referenced in my
prepared remarks, those are expenses that we expect to naturally fall out as a result of the social
distancing or stay-at-home measures, the work-from-home measures that have been instituted across the
globe. So think of those in categories such as travel, company meetings. There will be some project delays
naturally when people aren't on-site to execute them.

I want to be very clear, though. We are not rushing to judgment and cutting valuable scientific programs,
valuable initiatives within our commercial capabilities or programs that benefit our employees to manage
our P&L in the short term. As you heard me say, we think we're very well positioned for the long term. You
heard from Paul, Alex and Joaquin that our clinical trials for our major submissions this year continue to
be on track. We are not looking to disrupt this. So we talk to investors regularly. They want us managing
for 2, 5, 10 years out with a long-term perspective, and so that's what we're living into. We think that's
appropriate, given with the guidance we provided today. And should the need arise, we will look to course
correct as appropriate.

With respect to our cash flow, clearly, we'll have a little bit of a hit to our original projections. But as a
reminder, we are a strong generator of cash flow. Last year, we had an all-time high of about $20 billion in
cash flow. We were still up very well into the teens this year and all our projections. We'll see how it plays
out relative to this guidance, but we're very well positioned with $18 billion of cash and access to credit
markets should we need them on a short-term basis. But we feel very comfortable with the position, not
just for getting through 2020 but then being very strong into 2021.

Christopher DelOrefice
Vice President of Investor Relations

Great. Thanks, Louise. Appreciate the question.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

Thanks to everyone for your questions and your continued interest in our company. Apologies, I know
we weren't able to get to a lot of you, but certainly, the Investor Relations team is happy to engage with
you in more detailed discussions, and we appreciate your time on the call today. We hope you find this
information valuable. And I'll now turn the call over to Alex just for some final comments.

Alex Gorsky
Chairman & CEO

Okay. Thank you once again, everybody, for your time and the work that you're doing. And I want to
end where we started by once again acknowledging the significant impact that this is having on citizens,
on patients, on consumers around the world. We also believe that this demonstrates the importance of
health care in everyone's lives, the impact that it has in a very personal way on people, on families, but
also the impact that it has on countries, on economies, on almost every aspect of our lives. And what I
can absolutely commit to you is that when we say that at Johnson & Johnson, we're built for time like
these, it's out of humility, knowing the important role that we play in ensuring health care is available and
accessible in a way where we can truly make a difference for billions of people around the world. So thank
you very much, and we look forward to our upcoming discussions and updates in the coming weeks and
months. Bye, everybody. Stay safe and stay healthy.

Operator
Thank you. This concludes today's Johnson & Johnson's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. You
may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

25

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

26

