Juniper Networks, Inc. NYSE:JNPR
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, January 28, 2021 10:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.53

0.55

3.77

0.25

1.54

1.55

0.65

1.65

1193.17

1222.60

2.47

1029.64

4416.01

4445.10

0.66

4546.57

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-28-2021 9:48 PM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.25

0.34

0.43

0.53

0.23

0.35

0.43

0.55

SURPRISE

(8.00 %)

2.94 %

0.00 %

3.77 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jess Ian Lubert
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Kenneth Bradley Miller
Executive VP & CFO

Rami Rahim
CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Ahmed Sami Badri
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Alexander Henderson
Needham & Company, LLC,
Research Division

Simon Matthew Leopold
Raymond James & Associates, Inc.,
Research Division

David Vogt
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Timothy Patrick Long
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Jeffrey Thomas Kvaal
Wolfe Research, LLC

Paul Jonas Silverstein
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Roderick B. Hall
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Ryan Boyer Koontz
Rosenblatt Securities Inc.,
Research Division

Samik Chatterjee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Greetings and welcome to the Juniper Networks Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2020 Financial Results
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Jess Lubert. Thank you, Jess. You may begin.

Jess Ian Lubert
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, and welcome to our fourth quarter 2020 conference call. Joining me
today are Rami Rahim, Chief Executive Officer; and Ken Miller, Chief Financial Officer.

Today's call contains certain forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. These
statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results might differ materially. These risks are
discussed in our most recent 10-Q, the press release and CFO commentary furnished with our 8-K filed
today and in our other SEC filings. Our forward-looking statements speak only as of today and Juniper
undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. Our discussion today will include non-
GAAP financial results. Reconciliation information can be found on the Investor Relations section of our
website under Financial Reports.

Commentary on why we consider non-GAAP information a useful view of the company's financial results
is included in today's press release. Following our prepared remarks, we will take questions. [Operator
Instructions]

With that, I will now hand the call over to Rami.

Rami Rahim
CEO & Director

Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss our Q4 and full year
2020 results. I hope you and your families are well and my thoughts go out to all those affected by the
pandemic.

2020 was an unprecedented year, which presented challenges that none of us could have predicted a year
ago. The biggest being the emergence of the global pandemic. This event materially impacted our supply
chain, the way we work and collaborate and how we engage with our customers around the world. The
pandemic also impacted the health of our customers, employees and people close to us in our personal
lives.

Despite these challenges, we grew our enterprise business for a fourth consecutive year. We grew our
cloud business for a second consecutive year, and we made progress stabilizing our Service Provider
business, with orders in this vertical growing on a full year basis even though revenue declined. These
results were made possible by the efforts of our employees who have executed exceptionally well, and
I'd like to give a special thanks to all of them for not only enduring, but excelling in the face of adversity.
We're proud to be one of the keepers of the global Internet, and the world needed the Internet in 2020
more than ever.

We are exiting 2020 following 2 consecutive quarters of year-over-year growth and entering the new
year with good momentum. This is a direct result of the strategic actions we have taken around how we
go-to-market, how we align our business and how we complement our organic business with thoughtful
acquisitions, such as Mist that create new revenue streams and pull-through sales of our existing
products.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

While these actions should set us up to sustainably grow our business starting this year, I'd like to
highlight several key areas of strategic focus where we plan to double down in the new year, which you'll
hear us talk more about during our upcoming Investor Day event on February 12.

First, delivering industry-leading customer experiences through superior technology, engagement, quality
and support. While we're entering 2021 with the highest customer satisfaction scores we have ever
seen, we view customer experience as our true north and are committed to doing even better. We think
delivering superior customer outcomes will enable us to win across all of the markets and verticals we
serve.

Second, focusing our business on specific use cases, which include the AI-driven enterprise, cloud-ready
data centers and automated WAN with connected security embedded in each. These use cases each
represent a large opportunity that spans across verticals we serve. Each of these use cases is likely to see
attractive market tailwinds over the next several years and focusing our resources on these areas should
enable us to accelerate our growth as these opportunities unfold.

As I discussed last quarter, we have reorganized our sales, product management and engineering teams
around these business opportunities, and we will begin disclosing our revenue mix in this format when we
report our Q1 results.

Third, capturing the value presented by our recent acquisition and making sure 128 Technology, Apstra
and Netrounds deliver similar returns on investment to what we are seeing with Mist, which continues
to exceed expectations and is positively impacting sales of the broader Juniper portfolio. I am very
encouraged by the early customer interest in each of these transactions, which is building confidence
these businesses will positively impact our performance in the future.

We firmly believe we are taking share and that the deliberate actions we have taken, along with some of
the investments we have made, should position us to not only capitalize on the big market opportunities,
such as 400-gig and 5G that will unfold over the next few years but also to see broader market success
that decreases our sensitivity to macro trends. We believe our plans will enable us to emerge from the
pandemic stronger than we entered and deliver sustainable top and bottom line growth over the next
several years even if end-market conditions remain challenged.

Now I'd like to provide some additional insights into the quarter and address some of the key
developments we are seeing within each of our core market verticals. Starting with enterprise. We
delivered record revenue in the December quarter and experienced high single-digit order growth year-
over-year, which exceeded our own expectations. While we saw particularly strong demand in the North
American market, strength was broad-based across geographies, and we secured a significant multiyear
opportunity with an international Global 10 account for our wireless, wired and SD-WAN portfolio driven
by our Mist AI differentiation. Based on our results, we believe we are taking share and that our enterprise
business is likely to be our fastest growth vertical in 2021.

Our optimism is fueled by the building customer response to our AI-driven enterprise offerings and
specifically, the momentum we are seeing around Mist, which saw new logos grow by more than 125%
year-over-year, and orders increased by nearly 140% year-over-year.

In addition to robust wireless growth driven by Mist AI, we experienced strong adoption of our wired
assurance capabilities and record pull-through of our EX switching portfolio. In total, our current mystified
business of Mist wireless LAN, wired assurance, Marvis virtual network assistant and associated EX pull-
through generated more than $150 million worth of revenue in 2020, and we expect to materially grow
this business over the next few years.

We would also remind you that Mist is a software subscription business with 30% to 35% of each deal
recognized ratably, generating a healthy deferred revenue stream, which will be recognized in the future.

The Mist technology is truly unique and delivers a compelling solution for AI-driven client-to-cloud
operations. Not only does our solution minimize IT costs with proactive automation and self-driving
action but it assures secure user experiences with end-to-end service levels and AI-driven support. This
experience-first focus is resonating in the market and is one of the reasons Gartner recently positioned

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

us in the leaders quadrant for wired and wireless access, where we were named the Leader of Leaders in
terms of ability to execute.

The acquisition of 128 Technology represents the next evolution of our AI-driven enterprise vision.
128 Technology will not only enable Juniper to provide a superior application and user aware SD-WAN
experience as compared to all other SD-WAN offerings in the market but also to extend the value of Mist's
secure AI engine and cloud management capabilities from client to cloud.

Our Service Provider segment also exceeded our expectations in Q4 and we have been encouraged
to see this business begin to stabilize in 2020 following several difficult years. The improved Service
Provider results we delivered, both in Q4 and for the full year 2020, are due in large part to the deliberate
diversification efforts we have undertaken, which has enabled us to overcome weak spending trends at
several of our large U.S. Tier 1 customers.

We believe the strength we are seeing with U.S. cable operators and international carriers is likely to
continue through the upcoming year and we remain optimistic regarding our ability to capture more
switching and security opportunities within the Service Provider vertical in addition to core and edge
routing deployments.

Not to be overlooked, we remain optimistic regarding the access/aggregation and metro routing
opportunities, which, in aggregate, represent a $2 billion portion of the market that is growing and where
Juniper historically hasn't played. We introduced our first product targeting this opportunity during the
second half of this past year and plan to introduce additional solutions through the course of 2021. Early
interest in our metro offerings is encouraging, and we believe the combination of these products with
Netrounds software automation capabilities should present a compelling value proposition that enable us
to win in this attractive portion of the market.

Based on our current pipeline, we remain confident in our ability to further stabilize our Service Provider
business during the upcoming year, despite the ongoing challenges facing many of our customers in this
vertical.

Our cloud business also exceeded our expectations in Q4 and grew on a full year basis for a second
consecutive year despite an anticipated decline in spending by what has historically been our largest cloud
customer. We have been able to achieve this growth through improved momentum with other hyperscale
accounts and continued success with our Tier 2 customers, which we plan to call cloud majors going
forward.

Our hyperscale pipeline remains healthy, and we continue to see strong wide-area momentum with these
important customers, particularly for our routing solutions, which experienced strong growth from both a
revenue and an orders perspective during the most recent quarter. While business with these customers
is likely to remain lumpy, especially as old projects complete and new projects ramp up, the funnel of new
high-value opportunities we have been seeing in this footprint continues to exceed the headwinds we also
see from old projects completing.

The value of our routing stack remains critical to these customers and some of the innovations we have
been delivering in software around SONiC and containerized routing are opening up new use cases to
expand our TAM and will further increase the value of our technology to this critical customer set.

Importantly, we also remain optimistic regarding our potential to gain share with cloud majors, which we
view as a large and growing market opportunity. Our potential here is not only driven by the strength
of our portfolio, and Apstra will further enhance our position, but this is also an area where we see
opportunities to diversify by gaining share within existing accounts and opening up new logos through an
incremental go-to-market effort. Based on our current pipeline and the momentum we are seeing at both
hyperscale and cloud majors, I expect us to grow our cloud business in 2021.

Importantly, we are continuing to make progress on 400-gig and currently have more than 100 wins for
our 400-gig capable products. While many of our wins are addressing wide-area use cases, where we
have historically been strong, we're also seeing an increased level of success in data center switching
opportunities. We continue to expand our 400-gig product set and deliver new features needed to gain

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

share in this critical market opportunity. We believe we have the right product and customer engagement
to both protect our wide-area footprint and capture switching share as the 400-gig cycle unfolds across
our cloud and carrier customers starting later this year.

On this last point, I'd like to spend a few minutes on Apstra, which has the potential to accelerate our
success in the data center switching market, both within cloud majors and large enterprise accounts.
Fabric management is a key determinant of success in many of these opportunities, and Apstra not only
provides us with leadership here but also in the area of closed-loop assurance, which allows customers to
quickly troubleshoot and remediate problems in large data center environments.

We believe Apstra's capabilities are highly differentiated and offer customers the industry's best day 0, day
1 and day 2 automated operations. We think these capabilities have the potential to significantly improve
customer experience and accelerate the momentum in our data center switching business, both in cloud
majors as well as large enterprise environment.

Our software business performed well in Q4 and accounted for 12% of our overall sales. As a company,
we remain laser-focused on capturing more software and in particular, more SaaS and subscription-
based software. While high-value SaaS and subscription software are a smaller percentage of our overall
software revenue stream today, they are growing rapidly, which is a trend we expect to continue over the
next several years. This growth is primarily being driven by the strong adoption of our Mist Cloud as well
as other software-based subscription offerings. The recent acquisitions of 128 Technology, Netrounds and
Apstra will further accelerate our efforts to capture more software revenue in the years to come.

I'd like to mention that our services team delivered another solid quarter and on a full year basis, 2020
was another year of service revenue growth due to strong renewals and attach rates as well as growth in
our SaaS and software subscriptions.

Our services team continues to execute extremely well and ensure our customers receive an excellent
experience. I would like to extend my thanks to our customers, partners and shareholders for their
continued support and confidence in Juniper. I especially want to thank our employees for their hard work
and dedication, which is essential to creating value for our stakeholders.

I will now turn the call over to Ken, who will discuss our quarterly financial results in more detail.

Kenneth Bradley Miller
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Rami, and good afternoon, everyone. I will start by discussing our fourth quarter results and
then cover the fiscal year 2020 and end with some color on our outlook.

We ended the fourth quarter of 2020 at $1.223 billion in revenue and non-GAAP earnings per share of
$0.55, both above the midpoint of guidance. Revenue grew 1%, which was the second consecutive quarter
of year-over-year growth. The higher than midpoint results were driven by strength across all verticals.

Looking at our revenue by vertical. On a year-over-year basis, Enterprise posted a record quarter,
growing 7% year-over-year and 14% sequentially. Cloud grew slightly year-over-year and increased 11%
sequentially. Service Provider declined 4% year-over-year and was essentially flat sequentially.

From a technology perspective, routing increased 9% year-over-year and grew 7% sequentially. Switching
decreased 2% year-over-year and increased 14% sequentially. Security decreased 14% year-over-year
and grew 19% sequentially. Our Services business decreased 1% year-over-year and increased 2%
sequentially. Software revenue was approximately 12% of total revenue in the fourth quarter.

Non-GAAP gross margin was 60.0% in the quarter, which was in line with our expectations.

In reviewing our top 10 customers for the quarter, 3 were Cloud, 6 were Service Provider and 1 was in
Enterprise. Our top 10 customers account for 30% of our total revenue as compared to 33% in the fourth
quarter of last year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

Product deferred revenue was $105 million, up 5% sequentially and down 21% year-over-year due to
the timing of the delivery of contractual commitments. Deferred revenue related to our software-as-
a-service and software subscription offerings, which grew year-over-year, are included in our Services
deferred revenue. Non-GAAP operating expenses increased 2% year-over-year and 4% sequentially. The
higher-than-anticipated costs were driven by higher variable compensation, mostly in the go-to-market
organization, as a result of higher revenue as well as the acquisition of 128 Technology.

Cash flow from operations was $126 million for the quarter, an increase both year-over-year and
sequentially. We paid $66 million in dividends, reflecting a quarterly dividend of $0.20 per share. We also
repurchased $75 million worth of shares.

Total cash, cash equivalents and investments at the end of the fourth quarter of 2020 was $2.4 billion.
I would like to point out that there was a timing difference between our new debt issuance and the full
retirement of the previous debt which was completed in January. As a result of this timing difference, our
total cash and debt balances are elevated by approximately $485 million and $425 million, respectively, as
of year-end.

Moving on to our full year results. Total revenue for 2020 was $4.445 billion, which was flat versus 2019.
Our Enterprise business grew 3% for the year, despite the impact of the pandemic. This was our fourth
consecutive year of full year growth in Enterprise. Our Cloud business grew 2% for the year, the second
consecutive year of growth. Our Service Provider business began to stabilize and performed as expected,
declining 4% for the full year.

Looking at our technologies, routing declined 1% and switching grew 2% and security declined 9% year-
over-year. Our Services business grew 1%. Software was 10% of total revenue, the second year of
software being at or above this level.

In reviewing our top 10 customers for the year, 5 were Cloud, 4 were Service Provider and 1 was in
Enterprise.

Non-GAAP gross margin declined by 90 basis points in 2020, primarily due to the additional logistics and
other supply chain-related costs related to COVID-19, partially offset by improvement in our Service gross
margin.

Throughout the year, we continue to focus on disciplined operating expense management with a modest
increase of less than 1% on a non-GAAP basis. Non-GAAP operating expense as a percentage of revenue
was 43.7%. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $1.55 in 2020.

For the year, we had cash flow from operations of $612 million, which increased $83 million compared to
2019.

During 2020, we took a balanced approach to capital allocation. We repurchased $375 million worth
of shares and paid $264 million in dividends for a total capital return of 125% of free cash flow to
shareholders. In addition, we acquired 2 growth-oriented companies that we believe will help us return
to sustainable revenue growth and margin expansion over time. We also improved our capital structure
by refinancing a portion of our debt, locking in historically low long-term financing rates and extending
our average maturity while preserving our investment-grade credit profile. I am proud of the strategic
approach the team has taken to ensure our financial resilience through these challenging and uncertain
times.

Now I would like to provide some color on our guidance, which you can find details in the CFO
commentary available on our Investor Relations website. At the midpoint of our revenue guidance,
revenue is expected to be up 6% year-over-year, which includes less than $10 million from our recent
acquisitions. We expect non-GAAP gross margin to experience normal seasonal patterns in the first
quarter. Excluding the anticipated impact of increased COVID-related costs, non-GAAP gross margin would
be approximately flat versus the first quarter of last year.

We expect first quarter non-GAAP operating expense to increase sequentially, primarily due to the
inclusion of approximately $20 million of operating expenses related to the recent acquisition as well as

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

the annual reset of variable compensation and the typical seasonal increase in fringe costs, partially offset
by a decline in commission expense.

In addition, our first quarter non-GAAP EPS guidance includes the dilutive impact of the recent
acquisitions.

Before we move on to Q&A, I would like to provide some comments on our expectations for the full year
2021. Our 2021 revenue and non-GAAP earnings expectations remain unchanged relative to the forecast
we provided during our Q3 2020 earnings call. However, we have updated our growth expectations to
account for the revenue and the non-GAAP earnings upside that we experienced in Q4 2020 as compared
to the midpoint of our guidance. We have also factored in the acquisition of Apstra, which is expected to
be dilutive to our non-GAAP earnings during the first half of 2021, but be breakeven on a full year basis.

In terms of full year revenue, we expect organic growth of approximately 2% to 3% and we anticipate an
additional 1% of growth from the recent acquisitions. Beyond the first quarter, we expect revenue to grow
sequentially each quarter in 2021.

While non-GAAP gross margin can be difficult to predict, we expect full year gross margin of approximately
60% due to the higher volume, reduced COVID-related logistics costs and higher software mix as well as
improved service costs. Through the course of the year, we expect non-GAAP gross margin to improve
with volume.

Non-GAAP operating expense is expected to remain near first quarter levels through the course of the
year. The full year non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be approximately flat to 2020 levels.
While we expect total non-GAAP operating expense to be up on a full year basis as we absorb our recent
acquisition and invest to take advantage of market opportunities, we remain committed to disciplined
expense management and expanding operating margin longer term.

I'd also like to note that we expect non-GAAP other income and expense to remain near first quarter levels
through the course of the year.

Our non-GAAP tax rate on worldwide earnings is expected to be 19.5%, plus or minus 1%. We expect full
year non-GAAP EPS to grow faster than revenue.

Finally, our Board of Directors has declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.20 per share, to be paid this
quarter to stockholders of record.
In closing, I would like to thank our team for their continued dedication and commitment to Juniper's
success, especially in this challenging environment. Now I'd like to open the call for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Simon Leopold with Raymond James.

Simon Matthew Leopold
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

I wanted to just get sort of a very simple one out of the way. I appreciate the commentary on the full year.
One of the trends that we assume would occur would be expenses rising in the second half of the year
with some normalization and catch up post the pandemic. I'm thinking about things like travel expenses
coming back. I'm just wondering how you're thinking about those kind of expenses coming back. Is that
something you're assuming happens in 2022 rather than later this year? And then I've got a bigger picture
question afterwards.

Kenneth Bradley Miller
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Thank you, Simon. So for Q1, the primary driver of the sequential growth in OpEx, the Q1 guide at
$510 million really is the acquisitions that we recently closed, and that's about $20 million of OpEx in our
Q1 number. We expect for the rest of the year to roughly maintain those Q1 levels around $510 million
plus or minus a bit. We do anticipate there being some cost coming back into the equation when people
start to travel again, et cetera, perhaps in the second half. However, I do think the new normal is still yet
to be determined. And at this point, I'm not expecting all the costs to come back. I think we'll be able to
be conservative and basically efficient with our travel, et cetera, as we move forward. So although I do
expect some COVID cost to come back, we don't have a large amount baked into our current full year
forecast at this time.

Simon Matthew Leopold
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

And then in terms of the trend, it seems pretty clear that the Enterprise market vertical will become your
largest by the end of 2021. And doing business in that space is just very different than Juniper's routes.
So clearly, you've done something different to get here. But could you talk about how this has affected
the thinking on the long-term multiyear strategy and the profile of maybe the company's culture, go-to-
market?

Rami Rahim
CEO & Director

Yes. I'm happy to address that, Simon. So this would be -- 2020 would be our fourth consecutive year
of growth in the Enterprise vertical. So this is not a new thing for us. However, I do believe that there
have been a number of strategic actions that we've taken over the last few years, equipping sales and
structuring sales in a way that goes after the Enterprise effectively and efficiently. Our organic innovation,
our inorganic acquisitions have set us up to accelerate this part of our business. So despite the challenges
that we saw in 2020 as a result of COVID, we grew this vertical, and we grew it nicely. I think we're taking
share.

I believe our technology and our differentiation has never been stronger. We've created not just market
share growth and business growth, but mind share growth in the industry. And I think we've done so
with an eye on doing it as efficiently as possible by focusing on the large enterprises. So a big component
of our success comes from large Fortune 500, Global 1000 accounts, where the sales investment is as
efficient as it can be for that enterprise. So for all these reasons, I honestly have never felt better about
our opportunity in the enterprise space.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

Our next question comes from Paul Silverstein with Cowen.

Paul Jonas Silverstein
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

First off, Ken, in terms of supply constraints, how large an issue and are you disadvantaged vis-à-vis
Cisco, given the large volume into Broadcom and other suppliers? Or is that just not an issue in terms of
both revenue growth and the pricing? And I've got a bigger picture follow-up question.

Kenneth Bradley Miller
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So we clearly did experience some pretty significant supply constraints in the peak of kind of the
COVID pandemic, if you will, kind of in the summer months. We've had material improvement since then.
I would articulate that as we exited the year, we're pretty much back to normal. We might have some
elevated lead times here and there, but that's more due to demand being beyond our expectation and
then true supply constraints. I'm very pleased with how the team has really adapted and improved the
supply as we proceed.

That said, backlog is higher. We're exiting the year with about 20% more backlog than we entered. So
we are maintaining healthy backlog as we move into this year 2021 and really, the supply constraints,
extended lead times, et cetera, that we saw through most of the summer months are largely behind
us at this point. I don't believe we're at a competitive disadvantage. Our team does a great job with
components manufacturing and component suppliers to negotiate the supply that we need.

Paul Jonas Silverstein
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

All right. And then on -- I hate to ask you this because I think I asked every quarter, so my apologies,
but I think it's been an investor concern for a while, which is have you seen any share losses? Are there
any signs of awards away from you, specifically in cloud for the DCI WAN routing or switching use cases?
And on the other side of the equation, Rami, it's your comments about ongoing optimism in the cloud, any
incremental insight you can give in terms of where is the opportunity for the greater subset?

Rami Rahim
CEO & Director

Certainly, Paul. So the short answer to your question is, no. We have not lost share or footprint in cloud
routing today, I mean, in cloud period, I should say. We saw our routing up double-digit year-over-year in
the Q4 time frame. I think that is an indication of the health of the footprint that we have retained in this
extremely important vertical for us. We continue to see healthy diversification within cloud, both within
the hyperscale cloud providers where we enjoy footprint across practically all of them, but also among
the -- what we used to call Tier 2, Tier 3, which we're now calling cloud majors going forward, more and
more market share in that area as well. I'd also think that there is a greater diversity of technologies that
we're selling. So it's not just about routing, it's also about switching. It's also about security in this very
important vertical.

As I look out into 2021, I believe our footprint that we retain within the cloud space is going to work for
us, right? We didn't anticipate any major additional share taking that's going to happen in 2021 to achieve
the growth that we believe that we can achieve in '21. But I do think that with the right focus in go-to-
market, the technology that I know we have, that I know is very competitive, we can, in fact, take some
additional share as well in this vertical.

Operator

Our next question comes from Tim Long with Barclays.

Timothy Patrick Long
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

Two, if I could as well. First, maybe, Rami, talk a little bit about the Enterprise side. You mentioned a lot of
really good cross-selling with Mist, it seems to be doing very well. Could you talk a little bit about kind of
win rates, deal sizes and kind of how you get more out of that business to keep the ball rolling? And then
second, you talked obviously, there's a bunch of other acquisitions, you framed for us the size of them.
Could you talk a little bit about the 3 of them and how easy it's going to be for the sales force to engage
with those and potentially make 1, 2 or all of them have a similar type of impact and ramp that Mist is
having on the company?

Rami Rahim
CEO & Director

Yes, great question, Tim. Thank you. So as just a couple of data points for you to give you an indication
of just how well we're doing with Mist, our annualized order business for Mist stand-alone in Q4 exceeded
$200 million. And if you include Mist wireless and wired, so this is EX that's sold really under the Mist
automation framework, on a stand-alone annualized order basis, it's really around $300 million already. So
the momentum has been really amazing.

We're going to take the playbook that we implemented and getting our sellers very proficient in being able
to position the Mist differentiation, the technology and apply that exact same playbook to the acquisitions
that we've made last year, 128 and Apstra, in particular, which are mostly suited for the Enterprise but
have applicability in other verticals as well.

With 128, it is a really unique differentiated SD-WAN solution that fit beautifully under the Mist client-to-
cloud vision, right, where you're extracting data insight telemetry from everything in the path between
client to cloud and you're doing something really interesting with that data, which is to provide insights
and improved automation and improved end-user experience for our customers.

Apstra takes this experience-first networking approach that we know has worked so effectively in the
campus, in client to cloud and applies it to the data center. So honestly, early interest in Apstra, although
we just closed the deal yesterday, has been -- like exceeded our expectations at this point. The pipeline
we're building, the interest in customers that want to understand the better together story has been
extremely encouraging.

And then the last acquisition is a little bit, a smaller one, which is Netrounds, and Netrounds has
applicability to all verticals, but especially the Service Provider vertical, where we have an ability now to
sell beyond just the box and connectivity between boxes, but an assured experience, assured SLAs to
service providers, and we're also very pleased with the early interest from SPs in that technology as well.

Kenneth Bradley Miller
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And on the Enterprise kind of customer acquisition question, Tim, I mean, we did mention in Rami's
prepared remarks too, we did see 125% increase in new logos for Mist. I'd tell you that a good percentage
of those logos are existing Juniper installed base customers. So really leveraging our installed base with
the growth asset of Mist is very much part of the strategy to accelerate the Mist growth, but also a good
percentage of those customers are net new to Juniper. So really, there is a land-and-expand opportunity
where we might leave with the Mist and the Mist AI engine then expand to the rest of the portfolio. So
we're really excited about the Enterprise momentum we're seeing from a customer acquisition perspective.

Operator

Our next question comes from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.

Samik Chatterjee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Rami, I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks the stabilization in the Service Provider spending.
But I think you mentioned that telco -- U.S. telco spending has been weak, whereas you're just kind
of seeing stress with the cable customers. Can you just kind of talk about how long do you think this
weakness from U.S. service provider -- in relation to your service provider spending kind of continues?
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

And what kind of impact maybe some of these options going on in the U.S. are having on spending? And I
have a follow-up.

Rami Rahim
CEO & Director

Yes, I'd be happy to, Samik. We're very pleased with our results in SP. Though Europe largely played out
as expected from a revenue standpoint, Q4 probably exceeded our expectations by a bit. We enjoy very
strong, healthy franchises with service providers around the world. 49 of the top 50 service providers
worldwide our customers trust Juniper technology.

We did see weakness in some of the largest Tier 1 service providers, especially here in North America. And
I think for the reason that we all know, there has been a lot of capital expenditure that has been placed
in spectrum auctions and so forth. So it diverted investments away from the areas of the network, the
business that we are traditionally strong in. I don't expect that to be the case forever.

If you look out into '21, and we've provided an outlook of further stabilization, i.e., even better results
than we saw in 2020 in '21, we did not, in that outlook, anticipate a resumption that any significant
resumption in spending by our large Tier 1 SP. If they do resume spending in the kind of IP technology
that we develop and sell, then I think that would obviously benefit our business even more.

The strength that we saw has to do with the diversification strategy that we have been executing on.
So increased penetration in the cable space in this country, Tier 2 and Tier 3 service providers that are
working very effectively for us and international service providers. You'll notice that we had a very healthy
quarter in Asia Pacific. I'm very proud of the team in APAC for really showing results, not just in SP, but
across all verticals, and that's just an indication of the kind of diversification we're driving through our
business.

Samik Chatterjee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got it. I had a follow-up on the 400-gig wins that you talked about, I think you said you have 100 wins
and most of them are in the WAN, but there's a portion of them in data center switching as well. If you
can just kind of talk about how many of those switching wins are where you already had that position in
the data center with the customer versus kind of new wins where you displace incumbent or it's new use
case that's kind of come up and you've managed to gain a position there, which is kind of an incremental
opportunity?

Rami Rahim
CEO & Director

Yes. In cloud provider data center switching, many wins are going to be mostly around net new share for
us because that's where our existing share is not all that high. I don't know the exact split of the business
that you're asking for, but I'll give you this data point. If you look at the foundation of 400-gig business
today and measured in a number of customers, in the Q3 of 2020 time frame, our cumulative number
of customers that invested in 400-gig capable switching technology and compared that to the Q4 time
frame, same metric, cumulative number of customers that invested in 400-gig switching technology, that's
doubled. So whereas the revenue from 400-gig switching today is still relatively small in comparison to the
total switching business, the way we measure it is momentum in wins and momentum in customers and
you can see that, that momentum is quite solid. That's a very encouraging data point for us.

Operator

Our next question comes from Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs.

Roderick B. Hall
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

I had a couple of quick number clarifications and a question on the products. So on the numbers, Ken, you
said 2% to 3% growth and then 1% for acquisitions. Is that 1% on top of the 2% to 3% or is it included?
That's first question.

Kenneth Bradley Miller
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, it'd be on top of. So we expect in aggregate 3% to 4% in total.

Roderick B. Hall
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Right. Okay. That's what I thought. And then on the gross margins, you said, excluding COVID costs, I'm
assuming COVID costs there would be just a few tenths of a percent. Could you just confirm that that's
the case?

Kenneth Bradley Miller
Executive VP & CFO

Our COVID costs are running between 50 and 100 basis points in any given quarter. So it's a fairly
material impact to our past few quarters, and I expect it to be similar in Q1. I do think that should come
down a bit in maybe the second half, but the first half, I expect it to be -- remain in that 50 to 100 basis
points of impact.

Roderick B. Hall
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Okay. So we add 50 to 100 back to account for the COVID costs?

Kenneth Bradley Miller
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Once the costs normalize, that's what we'd expect to see, yes.

Roderick B. Hall
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Okay. And then on the products, I just wanted to check on Mist again, Rami, that I guess the thing that we
get back from investors quite a bit is this, it's hard for people to believe the campus networking-oriented
products like that are going to continue to do well as we reopen. I think a lot of people think, gosh, why
would people invest in their campus networking. And I know there's reasons for that, namely that you
don't have a lot of market share there, and there's a lot to go for. But could you just kind of help maybe
for the broader audience, help us all understand kind of what's going through customers' minds when they
think about investing in that in the kind of a reopening environment, an environment where maybe more
people are working from home, long term, that sort of thing?

Rami Rahim
CEO & Director

Yes, certainly. It's actually a great question, Rod. So the way that we've maintained our momentum
throughout the pandemic is on focusing on subsegments of the Enterprise and, of course, Cloud and SP,
but primarily in the Enterprise, that are most resilient to economic perturbations or spending patterns in
IT. So financial services, higher education, so think here college campuses, U.S. federal government, large
big-box type retailers, warehouses, these are all areas where investments in IT and networking must be
made today.

But as we look out beyond the pandemic, and you start to think about what happens when we recover
from the pandemic, my strong belief is that there will be a pivot towards investments in IT technology
that's going to be cloud delivered, AI-driven. It's not going to be the complex legacy on-prem traditional
technologies that, quite frankly, are not important to Juniper, not a part of our strategy. It's the cloud-
delivered technology that I think will actually see an acceleration as you get out of this COVID crisis.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

So my view is we've done what's necessary to capture share during the pandemic, and we're setting
ourselves up with a strategy that's going to be geared to where investments are going to be greatest post-
pandemic.

Roderick B. Hall
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

So you would be thinking that people are investing to give themselves more resiliency, more workforce
flexibility, that kind of thing as they think through the other side of the pandemic?

Rami Rahim
CEO & Director

Absolutely. Whether it is because they need that flexibility or because they want to crush the cost of
running networks by replacing the human elements of running network with automation. And that is the
magic of Mist. And again, don't think of Mist as just wireless LAN. Mist is that cloud-delivered AI-powered
automation framework for wireless, wired and now with 128 Technology WAN that full client to cloud
experience.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jeff Kvaal with Wolfe Research.

Jeffrey Thomas Kvaal
Wolfe Research, LLC

I guess my first question is about cloud. And I guess I'm wondering, are there opportunities for you to
do better than that sort of a growth statement that you gave for the year. And I say that in the context
of we had a couple of tough years in cloud as you I'm sure know better than I do. And we've had now a
couple of decent years in cloud given they are flattish or up some. But at the same time, we see these
cloud companies that are growing their revenues and expanding their CapEx and building new data
centers at a faster clip than what your revenues are doing. And so I'm wondering if there's an opportunity
here, whether it's '21 or '22 or down the road to kind of close the gap a little bit and make cloud a more
sustainable mid or even high single-digit grower.

Rami Rahim
CEO & Director

Yes. So Jeff, it's a good question. So we've seen now 2 years of growth in cloud. When we provide our
outlook for '21, we're not assuming any major take share-type opportunities that we score that would
accelerate beyond just the statement of growth. I mean that's really the thing that I would ask you to
take note of. If there were 400-gig opportunities that would represent major like net new footprint and
certainly, that would be additive and I will say this, I mean we do see those opportunities. And we are
absolutely -- sleeves are rolled up, and we're aggressively fighting for them and actually, I feel kind of
good about them, but we're not yet at a point where we want to call them in our outlook for '21.

Jeffrey Thomas Kvaal
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. All right. And then secondly, just to follow up on Rod's question a bit. How do you feel like your
Enterprise customers are now perceiving their willingness to invest? And I think we cycle back a quarter
or 2, even different companies we talk about, well, they are doing digital transformation, now they aren't,
seems like not -- our starts to -- feels like these are back. Where are we in the recovery spending zone?
Are we fully back yet? Or is there more -- is there opportunity for acceleration from here?

Rami Rahim
CEO & Director

No, I don't think we're fully back yet. I still believe that there are COVID-related headwinds that we --
what we're facing, and we're anticipating that we will continue to face. In fact, I strongly believe that

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

our Enterprise business would have performed even better in 2020, had it not been for COVID. We're
not in our outlook for enterprise accounting on a major recovery, a significant recovery from COVID-type
spending in enterprise, but should that reverse, let's say, in the second half of the year, enterprises go
back to spending more like they used to, then I think we'll absolutely benefit from that.

As far as your question around appetite for spending, in those verticals that I just mentioned to Rod,
financial services, campuses, higher education, federal government, large retailers, actually, the appetite
for investments as measured by large projects is there. We've seen it. And we've won many opportunities
based on the merits, the differentiation of our technology.

And the last thing I would say is even in the, let's say, the smaller-type enterprises, let's say, mid-sized
enterprises, where COVID is going to be more of a headwind, more of a factor to be considered in IT
teams justifying projects, I would argue that we're living at a time now where differentiation matters
most, right? And I have never felt more strong about the merits of our technology, the differentiation of
our solution for the enterprise.

Operator

Our next question comes from Sami Badri with Crédit Suisse.

Ahmed Sami Badri
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

The first question is more of a timing and clarification on one of your cloud comments, Rami. You
mentioned that you are completing some projects, and then you're seeing the commencement of other
projects. I just want to get an idea on some of the seasonality or just the timing of some of these. Are we
seeing things kind of wind down right now, which means that things could be kind of slow for a quarter
or 2 in the Cloud segment and then could they potentially ramp back up very quickly to the back half of
2021? Is there anything we should be expecting as kind of like the lumpiness in 2021 Cloud revenue?

Rami Rahim
CEO & Director

Yes. Yes, I'm happy to answer that, Sami. So first, I wouldn't say seasonality because it sort of indicates
maybe some timing of orders that's based on which quarter of the year. And that's not necessarily what
we're seeing. What we see within the Cloud vertical are really 2 dynamics. One of them is a natural
evolution of the deployment of use cases. So there are always going to be older, more mature use cases
that start to sort of diminish. They're reduced over time. But we're offsetting those older use cases with
new use cases that we continue to win even within the same customer. So any cloud provider, especially
hyperscale cloud provider is going to be deploying our technology in a number of different use cases. And
that natural evolution of use cases has always been there. Some will decline and others will grow.

The second factor within the Cloud vertical is diversity within or among customers, we're seeing really
healthy diversity among our largest hyperscale cloud customers, and that offsets some of the puts
and takes of use cases within each of the customers, and we're seeing strength in the cloud majors
opportunity where there are many customers. So that naturally is going to be a more diverse element of
our business.

Ahmed Sami Badri
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Got it. But just to kind of lock on here, first half of 2021 should be relatively like no real surprises or
should we be kind of expecting lumpiness or anything like that, just so I can frame out the year a little bit?

Rami Rahim
CEO & Director

No. We're not anticipating any surprises. I mean, like I said, when we provide an outlook of growth in
cloud, we're totally factoring in this transition of use cases in our business, and we're also, of course,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

taking into account that we've got a diversity of customers, and we're not counting on any major net new
footprint wins.

Ahmed Sami Badri
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Got it. Got it. I wanted to -- I just want to shift gears a little bit back to something that was a big dynamic
about 2 years ago, the MX, the PTX transition. This hasn't really come up much.

Operator

I apologize. This is the operator, we are -- we have to move on to our next question. Our next question
comes from David Vogt with UBS.

David Vogt
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Just want to circle back on the enterprise for a second. Clearly, it's becoming a critical driver of the
company going forward. And the recent M&A's query has been really focused on that segment. I just
wanted to touch on how do you think about the portfolio today going forward? And where or if there are
any white spaces that you need to address going forward to really solidify out that market going forward?
And then I just have a quick follow-up question.

Rami Rahim
CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks for the question, David. I really do think that we've rounded out our portfolio and our
position, our solutions for each of our 3 really important use cases. I don't think there are any glaring
gaps at this point in time. We're always going to be looking for opportunities for value-enhancing M&A.
But quite frankly, where my mind is at right now, where my focus is at is on landing and integrating
successfully and achieving the kind of business momentum and success that we saw with Mist to these
acquisitions that we made last year.

David Vogt
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Great. And just a quick follow-up on the M&A activity. I think last quarter, you mentioned -- pushed the
closing of 128, you would expect about 1 point of growth this year in 2021 from that transaction. And your
commentary certainly sounds like the receptiveness or the enthusiasm around Apstra has gotten clearly
ahead of your expectations. Does that suggest that sort of the expectation from an M&A perspective that
you outlined today probably is a little bit conservative, given sort of the initial client feedback from the
transactions that you've completed?

Kenneth Bradley Miller
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So we did tweak the language a little bit there, David. We talked about being nearly 1 point of
growth. We thought that the 128 tech and Netrounds would give us nearly 1 point of growth. We're now
getting it to -- we do expect a full point of growth from our recent acquisition. So it's a modest change in
our outlook there.

Jess Ian Lubert
Vice President of Investor Relations

Operator, we'll take 2 more questions.

Operator

Our next question comes from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo. Alex Henderson with Needham.

Alexander Henderson
Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

So I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the spending patterns that you're seeing from enterprise
customers, not so much driven by COVID but rather by the impact of the SolarWinds hack. We've spent a
fair amount of time talking to value-added resellers during the survey work and the like as well as talking
to individual companies. And it seems quite clear that spending intention around security has ratcheted up
quite significantly and that the overall IT budgets are also increasing quite meaningfully, which does not
really put to your commentary about fairly soft conditions on spending, potentially improving once COVID
is resolved. Have you had conversations with the C-suite types in the large accounts or even intermediate-
size accounts that are recent enough to get a handle on whether SolarWinds had an impact on spending
intentions? And while you're at it, did you have any impact on -- as a result of the hack?

Rami Rahim
CEO & Director

Yes. So there are a few things there's to unpack. First, I want to say, actually, what I mentioned was
we anticipate enterprise spending to be healthy post COVID. So I actually think that there will be a
resumption in spend and more tailwinds, an acceleration, if you will, of enterprise spending in many
different use cases, especially the use cases that we as a company are focused on.

Next, I want to say with respect to Juniper and impact of SolarWinds, we never put that SolarWinds
product into any of our products that we sell our customers. And of course, once we heard of the news, we
quickly scoured our own networks and looked for any exposures, and we didn't find that we were in any
way exposed. So that I'll just get out of the way.

In terms of has SolarWinds or how their security-type incidents increased the appetite for IT leaders or
CSOs, to focus on spending, especially in security, the answer is absolutely, yes. I mean there is a reason
that I think it's very important that as a networking company, you also have security competence and you
embed security as a forethought, not an afterthought in all of the solutions that you sell to address the
use cases that are important to your business, that's never been more important.

So our security business in Q4 did not grow, but there's a reason for this. The high end of our security,
where we typically sell into large service providers, cloud providers, that tends to be lumpy. The broader
part of our security portfolio is, really the strategy there is to embed it into our solutions. So we talked a
lot about Mist. One element of our client-to-cloud Mist solution is that it's going to be secured by default
with the technology that we have embedded in our -- the Mist solution portfolio. And for that reason,
I'm actually quite optimistic about how these security trends and the appetite to invest in security by IT
departments for our business.

Alexander Henderson
Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division

So did you talk to any C-suites post this hack broke in December? And one guy put it to me that we wish
we could have a hack like this every year. If you're going to have a hack, have it in December because it
spiked spending intention. Have you heard anything along those lines from anybody in the C-suites that
you talked to?

Rami Rahim
CEO & Director

Yes. So my remarks were -- Alex, were absolutely based on conversations that I have on an ongoing
basis with C-suite professionals. So I think a big and very important part of my job is to talk on a regular
basis to CEOs, CIOs, CTOs of large enterprises, service providers, cloud providers. And the net of it
is absolutely, security is a top-of-mind consideration. It's driving spending and making sure that our
customers understand that security is embedded in all of our strategic use case solutions is a big part of
my job.

Operator

Our last question comes from Ryan Koontz with Rosenblatt Securities.

Ryan Boyer Koontz
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

Rosenblatt Securities Inc., Research Division

Great progress on the routing side with Service Provider stabilizing there. I wonder if you could give us
any color on some of the use cases you're seeing, some of the new use cases in the enterprise and cloud?
Is it as simple as the campus and the DCI WAN piece? Or am I missing some other interesting use case?

Rami Rahim
CEO & Director

Yes. I'm very pleased with our routing progress. In Q4, we saw double-digit routing growth in cloud
providers and enterprises. Government and cable momentum was strong. MX and PTX grew both on a
year-over-year and a sequential basis. So it does appear to be broad-based.

The use cases today for us are mostly going to be in core routing and edge routing, some DCI data center
interconnect. The thing that I'm really excited about when it comes to the opportunity is on our metro
road map. The metro represents around a $2 billion routing opportunity today that's growing at a healthy
clip. It's probably the fastest-growing routing submarket of the overall routing market, and it's largely
untapped by Juniper.

And the good news is this is just another high-performance networking -- network, but it requires certain
capabilities, certain aspects of your products around footprint and power efficiency and certain types of
features. These are all within our wheelhouse. And this is a road map that we're executing on. We've
already introduced the first product to address it, but you can expect a number of new products that
we introduce this year to complete our metro routing portfolio. Netrounds really fits beautifully into this
solution because it really provides that automation and SLA assurance end-to-end that's important for the
metro. So that, I believe, is going to help us in our routing business in '21, but especially in '22 when the
portfolio is complete.

Operator

There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to Jess Lubert for any
closing comments.

Jess Ian Lubert
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, operator. Before we conclude today's call, I'd like to remind everyone that Juniper will be
hosting its Virtual 2021 Investor Day on February 12. Executive presentations will start at 10 a.m. Eastern
Standard time and can be accessed via a link which will be posted to our IR website. If you have any
questions regarding how to participate in the event, you can reach out to me at jlubert@juniper.net. We
look forward to hopefully seeing you there. That concludes today's call. Thank you.

Operator
This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your
participation, and have a wonderful evening.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

