JPMorgan Chase & Co. NYSE:JPM
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, April 14, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.20

2.89

31.36

2.16

8.16

9.21

Revenue  (mm)

29452.67

28251.00

(4.08 %)

28129.88

111898.88

114197.59

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-14-2020 1:25 PM GMT

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.49

2.45

2.36

2.20

2.82

2.68

2.57

2.89

13.25 %

9.39 %

8.90 %

31.36 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

James Dimon
Chairman & CEO

Jennifer A. Piepszak
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Andrew Lim
Societe Generale Cross Asset
Research

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Brian Matthew Kleinhanzl
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Saul Martinez
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Christoph M. Kotowski
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Steven Joseph Chubak
Wolfe Research, LLC

Erika Najarian
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Gerard S. Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Glenn Paul Schorr
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

John Eamon McDonald
Autonomous Research LLP

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to JPMorgan Chase's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. This
call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] We will now go live to the presentation. Please stand by.

At this time, I would like to turn the call over to JPMorgan Chase's Chairman and CEO, Jamie Dimon; and
Chief Financial Officer, Jennifer Piepszak. Ms. Piepszak, please go ahead.

Jennifer A. Piepszak
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. As you heard, Jamie is with me on the call, and I know I
speak for the entire company when I say we are just thrilled that he's back.

Before we get into the first quarter performance, we want to start by recognizing that this is an extremely
challenging time for all of us, and our thoughts are with those most affected by COVID-19, particularly
those on the front lines of this crisis.

The presentation this quarter is slightly longer to address a few key topics as we navigate this
environment. And as always, it's available on our website, and we ask that you please refer to the
disclaimer at the back.

Starting on Page 1, I'd like to highlight some of the ways we're responding to COVID-19. As a firm,
we are focused on being there for our employees, customers, clients and communities in what is an
unprecedented and uncertain environment. And while we don't know how this will play out, we will be
transparent here about our assumptions and what we know today.

Our #1 priority is to continue to provide our services in an uninterrupted way while also providing a safe
work environment for our employees. We're incredibly proud of all that our firm has been able to do over
the past few weeks. So I'll just hit on a few examples here.

We've mobilized our workforce around the globe to work remotely where feasible, including operations
and finance teams, portfolio and risk managers, bankers and traders, ensuring they have the right tools
to work effectively. Currently, we have about 70% working from home across the company. And for many
groups, that number is well north of 90%. And for those who still need to go into the office or into a
branch, we are taking extra precautions and being extremely mindful of their safety. And we're providing
assistance in other ways, too. For instance, we're offering free COVID-related medical treatment to U.S.
employees and their dependents.

On the consumer side, approximately 3/4 of our 5,000 branches have been opened, all with heightened
safety procedures and many with drive-through options. And the vast majority of our over 16,000 ATMs
remain accessible.

And while our call center capacity has been challenged, we've quickly activated resiliency plans to address
customer call seeking assistance, and we put in place new digital and self-service solutions in record time.
And while wait times have been extended, we're making good progress reducing them.

For our customers who are struggling financially during this time, we are providing relief such as a 90-
day grace period for mortgage, auto and card payments as well waiving or refunding certain fees. We
continue to support our customers and clients by providing liquidity and advice during this challenging
market environment. And in the month of March, we extended more than $100 billion of new credit.

In Wholesale, clients drew more than $50 billion on their revolvers with us, and we approved over $25
billion of new credit extensions for clients most impacted. And for our small business clients, we're actively
supporting the SBA's Paycheck Protection Program. The numbers you see on the slide are as of April 12.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

And as of this morning, we have more than 300,000 in some stage of the application process representing
$37 billion in loans, and we funded $9.3 billion to businesses with over 700,000 employees.

And to help the most vulnerable and hardest hit communities, as an initial step, we've announced a $150
million loan program to get capital to underserved small businesses and nonprofits as well as a $50 million
philanthropic investment.

Now turning to Page 2 for highlights on our first quarter financial performance. For the quarter, the firm
reported net income of $2.9 billion, EPS of $0.78 and revenue of $29.1 billion with a return on tangible
common equity of 5%. While the underlying business fundamentals this quarter performed very well,
we reported a number of significant items all due to impacts from COVID-19, which I'll discuss in more
detail later. But at a high level, these items are a credit reserve build of $6.8 billion, approximately $950
million of losses in CIB largely due to the widening of funding spreads on derivatives and a $900 million
markdown on our bridge book.

It might be an obvious point, but the quarter was really A Tale of Two Cities, January and February and
then March when the crisis started to unfold. And with that, I thought it would be helpful to talk through
some key metrics that highlight this dynamic across our businesses.

So let's go to Page 3. Starting with Card sales volume on the top left. In March, we saw a rapid decline in
spend initially in travel and entertainment, which then spread to restaurants and retail as social distancing
protocols were implemented more broadly. While most spend categories were ultimately impacted, we
did see an initial boost to supermarkets, wholesale clubs and discount stores as people stocked up on
provisions, but even that is now starting to normalize. And we saw similar trends in merchant services
as highlighted in the significant decline in brick-and-mortar spend, excluding supermarkets, whereas e-
commerce spend has held up well by comparison.

In Investment Banking, in the middle of the page, there was a surge in debt issuance by investment-
grade clients as the market remains open and clients' desire to shore up liquidity was top of mind. It was
the largest quarter ever in terms of investment-grade debt issuance led by JPMorgan. And in Markets,
volatility drove elevated trading volumes across products, most notably across rates and commodities,
which, at their peak, were more than triple our average January trading volumes.

And on the far right, deposit growth accelerated meaningfully in March, most notably driven by wholesale
clients as they secured liquidity and held those higher cash balances with us. At the same time, we saw
accelerating loan growth primarily driven by revolver draws.

And finally, flows in AWM were meaningfully different in March compared to January and February. Long-
term flows through February were strong, positive across all asset classes, but this was more than offset
by outflows in March. On the flip side, we saw significant net liquidity inflows into our government funds
during March, which more than offset prime money market outflows.

On to Page 4 and some more detail about our first quarter results. Revenue of $29.1 billion was down
$782 million or 3% year-on-year as net interest income was flat to the prior year due to the impact of
lower rates offset by balance sheet growth and mix and higher CIB Markets NII. And noninterest revenue
was down 5% driven by the significant items I already mentioned, which were largely offset by higher CIB
Markets revenue.

Expenses of $16.9 billion were up 3% driven by higher volume and revenue-related expenses, continued
investments and higher legal expense, all of which were largely offset by structural expense efficiencies.
This quarter, credit costs were $8.3 billion, including a net reserve build of $6.8 billion, reflecting the
impacts of COVID-19 and net charge-offs of $1.5 billion, in line with prior expectations.

Now turning to Page 5. We'll have some more detail on the reserve builds. Our net reserve build of
$6.8 billion for the quarter consists of $4.4 billion in consumer, predominantly Card, and $2.4 billion
in Wholesale with builds primarily due to impacts of COVID-19 as well as lower oil prices. This reserve
increase assumes in the second quarter that U.S. GDP is down approximately 25% and the unemployment
rate rises above 10% followed by a solid recovery over the second half of the year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

In addition to these macro assumptions, specific to each business, our consumer reserve build reflects our
best estimate of the impact of payment relief that we are providing to our customers as well as the federal
government stimulus programs. And in Wholesale, the majority of the build is in sectors most directly
impacted by COVID-19 such as in consumer and retail and also in oil and gas. We expect other sectors to
be impacted to a lesser extent if we avoid a prolonged downturn. We have also assumed that the stress in
oil and gas continues with WTI remaining below $40 through the end of 2021.

After we closed the books for the quarter, our economists updated their outlook, which now reflects a
more significant deterioration in U.S. GDP and unemployment. If that scenario were to hold, we would be
building in the second quarter and builds could be meaningfully higher in aggregate over the next several
quarters relative to what we took in the first quarter. A primary unknown is the duration of the crisis,
which will directly impact losses across our portfolios.

But that being said, our consumer portfolio skews more prime than the industry average. And the
effectiveness of government support, customer relief and enhanced unemployment benefits, while
uncertain, undoubtedly will act as mitigants to the losses. And so even though our losses will be material,
we will be doing what we can to help our customers recover from this crisis and help our clients stay in
business.

Now moving to balance sheet and capital on Page 6. Our balance sheet, capital and liquidity going into this
crisis were incredibly strong and importantly, allowed us to facilitate client needs in a period of stress. And
that, combined with our earnings power, is an extraordinary base to absorb the inevitable losses to come.

For the quarter, we distributed $8.8 billion of capital to shareholders, which includes $6 billion in net share
repurchases up to March 15. Since then, we stopped our buybacks, which was both a prudent decision
at the time and consistent with what we always say, which is that we would prefer to use our capital to
serve our customers and clients. This capital distribution outweighed our earnings for the quarter and this,
coupled with significant RWA growth, resulted in a decline in our CET1 ratio to 11.5%.

On RWA, which you can see on the bottom right of the page, the key drivers of growth were market
volatility, which should subside over time and more importantly, an increase in lending at this critical time
for our clients. Going forward, in order to leverage our balance sheet to serve our clients, we are prepared
to use our internal buffers, which may mean our CET1 ratio falls below our target range. And if necessary,
we can also use regulatory buffers to go below our 10.5% minimum.

It's worth noting here that an environment like this is precisely why we have the buffers in the first place.
We currently also have capacity and intend to continue to pay the $0.90 dividend pending Board approval.
And as you can see in the CET1 walk on the bottom left, it is a small claim on our capital base.

And before we move on, just a moment on liquidity. Even with everything we facilitated, our liquidity
position remains strong. And looking forward, it's helpful to remember that we have significant liquidity
resources beyond HQLA, including the discount window, if need be.

And now turning to the businesses, starting with Consumer & Community Banking on Page 7. CCB
reported net income of $191 million, including reserve builds of $4.5 billion. January and February showed
a continuation of strength across the business. But again, March showed a major shift in trends. And
across our consumer segments, we saw a drastic deceleration in spend across all forms of payments and a
decline in origination volumes, except in the mortgage refi market.

And on the small business side, we saw significantly reduced inflows in merchant processing activity, early
signs of pressure on payment and delinquency rates as well as line utilization and increased demand for
credit.

Turning back to the results. Revenue of $13.2 billion was down 2% year-on-year. In Consumer & Business
Banking, revenue was down 9% driven by deposit margin compression, partially offset by strong deposit
growth of 8% that accelerated in the quarter. Deposit margin was down 56 basis points year-on-year, and
we expect it to decline further given the current rate environment. Home Lending revenue was down 14%
driven by lower net servicing revenue and lower NII partially offset by higher net production revenue.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

And in Card & Auto, revenue was up 8% driven by higher Card NII on loan growth and margin expansion.
Average Card loan growth was 8% with sales up 4% over the quarter driven by January and February
activity. Expenses of $7.2 billion were up 3% driven by revenue-related costs from higher volumes as well
as continued investments in the business, partially offset by structural expense efficiencies. And lastly, on
this slide, credit costs included the $4.5 billion reserve build I mentioned earlier and net charge-offs of
$1.3 billion driven by Card and consistent with prior expectations.

Now turning to the Corporate & Investment Bank on Page 8. CIB reported net income of $2 billion and
an ROE of 9% on revenue of $9.9 billion. Investment banking, in the first half of the quarter, showed
continued momentum from last year. But as the market environment shifted, we saw delays in M&A
announcements and completions, postponements of new equity issuance and increased draws on existing
lines of credit. At the same time, the investment-grade debt market remained open, and we helped our
investment-grade clients raise approximately $380 billion of debt in the quarter across a wide range of
sectors.

By contrast, the high-yield market was effectively closed, and high-yield spreads widened significantly. As
a result, our bridge book commitments were marked down by $820 million. And here, it's worth noting our
bridge book exposure is about 1/4 of what it was entering the 2008 crisis and is a higher-quality portfolio.

As a result of this backdrop, IB revenue of $886 million was down 49% year-on-year, largely driven by
the bridge book markdowns. IB fees were up 3% year-on-year, and we maintained our #1 rank with 9.1%
wallet share.

Advisory was down 22%, not only due to a tough compare, but also reflecting delays in regulatory
approvals, pushing out the closing of certain large deals. We did, however, complete more deals than any
other bank this quarter.

Equity underwriting was up 25% versus the challenged first quarter last year, and we saw strong activity
in January and February before the market effectively closed in March. And debt underwriting was up 15%
and an all-time record. We maintained our #1 rank with 9.5% share, up 90 basis points from 2019.

Lending revenue was up 36% year-on-year driven by the impact of spread widening on loan hedges.
Looking forward, while a rapid recovery in the economy could produce a corresponding rebound in activity,
we could also see significant downside risk to our forward-looking pipeline if the downturn is protracted.

Now moving to Markets. Here, total revenue was $7.2 billion, up 32% year-on-year. It's worth noting
that even before the crisis, as we said at Investor Day, Market's performance was strong for the quarter.
Then the growing COVID-19 concerns triggered a major correction in equity markets, significant widening
of spreads and a spike in volatility, leading to extraordinary government intervention and a substantial
change in monetary policy, followed by a sharp decline in treasury yields. Simultaneously, we also saw a
drop in oil prices. This unique combination of events led to further increased client participation and record
trading volumes in several products.

Fixed income was up 34% driven by strong client activity, most notably in rates and currencies and
emerging markets. Equity markets was up 28% on strength in equity derivatives driven by increased client
activity.

In terms of outlook, it goes without saying that it's too early to project this performance going forward. In
fact, low rates and low economic activity may even be a headwind. However, we are in a strong position
to continue playing a central role in ensuring the orderly functioning of markets and serving our clients'
needs.

And now on to Wholesale Payments, the new business unit we're reporting this quarter, comprised
of treasury services, trade finance and the Merchant Services business, which was previously part of
CCB. Wholesale Payments revenue of $1.4 billion was down 4% year-on-year driven by a reporting
reclassification in Merchant Services. As clients focused on preserving liquidity, we experienced higher
deposit levels in Wholesale Payments throughout the quarter, offsetting revenue headwinds from lower
rates and payments activity.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

In Security Services, revenue was $1.1 billion, up 6% year-on-year. Market volatility drove increased
transaction volumes and deposit balances, which offset the impact of the market correction on asset
balances. In Wholesale Payments and Security Services, tailwinds from this quarter, like elevated deposit
balances, may be relatively short-lived and more than offset by the impact of low rates and potentially
lower transaction volumes if the crisis is elongated.

Credit Adjustments & Other was a loss of $951 million, which was one of the significant items that I
mentioned upfront. Credit costs were $1.4 billion driven by the net reserve builds I referred to earlier.
And finally, expenses of $5.9 billion were up 5% driven by higher legal and volume-related expenses and
continued investments.

Now moving on to Commercial Banking on Page 9. Commercial Banking reported net income of $147
million, including reserve builds of approximately $900 million. Revenue of $2.2 billion was down 10%
year-on-year with lower deposit NII on lower rates and a $76 million markdown in the bridge book
partially offset by higher deposit balances.

Gross investment banking revenues were $686 million, down 16% year-on-year compared to a record
prior year. While we remain confident in our long-term target, we expect some softness in our pipeline
specifically related to M&A and equity underwriting.

Expenses of $988 million were up 5% year-on-year, consistent with the ongoing investments we discussed
at Investor Day. Deposits were up 39% year-on-year on a spot basis and increased about $40 billion
during the month of March with about half of that coming from clients drawing on their credit lines and
holding their cash with us as they look to secure liquidity.

End-of-period loans were up 14% year-on-year mainly driven by increases in C&I loans in March. C&I
loans were up 26% as revolver utilization increased to 44%, which is an all-time high. CRE loans were
up 3%, and here, the story remains largely unchanged. Higher originations in commercial term lending
driven by the low rate environment were partially offset by declines in real estate banking as we remain
selective. Credit cost of $1 billion included the reserve builds I mentioned and $100 million of net charge-
offs largely driven by oil and gas.

Now on to Asset & Wealth Management on Page 10. Asset & Wealth Management reported net income of
$664 million with pretax margin of 24% and ROE of 25%. Revenue of $3.6 billion was up 3% year-on-year
driven by higher management fees on higher average market levels and net inflows over the past year.
And then in addition, we saw record brokerage activity in March related to the recent market volatility.
These increases were largely offset by lower investment valuations.

Expenses of $2.7 billion were flat year-on-year with higher investments in the business as well as
increased volume and revenue-related expenses offset by lower structural expenses. Credit costs were
$94 million driven by reserve builds from the impact of COVID-19 as well as loan growth.

Net long-term outflows were $2 billion as the strength we saw in January and February was more than
offset in March. At the same time, we saw $75 billion of net liquidity inflows driven by significant inflows
into our industry-leading government funds in March, as I mentioned earlier.

AUM of $2.2 trillion and overall client assets of $3 trillion, up 7% and 4%, respectively, were driven
by cumulative net inflows partially offset by lower market levels. Deposits were up 9% year-on-year
on growth in interest-bearing products. And finally, loan balances were up 11% with strength in both
wholesale and mortgage lending.

Now on to Corporate on Page 11. Corporate reported a net loss of $125 million. Revenue was $166 million,
a decline of $259 million year-on-year primarily due to lower net interest income on lower rates partially
offset by higher net gains on investment securities. Expenses of $146 million were down $65 million year-
on-year.

And now let's turn to Page 12 for the outlook. At Investor Day, we showed you a path to 2020 where we
expected net interest income to be slightly down from 2019. And obviously, since then, the backdrop has
changed significantly.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

Based on the latest [ implies ] and what we know today, we expect to see further pressure from rates
partially offset by balance sheet growth and CIB Markets NII, which results in NII of about $55.5 billion for
the full year. And to give you an idea for the second quarter, we expect NII to be $13.7 billion.

On noninterest revenue, it's always difficult to provide meaningful guidance and even more so given
the current heightened level of uncertainty. But based on our best estimates today, we do expect to see
headwinds in 2020 compared to 2019.

In addition to the 2 significant items in the first quarter, these headwinds include a $3.5 billion decrease
in noninterest revenue, all else equal, which is also due to the impact of rates and is the offset to higher
CIB Markets NII and therefore, revenue neutral. We also expect to see pressure on AWM and investment
banking fees. And we now expect adjusted expenses for 2020 to be approximately $65 billion largely due
to lower volume and revenue-related expenses versus the outlook we provided at Investor Day. It goes
without saying all of this is market dependent, and we'll keep you updated at future earnings calls.

So to wrap up, the challenges we are all facing as the COVID-19 crisis continues to unfold around the
globe are unprecedented. Although we don't quite know what the path will look like going forward, what
we do know is that we will continue to be there for our employees, clients, customers and communities as
we always have been, and we have the talent, resources and operational resiliency to do so.

Our employees have proven that being resilient is not just about maintaining operations. It's also about
culture, and that feels stronger than ever with our teams around the world working harder than ever to
continue to serve our clients, customers and communities. We've never been more proud of our people
and we simply can't thank them enough.
And with that, operator, please open the line for Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Erika Najarian of Bank of America.

Erika Najarian
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Jamie, we're glad that you could join us and that you're well enough to join us. My first question is on
the forbearance activity. Jen, if you could give us a sense of by product, how many of your clients, for
example, in Card & Auto, Home Lending, are in a forbearance state, so they started to defer the payment
to the percentage of your clients. And how we should think about the significant government intervention
relative to the severely adverse scenarios? I believe for total losses, it's 5.9% over 9 quarters for the Fed
and 4.1% for company-run.

Jennifer A. Piepszak
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So first of all, I'll start with the payment relief and forbearance there. I would start by saying that
we have already refunded millions of dollars in fees. We've approved payment relief for hundreds of
thousands of accounts across consumer lending. And we obviously expect that to be meaningfully higher
through time. We paused foreclosures and auto repossessions. And importantly, we've made the process
easier for our customers through digital and self-service options that we built in record time.

But in terms of what we're seeing, those are the numbers. They're still, as I said, relatively small
compared to what we think we'll ultimately see.

In mortgage, just to give you context outside of customers asking for forbearance, which is just a little
over 4% of our service book at this time, the April 1 payments seems BAU. In Card, we're seeing payment
rates down a bit but still strong, and we've seen a slight uptick in late payments in Auto. But the quality
of these portfolios was strong coming in as we've done surgical risk management over the last few years,
and that has made these portfolios more resilient.

And then in terms of how we think about a significant government intervention, I mean, I think the
ultimate effectiveness of these programs, which are extraordinary in terms of the direct payments or the
enhanced unemployment insurance, the ultimate effectiveness is, I think, the biggest unknown. The key,
obviously, is being able to bridge people back to employment.

And so we have assumed, as we could for our first quarter results, the impact of those programs as well
as the ultimate impact on payment relief that we'll be providing to our customers. But that is for sure an
unknown, and we certainly expect to learn a lot more about that in the second quarter.

Erika Najarian
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

My second question, you mentioned that you're prepared to go below 10.5% CET1 to help your clients.
Below -- going below 10.5% is also when the automatic restrictions start kicking in from the Fed in terms
of payout. So if I understand it, it would be a 60% payout restriction on eligible net income. And just
wanted to understand your thoughts on balancing servicing your clients and also thinking about your
capital levels relative to those automatic restrictions from the regulators.

Jennifer A. Piepszak
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So as you probably know, Erika, the Fed made some changes there recently, which, as you say,
puts us in a 60% bucket as we go below 10.5%. And we have a reasonable amount of room below 10.5%
to remain in the 60% bucket. I would say that, that was very helpful clarification from the regulators in
terms of how we should think about using regulatory buffers. So that was particularly helpful. And right
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

now, we are focused on serving clients and customers, and we've looked at a range of scenarios, so we
can ensure that we're managing our capital quite carefully.

Jamie talked about an extreme adverse scenario in his Chairman's Letter that we've looked at, assuming
large parts of the economy remain in lockdown through the end of this year. And in that scenario, our
CET1 drops to about 9.5%. And so we think we have significant room to continue to serve our customers
and clients through this crisis. But we are managing it quite [ craftily ] and looking at a range of scenarios,
so we make sure that we're prepared.

Operator

Our next question is from Mike Mayo of Wells Fargo.

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Welcome back, Jamie. Questions for you. How do you thread the needle between supporting your
customers and the country and doing all those things that you want to do while still protecting the
resiliency of the balance sheet and not getting hit with unexpected litigation costs, as you mentioned, in
your CEO letter?

James Dimon
Chairman & CEO

Yes. No, it's a very important question. And I think in times of need, banks have always been the lender
of last resort to their customers. And obviously, you've got to be a disciplined capital provider because
undisciplined loans are bad, so you take a calculated risk.

We're making additional loans. We're adults. We know that if the economy gets worse, we'll bear
additional loss. But we do forecast all of that. So we are -- we know we can handle really, really adverse
consequences. There will be a point, and the last question brought it up, was where if you get below
10% CET1, even though we'll have almost $200 billion of capital and $1 trillion liquidity, all these other
constraints start to kick in like SLR, G-SIFI, advanced risk-weighted assets that may kind of constrain it.
And so -- and then obviously, then you got to look forward.

So we want to do our job. If we can help the country get through this, everybody's better off. If we move
a little bit more money in the meantime, so be it. But obviously, we're going to protect our company, our
balance sheet and our growth. And we'll be having close conversation with regulators about what that is.

I also think you have to take in consideration the extraordinary measures the government has taken,
that's the income to individual, the PPP and all these Federal Reserve things.

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

So also in your CEO letter, you talk about the economy coming back online. And I guess with your reserve
build, you're assuming, what, 10% unemployment and then the economy improves in the second half of
the year? So what is your base case for how people come back to work that is behind those distinctions?
And I know you have a lot of scenarios, too, but just a base case.

James Dimon
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I'll let Jen talk about the base case. But I think the back to work, we shouldn't think it was a binary
thing that after the CDC and we all get instructions from the government, after there's enough capacity
in the hospitals, after there's proper amount of testing, I -- remember, a lot of people are going to work
today in farms, factories, food production, retail, pharmacies, hospitals, so it isn't like no one's going to
work.

And you can -- hopefully, you can turn it back on where it's very safe. There's plenty of capacity. You're
not worried that you can't give every American who does get sick the best possible medical advice. And

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

the turn on will be regional, by company, all following standards of best health practices. And in some
ways, you need to get that done because the bad economy has very adverse consequences way beyond
just the economy, and in terms of mental health, domestic abuse, substance abuse, et cetera.

So a rational plan to get back to work is a good thing to do. And hopefully, it'll be sooner rather than later,
but it won't be May. You're talking about June, July, August, something like that. So I don't know if that
answers your whole question. And then Jen, could you give the base case on...

Jennifer A. Piepszak
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So Mike, as we close the books for the first quarter, just to give it context, we were looking at an
economic outlook that had GDP down 25% in the second quarter and unemployment above 10%. It's just
important to note that, that kind of gives you a frame of how to think about it, but there's a lot more that
goes into our reserving, including management judgment of some like world-class risk management and
finance people and also other analytics. And so that just kind of gives you a frame of reference.

But there, we did think about a number of other scenarios that we should contemplate in reserving.
And we also thought about the impact, what's our best estimate of the impact of these extraordinary
government programs as well as our own payment relief programs.

Since then, as I noted in my prepared remarks, our economists have updated their outlook and now have
GDP down 40% in the second quarter and unemployment at 20%. That's obviously materially different.
Both scenarios, though, do include a recovery in the back half of the year.

And so all else equal, and of course, the one thing -- probably the only thing we know for sure, Mike, is
that all else won't be equal when we close the books for the second quarter. But all else equal, given the
deteriorated macroeconomic outlook, we would expect to build reserves in the second quarter. But again,
a lot will depend on the ultimate effect of these extraordinary programs and how effective they can be in
bridging people back to employment.

And we're going to still have a number of unknowns, I would say, at the end of the second quarter. But
we're going to learn a lot through these next few months that will inform our judgments for second
quarter reserves.

Operator

Our next question is from Steven Chubak of Wolfe Research.

Steven Joseph Chubak
Wolfe Research, LLC

And Jamie, nice to have you back. So I wanted to ask a question on some of the remarks relating to
capital. [ Coral's ] actually made some comments on Friday, alluding to efforts by the Fed to incorporate
real-life COVID stress in the upcoming CCAR cycle. We haven't gotten much color since then. I'm
wondering whether you've received any guidance from the Fed on which changes, if any, they plan on
contemplating for this year's test. And maybe just bigger picture, how you're thinking about the potential
impact that could have on the SCB and potentially raise some of your capital requirements?

Jennifer A. Piepszak
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Thanks, Steven. So we haven't gotten specific guidance, but it certainly makes sense that the Fed
would want a look -- want to look at a scenario like that. We have been, as you might imagine, staying
very close to our regulators through this crisis, so they can have a very good understanding of how we are
managing things.

And then in terms of the potential impact, we'll learn more about that in June. We've given our best
estimate of SCB and the impact it will have on our minimums. And that is absolutely incorporated into our

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

thinking about how we'll manage capital through a range of scenarios here. But we'll learn more from the
Fed in June.

Steven Joseph Chubak
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. Just one follow up...

James Dimon
Chairman & CEO

I'd just add. I always have -- I've always followed the floor, doing 1 stress test, which will not be the
stress you go through. JPMorgan does 100 a week. And we're always looking at potential outcomes. And
obviously, we're doing our own COVID-related type of stress tests, including extreme, and we'll always be
updating them, talking to regulators about it because that's what we have to deal with this time, not what
I would consider a traditional stress test.

Steven Joseph Chubak
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. Just one...

Jennifer A. Piepszak
Executive VP & CFO

We have looked at -- the range of outcomes probably have never been broader. And so as Jamie said,
we have -- CCAR has been a good place for us to start in terms of one scenario, but we have looked at a
number of different scenarios as how this may play out. And obviously, Jamie articulated what we think
could be an extreme adverse, and we're prepared for that, too. So I think the most important thing is that
we're prepared for a range of outcomes, and we'll learn more about SCB in June.

Steven Joseph Chubak
Wolfe Research, LLC

Got it. And just a follow-up on the securities book. Just given some of the significant declines at the long
end of the curve, again, I was hoping you could help us think about where reinvestment levels are today
just compared with the 2.48% yield on the blended securities book? And then just separately, given
the large impact of QE-driven deposit growth, how you're deploying some of that excess liquidity in this
environment?

Jennifer A. Piepszak
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So on the investment securities portfolio, managing the balance sheet in this rate environment is
obviously a different dynamic. And with lower rates as well as the deposit growth that you meant, with
the Fed balance sheet expansion, you do see a large increase in our investment securities portfolio this
quarter, which makes a lot of sense. Right now, in terms of balance sheet management, we are completely
focused on supporting client activity. Our balance sheet is harder to predict right now, but we are prepared
for a range of outcomes.

Operator

Our next question comes from Saul Martinez of UBS.

Saul Martinez
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I wanted to follow-up on the CECL-related question. Jen, you gave us a clear, good amount of color on
what the underlying economic assumptions that were used to build the reserves and where Bruce Kasman
and your economics team is now for the second quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

But maybe thinking about it a little bit differently in terms of how to attribute the CECL reserve build. I'm
not looking for specific numbers, more just directional. How do we think about it in terms of how much is
attributed to sort of mechanistic model-related changes where you calibrate your model for new economic
scenario versus actual signs of stress that you're seeing your book that maybe aren't showing up in credit
measures, but that you do think will show up in a reasonably short time period, call it, within the next few
quarters? How much of it's growth, how much of it's mix? Just if you can talk to that. And I guess what
I'm trying to get at is how much of it's more mechanistic and how much of it's actual tangible signs that
you're seeing that financial stress in your borrower base that could emerge in a reasonably near future as
credit losses.

Jennifer A. Piepszak
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So it's a great question, Saul. So I would start by saying that we haven't actually seen the stress
emerge as of yet. So I wouldn't necessarily use the term mechanistic, but I would say that what we took
in the first quarter is our best estimate of future losses.

It's also important to note that we don't reserve for future growth, and so future growth, with all else
being equal, be a reserve build. So I wouldn't necessarily think of this as materially different because
of CECL. We didn't actually really think about the impact of CECL relative to the incurred model. I mean
the regulators have given their point of view on that given the change in the capital rules where 25% is
assumed to be the difference. But that's their view. And like I said, we did spend a lot of time thinking
about it. And I would say that it is our best estimate of the losses that will inevitably emerge through this
crisis. And it is life of loan, which, of course, is different under CECL. And so again, all else equal, you can
think Card was larger than it would have been under an incurred model, but we didn't really think about it
that way. And it's impossible, of course, to know what judgment we would have applied under a different
model.

Saul Martinez
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Okay. No, that's helpful. And Jen, just on that point of growth, pivoting a little bit. What -- obviously, a lot
of the pressure in CET1 was because of risk-weighted asset growth and drawdowns on commitments. Kind
of where are we in terms -- where do you think we are in terms of those drawdowns? I think it's like $350
billion still in Wholesale commitment -- unfunded commitments. But like how do we think about that? And
how much room there is for that to continue to make pressure risk-weighted asset evolution?

Jennifer A. Piepszak
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So like so many other things, it is difficult to predict. I will say that early here in the second quarter,
we have seen a pause on revolver draws. But it could very well just be a pause. And so we're assuming,
as we think about our own capital plans, that we will see revolver draws continue in the second quarter,
albeit at lower levels than the first quarter. And then, of course, the timing and the pace of the paydowns
will depend upon the ultimate path of the virus and the economic recovery.

Operator

Our next question is from Glenn Schorr of Evercore ISI.

Glenn Paul Schorr
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I appreciate the limited sight we all have. Maybe we could -- let's assume, hopefully sooner than later, we
get past the bulk of the credit impact. On the other side of this, have you thought about lending spreads,
underwriting criteria, and how much terms we need to tighten given what we've learned on a scenario that
we didn't capture under its previous underwriting? In other words, does lending spreads widen? And do
you get paid more for your balance sheet? I'm just curious on how you're thinking about risk management
on a go-forward basis.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

Jennifer A. Piepszak
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So there, I would say that our approach -- we always take a long-term franchise view on things like
that. And so our philosophy has not changed. It is true, however, that the marginal cost of new activity is
higher for us right now. And so that's a consideration. But I would say in terms of risk management, we do
what we've always done and what we always do, which is manage carefully within our risk appetite. And
I think that has served us well coming into this crisis, and we'll continue to stay close to our clients and
manage that carefully.

James Dimon
Chairman & CEO

Can I just add? On the consumer side, [ we have a ] forward-looking view of risk. On the Wholesale side,
the revolvers that are taken down, which are like $50 billion, are existing spreads. The bilateral stuff is
being done by new credits. They're being done at slightly different spreads and stuff like that, higher.

And then trading, obviously, you're actually getting higher spreads, and a lot of things you do, you train
your finance people and do things and stuff like that. And then you will see a tightening of credit in the
market. Think of leverage lending, certain underwriting, certain nonbank lenders who are no longer there.
So you will see an eventual tightening and eventual increase in spreads. What you won't see banks do is
price gouge, which you've seen in other industries. Banks are very careful to support their clients through
times like this.

Glenn Paul Schorr
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Okay. And then one more impossible question, Jen, maybe. Could you help qualify? I know you can't
quantify, but exit rate revenues that you've kind of alluded to and some of the things like underwriting
falling off, so tale of 2 quarters. The quarter itself, if it weren't for the ginormous credit issue that we're
facing, it would have been like, "Eh, revenue is down a little bit, expenses up a drop." Okay. But how much
of the exit rate revenues are we looking at second quarter, third quarter versus the full first quarter? And
that's a hard one.

Jennifer A. Piepszak
Executive VP & CFO

So Glenn, I'm glad you acknowledge that it's an impossible question and a hard one. And so there's
the reason why we gave directional guidance here in terms of what could be headwinds, but it is just
impossible to predict right now as you point out. So -- but I will say like, if you think there's obviously
nothing that we can really say with confidence about exit rates in 2021, but I will say, based upon the
latest implies, if you look at NII, you could see growth in 2021 on balance sheet growth there. And then
NIR is absolutely going to depend on the path of the virus and the economic recovery and when and how
we all get back to work. And then we've given you expense guidance to think about. And then from a
credit perspective, as I said, we could see continued build over the next several quarters. But the way
CECL works, in theory, again all else equal, is that, that should be -- could be behind us by the end of the
year, and we then have those reserves to absorb the losses that will inevitably emerge over the back half
of this year and into 2021.

Operator

Our next question is from Gerard Cassidy of RBC.

Gerard S. Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Can you show us -- I know you gave us the color on the base case downturn in the second quarter. What's
your outlook upon the recovery in the second half of the year? Can you give us any color on what kind of
recovery you're expecting in the second half of the year as part of the CECL reserve building?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

Jennifer A. Piepszak
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So it is -- I don't have the numbers to hand, Gerard, but they're public. It was -- I suppose you can
say it was based on our economists' outlook at the end of March, which did have a recovery. I just don't
have the GDP numbers to hand. I think -- and the unemployment.

I think what's most important to note, Gerard, is that what -- based upon what we're looking at, you
do have a recovery in the back half of the year. But it still leaves you, from a GDP perspective and
unemployment, below your launch point on absolute levels of GDP and above your launch point on
absolute levels of unemployment. So it's a recovery. It is our latest outlook. And as I said earlier, it is
probably the only thing we know for sure is that, that is going to change through time. But it is a recovery
in the back half of the year that doesn't get us back to where we started. And importantly, as we've said,
that we're prepared for a range of scenarios. So while that may be the case that we based our reserve
levels off, it is not the only scenario that we are preparing for.

Gerard S. Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Very good. And then just as a follow-up. On the bridge book, and I apologize if you addressed this and I
missed it, I know you guys mentioned the losses in the bridge book. Could you share with us the size of
the book, and then some more color on what triggered the losses in the bridge book?

Jennifer A. Piepszak
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So there, I would just start by -- I said it in the prepared remarks, but it's worth repeating. Our
bridge book is about 1/4 of the size it was in the financial crisis. So it's about $13 billion. It's slightly down
from where we were at year-end. Importantly, we don't have any imminent closing deadlines, and the
market is actually performing a little bit better here in the second quarter. So we'll see where we land at
the end of the quarter, but so far...

James Dimon
Chairman & CEO

Just basically marking the positions to market effectively.

Jennifer A. Piepszak
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And the good news is with no...

James Dimon
Chairman & CEO

That's fees.

Jennifer A. Piepszak
Executive VP & CFO

Right. And with no imminent closing deadlines, it's not necessarily the case that we'll realize those losses.
But as Jamie said, they're mark-to-market at the end of the quarter.

James Dimon
Chairman & CEO

And I would just also put this in perspective. We're adults. We know that when you have a bridge loan
book that you're going to have quarters where things get bad where you might lose some money. We're
the leader in leverage lending. We're the leader in high yield. We're the leader in loans, et cetera. And
we intend to maintain that position. And every now and then you have not a particularly good quarter. So

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

we're not -- we don't worry about this very much. And like Jen said, so far, if you look at spreads, there's
probably a recovery this quarter.

Operator

Our next question is from John McDonald of Autonomous Research.

John Eamon McDonald
Autonomous Research LLP

Jen, regarding credit cards, just based on payment rates that you've seen so far and maybe the draws on
revolves, how are you expecting card spending and card balances to trend over the next few quarters this
year?

Jennifer A. Piepszak
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So based upon what we're looking at right now, spend was down. We talked about different
categories, but spend in aggregate was down 13% in the month of March year-over-year, and we're seeing
trends like that continue here in April. And so with that, I would say that we would, given what we know
today, expect outstandings to trend down from here.

John Eamon McDonald
Autonomous Research LLP

And then can you help us think about how you do the accounting for the consumer deferrals? You keep
accruing, but do you add some kind of haircut for NII suppression in terms of what may not be collectible,
even though technically, you're allowed to accrue while you defer?

Jennifer A. Piepszak
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. You got it, John. That's -- so we do continue to accrue, but it is a lower yield over the life of the loan.

Operator

Our next question is from Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I just want -- I have 2 questions. One, just thinking about the outlook for the next couple of quarters
here. I know you mentioned that your economics team had updated their estimates. And maybe you
could give us a sense as to the timing of when you clip your reserves versus those estimate changes. And
part of the reason I'm asking is because of the reserve ratio move between 4Q '19 and 1Q '20 for the
various segments. When I look at the CIB and the commercial bank, the reserve ratios are down where
they were in 4Q '19. So I'm trying to understand how the next change in the reserving is likely to traject
between the various asset classes. Is there -- as you move from an adverse case to a severely adverse
case, are there different asset classes that potentially have a higher uptick in reserve ratio that we should
be expecting here?

Jennifer A. Piepszak
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So on the Wholesale side, specifically, Betsy, the reason you see that dynamic is because of CECL.
So -- and it's in the presentation, so you can see the numbers. So we -- the CECL adoption impact in
Wholesale was a net release, and so we've now built that. And so that's why you see that dynamic there.

And then in terms of the reserving, when we close the books, which was here in early April, we do have
to, of course, kind of snap the chalk line at some point and close the books, which is why we wanted
to be very transparent about how we think about reserving going forward. Because like I said, all else
equal, given the macroeconomic outlook that we're looking at, that we would expect to have a build in
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

the second quarter and perhaps beyond because, as I said, obviously, everything is incredibly fluid. And
we need to -- we really need to learn a lot about the ultimate impact of these programs because they are
extraordinary and should have an extraordinary impact, but we need some time to learn.

James Dimon
Chairman & CEO

And also just to add on the Wholesale side. We kind of, at one point, have an overlay about what we
expect in terms of migration downward and downgrades and stuff like that. It'll also be name by name,
company by company, name by name, reserve by reserve, so a real detailed review of that.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So as we think through -- because effectively, I think what we're saying is there's the possibility of
the severely adverse case coming, which we can look back at prior Fed stress tests to see what you
anticipated that to mean for the credit losses. And maybe, Jamie, if you get an understanding as to how
you're thinking about what your economists are looking for versus prior severely adverse stress cases that
you have run on your own bank, is this -- is it fair to look at the severely adverse stress cases on a bank
run modeling basis that we have access to, and it's in line with that kind of level? Or is this something
that's even a little bit tougher?

And specifically around like things like commercial real estate, I get the name by name on the corporate
side that, that is obviously extraordinarily granular and you have access to that. But I'm wondering on the
commercial real estate side, is there anything we should be thinking about that's different from perhaps
what a Fed stress test might have suggested in the past?

James Dimon
Chairman & CEO

I say in commercial real estate, eventually, it will be loan by loan and name by name, too. So if you have
reason to believe that a loan is bad, you're going to write it down and put a reserve against or something
like that.

This is such a dramatic change of events. So there are no models that have done -- dealt with GDP down
40%, unemployment growing this rapidly. And that's one part. There are also no models that have ever
dealt with a government, which is doing a PPP program, which might be $350 billion, it might be $550
billion, unemployment where it looks like 30% or 40% of people going unemployment but higher income
than before they went on unemployment. So what does that mean for credit cards or something like that
where the government is just going to make direct payments to people? So this is all in the works right
now. The company is in very good shape. We can serve our clients, and we're going to give you more
detail on this, but it's happening as we speak.

And I think people -- you're making too much mistake trying to model it. When we get to the end of the
second quarter, we'll know exactly what happened in the second quarter like we know -- you've got to
expect the credit card delinquencies and charges will go up that we've seen very little bit so far, but by
the end of the second quarter, you'll see more of it. And then we'll also know if there's a fourth round of
government stimulus. We'll know a whole bunch of stuff, and we'll report that out. We hope for the best,
which is you have that recovery, and plan for the worst, so you can handle it.

Jennifer A. Piepszak
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And then in terms of planning for the worst, Betsy, maybe it would be helpful. The extreme adverse
scenario that Jamie referenced in his Chairman's Letter had 2020 credit cost of more than $45 billion. So
clearly, that is not our essential case, but that's the kind of scenario that we are making sure that we're
prepared for.

And then just coincidentally, if you look at our credit costs from the fourth quarter of '08 to the fourth
quarter of '09, across those 5 quarters, we had credit cost of $47 billion. So...
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

James Dimon
Chairman & CEO

I got this number when the reserves went from like $7 billion to $35 billion back to $14 billion. Reserving
itself is procyclical and often wrong. And you're required to do it, but it certainly doesn't match revenues
and expenses. And so we like to be conservative in reserving, but I have to point out the flaws of it.

Operator

Our next question is from Brian Kleinhanzl of KBW.

Brian Matthew Kleinhanzl
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Yes. Just a quick question. Again, one on CECL, maybe to start with. Can you just maybe give a little bit
more qualitative disclosure on how this payment relief factors in? I mean are you assuming some amount
of government programs get used and that's included? Or is this just payment relief that you're directly
giving to consumers and corporates? Just trying to get a sense of how all these government programs are
going to flow through the model.

Jennifer A. Piepszak
Executive VP & CFO

Sure, Brian. So you can think about government stimulus as being incorporated in the macroeconomic
variables. And then the payment relief, those are -- I'm referring to our own programs there. And there,
we -- based upon our judgment and experience in the past, we apply some percentage of pull-through in
the portfolio of people who will get payment relief. And then we think about the impact that, that could
have. Again, I would say both, while estimated for the first quarter, we'll know a whole lot more about
both of them for the second quarter.

James Dimon
Chairman & CEO

Jen, remind me, when we do the 10-Q for the quarter, we're going to lay out lots of these various
assumptions about CECL. And one of the problems with CECL is this precisely. We're going to spend all day
on CECL, which was $4 billion, and it's kind of a drop in the bucket, but it's a lot of data. It's like all the
data we did after the last crisis we give you on Level 3 and all these assumptions and stuff like that, no
one ever looks at anymore.

Jennifer A. Piepszak
Executive VP & CFO

That's right. And we...

James Dimon
Chairman & CEO

And every company does it differently.

Jennifer A. Piepszak
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And we still have, obviously, several weeks -- and so -- before the Q. And so we'll be able to give our
best view on things then.

Brian Matthew Kleinhanzl
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Okay. And then in the quarter, is there -- I mean you gave what the marks were on the bridge loans. But
is there a way to frame what the total marks were? I mean I'm assuming credit spreads tightened kind of
dramatically post quarter end. So it seems like there would be a reversal of some of those marks initially.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

Jennifer A. Piepszak
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, there could be. But that's only where we are at this point in the quarter. And so it'll obviously all
depend on the market from now to the end of the quarter. But right now, the market is performing a bit
better, and spreads have come in as you mentioned.

James Dimon
Chairman & CEO

A couple of the deals may be syndicated by -- hopefully, might be syndicated by end of the second or third
quarter.

Operator

Our next question is from Chris Kotowski of Oppenheimer.

Christoph M. Kotowski
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

At Investor Day, James said that the real earnings are -- pre-provision earnings minus net charge offs,
kind of always the way I looked at the world. And so if you put aside all the CECL noise, I'm curious, does
the customer relief change...

James Dimon
Chairman & CEO

I don't know about you guys, but I can't -- we can't understand a word you're saying.

Jennifer A. Piepszak
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Chris, this is unfortunately part of our new reality as we all work remotely. We couldn't hear you.

Christoph M. Kotowski
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Sorry. Is this better?

Jennifer A. Piepszak
Executive VP & CFO

Yes.

Christoph M. Kotowski
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Okay. So my apologies. At Investor Day, Jamie said something like that the real economic earnings are
pre-provision earnings minus net charge-offs, which I agree with. And so if you push aside all the CECL
reserving noise, I'm curious, does the customer relief -- the 90-day grace period, does that change the --
alter the historic charge-off assumptions? Like, for example, I mean, credit card was always pretty cookie
cutter, 180 days after a delinquency, it's charged off and maybe with auto. Or -- so will those customer
relief periods push back the charge-off curve as well?

Jennifer A. Piepszak
Executive VP & CFO

It may because as long as the customer is performing under the forbearance program, they are not
delinquent. But of course, it will all depend on whether these programs ultimately are able to bridge
people back to employment.

Christoph M. Kotowski
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

Okay. So -- but if...

James Dimon
Chairman & CEO

We'll know a lot more in 90 days. We'll clearly know a lot more in 90 days about how this affected what we
would have expected.

Jennifer A. Piepszak
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And we'll be -- and to Jamie's point, what we may learn over the next 90 days is, of course, whether
programs have been effective or whether they've just delayed losses. And of course, with CECL being life
of loan, if it's just delayed losses, you can expect that, that would -- we would be reserving for that.

Christoph M. Kotowski
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Okay. But in terms of charge-offs, while normally we might have charged the credit card going off after
180 days, it's now likely 270. Am I getting that right?

Jennifer A. Piepszak
Executive VP & CFO

It may be. But again, it's going to just completely depend on whether people are able to remain
performing under a payment relief for a forbearance program. But we don't really think about it that way.
We think about what the ultimate losses will be, and we reserve for that.

And then importantly, in the first quarter, the charge-offs you're seeing, which is why I was clear to say it
was consistent with prior expectations because the charge-offs in the first quarter, of course, don't at all
reflect the ultimate impact of COVID-19. They were just normal BAU, I would say.

Operator

Our next question is from Andrew Lim of SocGen.

Andrew Lim
Societe Generale Cross Asset Research

So firstly, on government guaranteed loans, these are 0% risk weighted. And I'm wondering to what
extent you're using them to refinance existing loans on your portfolios? And if you are, to what extent
risk-weighted assets have gone through as you do this?

Jennifer A. Piepszak
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So I'm not sure specifically what program you're referring to. I would just say broadly speaking, on
the Fed facilities, they're obviously very large programs rolled out very quickly and just an extraordinary
response to unprecedented market conditions. Here, we are happy to leverage the facilities to
intermediate these programs for our clients, but we are only using them where it makes sense to ensure
that credit and liquidity is flowing to where it's needed.

Andrew Lim
Societe Generale Cross Asset Research

So I mean -- just to maybe elaborate on that, is there may be some part which -- where there's a bit of
a capital uplift if you use government-guaranteed loans at 0% risk weighting, where previously a capital
uplift? So your risk-weighted assets go down, say, for some loans that are now government guaranteed.

James Dimon
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

We'll incorporate all of that into how we run the company, trying to serve the client, et cetera. And there
are few things here, like the PPP, if you put it in your balance sheet as 0 RWA, but it does affect a lot of
other things like SLR and G-SIFI and stuff like that. Whereas if you sell it to the government, those -- it
all goes away. And look, we'll manage through that as we learn with these -- how these programs are
working and what we want to do.

Operator

And we have no further questions at this time.

Jennifer A. Piepszak
Executive VP & CFO

Okay. Thanks, everyone.

James Dimon
Chairman & CEO

Thank you for spending time with us.

Operator
Thank you for participating in today's call. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

