The Coca-Cola Company NYSE:KO
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, October 27, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.58

0.65

Revenue  (mm)

9722.11

10044.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-27-2021 1:22 PM GMT

12.07

3.31

0.44

2.28

2.42

8979.99

38063.18

39967.05

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.42

0.50

0.56

0.58

0.47

0.55

0.68

0.65

11.90 %

10.00 %

21.43 %

12.07 %

COPYRIGHT © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

John Murphy
Executive VP & CFO

Timothy K. Leveridge
VP & Investor Relations Officer

ANALYSTS

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Bonnie Lee Herzog
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division

Carlos Alberto Laboy
HSBC, Research Division

Christopher Michael Carey
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Kaumil S. Gajrawala
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Robert Edward Ottenstein
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Sean King;UBS;Analyst

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Sunil Harshad Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Presentation

Operator

At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to The Coca-Cola Company's third quarter earnings results
conference call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time.
[Operator Instructions]

I would like to remind everyone that the purpose of this conference is to talk with investors, and therefore,
questions from the media will not be addressed. Media participants should contact Coca-Cola media
relations department if they have any questions.

I would now like to introduce Mr. Tim Leveridge, Vice President of IR and FP&A. Mr. Leveridge, you may
begin.

Timothy K. Leveridge
VP & Investor Relations Officer

Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. I'm here with James Quincey, our Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer; and John Murphy, our Chief Financial Officer.

Before we begin, please note we've posted schedules under the Financial Information tab in the Investors
section of our company website at www.coca-colacompany.com. These schedules reconcile certain non-
GAAP financial measures, which may be referred to by our senior executives during this morning's
discussion, to our results as reported under generally accepted accounting principles. You can also find
schedules in the same section of our website that provide an analysis of our gross and operating margins.

In addition, this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, including statements concerning
long-term earnings objectives, and should be considered in conjunction with cautionary statements
contained in our earnings release and in the company's most recent periodic SEC report. Following
prepared remarks this morning, we will turn the call over for question. [Operator Instructions]

Now I will turn the call over to James.

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. After a strong first half of the year, we saw continued
momentum in our business in the third quarter. While the global recovery remains asynchronous, our
people and our systems are leveraging the learnings to deliver good results and emerge stronger. And
while markets are at different stages of reopening around the world, our local businesses have been
increasingly resilient through restrictions and lockdowns.

As a result, our underlying volumes have accelerated on a 2-year basis with quarterly growth versus 2019
for the first time since the pandemic began. This improvement has been supported by our transformation
agenda, which set us on our path to more efficient and effective marketing as well as more disciplined
and intelligent innovation. We're investing accordingly behind our portfolio of loved brands and are seeing
signs of early traction.

Given strong results year-to-date and increased visibility into the rest of the year, we expect to deliver
organic revenue at the high end of our previously provided range and are raising bottom line and cash
flow guidance for the full year.

This morning, I'll provide a business update and discuss how our networked organization is executing well
in this dynamic environment. Then John will discuss our financials and raised guidance and some early
considerations for 2022.

In the first half of 2021, mobility and business levels improved in many markets as lockdowns eased and
vaccinations increased. The recovery has not been a straight line and continues to be uneven around the

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

world. But despite the asynchronous recovery, in the third quarter, our volumes surpassed 2019 levels for
the first time since the pandemic began.

Although not yet back to 2019 levels as a percent of our business, we saw sequential improvement in
away-from-home volumes on a 2-year basis as consumers returned to many of their former routines.
At-home volumes also showed ongoing strength even as away-from-home channels improved. The
quarter was off to a promising start in July, but the Delta variant impacted several markets, resulting in a
softer August, followed by improvement in September as the variant began to lessen in some of our key
markets.

But the pandemic continues to be a key factor across our operating environment, in addition to the
ongoing pressure points in our supply chain. However, our networked system is leveraging the learnings
from the past 18 months, sharing best practices and skillfully executing by applying revenue growth
management and working our supply chain levers to capitalize on the strength of our brands and mitigate
disruptions.

The industry is growing, and we continue to gain share. Our overall value share improved year-on-year
and remains above 2019 levels. We are pleased to report gains across categories as well as both within at-
home and away-from-home channels.

Our operating units are combining the power of scale with the deep knowledge required to win locally
in an environment that remains dynamic. So diving a little into the key drivers across our geographies,
starting with Asia Pacific.

In China, media investments across categories are yielding promising signs. Results in the quarter
reflect strict COVID lockdowns and some weather-related disruption in August while September marked
sequential improvements.

Japan's state of emergency was lifted at the end of the quarter after consumers spent the majority of
2021 in lockdown. Strengthened execution across our teams and innovation has helped lessen impacts,
and our consumer base has grown beyond 2019 levels.

In India, we participated strongly in the recovery by focusing on affordability and omnichannel growth
through eB2B. We grew both trademark Coke and local icon, Thums Up, using effective marketing
activations. We had share gains in ASEAN and the South Pacific operating units despite pandemic-related
restrictions in all of its top markets. Our investments behind sparkling flavors and Coca-Cola Zero Sugar
will continue to create value when lockdowns are lifted.

In EMEA, in Europe, we gained value share across nearly all categories as restrictions eased. While
weather, a slower recovery in tourism and the Delta surge had an impact, our global campaigns for key
brands, including Coca-Cola Zero Sugar, Sprite and Fanta helped drive sparkling's share.

As vaccinations accelerated in Eurasia and the Middle East, we maintained momentum through effective
revenue growth management initiatives, resulting in top line that expanded faster than the macro
environment in those top markets.

Our results in Africa were balanced across regions and categories during this quarter despite a third wave
of the pandemic that resulted in targeted lockdowns. Vaccination rates remain on the low side relative to
the rest of the world, and our focus remains on affordability and single-serve packs as mobility increases
in countries like Egypt and Nigeria.

We maintained strong momentum in North America despite the COVID resurgence in many states, leading
to stalling consumer sentiment and supply chain challenges that resulted in both missed opportunities
and incremental costs. The at-home channel remains healthy. And although away-from-home growth
accelerated early in the quarter, labor shortages have constrained capacity with some on-premise
customers. Recent price actions to offset higher input costs have been effective with lower-than-expected
price elasticities to date, and promotional levels remain below 2019.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

In Latin America, successful commercial initiatives, including affordability packs, increased availability
of our key products and strong customer execution in both modern and traditional trade drove volume
growth across all major markets amidst an improving COVID environment. Improvement in single-serve
mix, some pricing actions and connecting brand strategies to on-premise customers to drive further
recovery in the away-from-home channel all contributed to strong price/mix.

Within Global Ventures, Costa benefited from retail store recovery as the U.K. reopened. With improved
reach and frequency from its enhanced loyalty program, Costa continues to expand across platforms into
new markets in partnership with our bottlers, resulting in growing brand awareness.

Our Bottling Investments Group performance was driven by India and the Philippines. BIG saw strict
lockdowns in several markets as well as rising inflation but has continued to see share gains year-
to-date in South Africa. Adverse impacts have been well managed through package and category
mix improvements along with cost controls, preserving progress on our operating margins during the
pandemic.

Global category teams are working with our operating units to build an engine to drive effective marketing
at scale and innovation which can be amplified across the world. Highlights from this quarter include:
Coca-Cola Zero Sugar's new recipe has rolled out in more than 50 countries and has had accelerated
growth in the last 3 months. In September, trademark Coca-Cola's new global brand philosophy, Real
Magic, was unveiled, featuring a refreshed look for our iconic logo, the Hug. The Real Magic platform takes
a digital-first approach, and our execution feature a range of experiences that are tailored to Gen Z and
leverage passion points like gaming and music to attract a new generation of drinkers.

Sparkling flavors gained share in the quarter driven by investments in targeted brand-country
combinations with a focus on occasions and zero sugar offerings. In China, Sprite volume growth was
accelerated by leveraging the global Let's Be Clear campaign during summer music festivals. Similarly, the
What The Fanta campaign focuses on snacking and it’s driving growth across all key metrics in Europe.

The hydration, sports, tea and coffee categories are seeing a good return on spend behind global brands.
AHA's expansion into new markets this year has shown flexibility to adapt to local customer and consumer
needs.

In advanced hydration, functional benefits have helped to stretch brand power and drive share for
Aquarius as it becomes more of a global brand. Tea and coffee have had success with Fuze Tea in Europe
and both Ayataka and Costa ready-to-drink in Japan. There is an opportunity to recover share in Georgia
Coffee as the at-work occasion returns.

Our juice portfolio gained share this quarter, helped by Minute Maid Pulpy performance in China, Del Valle
growth in Latin America and strong results across brands in Africa. In dairy, fairlife is set to become the
first billion-dollar brand in our dairy portfolio and has recently launched its joint venture in China. Our
experimentation with Topo Chico Hard Seltzer is expanding, and we're gathering valuable insights globally,
including the importance of building the category in regions where it is nascent.

We are seeing encouraging performance where the flavored alcoholic beverage category is growing rapidly,
and we have on-shelf presence. Molson Coors recently announced the national rollout of Topo Chico
Hard Seltzer in the U.S. with new Margarita flavors. We also recently announced the expansion of our
relationship with Molson Coors to bring the brand into Canada.

As the pandemic recovery has progressed, we've seen challenges and disruptions in many parts of the
world in addition to inflationary forces that could persist. We have years of experience in dealing with
these types of environments and are enhancing our strong capabilities that enable us to do so. We are
using the crucial tool of revenue growth management in its many forms and are executing in collaboration
with our bottling partners. We continue to refine our ability to optimize price and package offerings
according to occasions, brands and channels, striking the right balance between premiumization and
affordability.

In addition to streamlining our portfolio, targeting more disciplined innovation, intelligent experimentation
and transforming our marketing model, we're also building strong digital capabilities. We have taken an

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

enterprise approach and are progressing on the rollout of multi-category eB2B platforms with our bottlers
globally. As an example, Wabi is seeing strong growth outside its home market of Latin America and has
more than 50 categories contributing meaningfully to its sales on the platform.

Additionally, we are delivering outsized growth through a powerful and growing omnichannel presence
across regions. We're driving incremental incidents with partners like foodservice aggregators. North
America, for example, has grown attachment rates by mid-single digits with third-party and restaurant-
owned platforms. And we're gaining share in e-commerce with significant wins in Eurasia and hitting
record levels in Latin America this quarter.

I'd also like to reiterate that sustainability is an integral part of our business strategy and is a key driver of
future growth. From 2018 when we launched World Without Waste to today, we've made much progress
against our pillars to design, collect and partner to deliver against our goals.

Our commitment to reduce waste globally is also closely connected to our climate ambitions because
collecting more empty packages, using more recycled material, lightweighting our bottles and using plant-
based materials are all ways we are embracing the collective effort to decarbonize the global economy.

We strive to provide stakeholders with clear progress against our goals through our annual Business &
ESG Report and our World Without Waste Report, including using the Global Reporting Initiative, SASB,
and TCFD reporting frameworks as well as disclosures through other publicly available avenues like CDP
and the Ellen MacArthur Foundation. We continuously revisit our ESG reporting and disclosures to ensure
our leadership position. We do not take our responsibility lightly, and we carefully and thoroughly vet long-
term objectives with our system partners and only commit new goals with a clear, actionable plan.

To ensure we remain transparent and responsive to this evolving landscape, we'd like to invite you to join
us for our virtual ESG event on November 3, where key business and sustainability leaders will provide an
update on our initiatives and answer your questions. As we look at our year-to-date performance of the
system, it's clear that we are emerging stronger from the pandemic, delivering solid results under a more
networked structure.

Now I'll turn the call to John to discuss our third quarter results, our updated outlook and some initial
thoughts about 2022.

John Murphy
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, James. In the third quarter, we delivered another set of strong results, building on the
momentum we've seen this year. Our Q3 organic revenue was up 14% with concentrate shipments up 8%
and price/mix up 6%. Price/mix was led by strong pricing in North America and Latin America and further
improvement in away-from-home channels in many markets.

Unit case growth was 6% with absolute unit cases ahead of 2019 levels for the first time this year and a
sequential improvement versus the second quarter on a 2-year basis. Concentrate shipment outpaced unit
cases in the quarter due to inventory build by some of our bottling partners to manage through near-term
disruption.

Comparable gross margin for the quarter was up approximately 160 basis points versus prior year driven
by pricing in the market, positive mix and timing of shipments. Despite some pressure points in the supply
chain, we're successfully pulling the levers at our disposal to mitigate impacts to the best of our ability.

We continue to invest as many markets reopened during the quarter and significantly stepped up our
marketing dollars versus prior year. As a result, our comparable operating margin compressed by 40 basis
points year-over-year, more than offsetting the flow-through from the strong top line.

Below operating income, we saw some leverage come through from the other income line and a lower
tax rate for the quarter that was driven by our updated effective tax rate for the full year to 18.6% from
19.1% previously.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Putting all of this together, third quarter comparable earnings per share of $0.65 was an increase of 18%
year-over-year, including a 3-point benefit from currency. We also delivered strong year-to-date free cash
flow of $8.5 billion.

Given our strong results and with one quarter remaining, we have good visibility and are raising guidance
for the full year. We now expect to deliver organic revenue growth of 13% to 14%, which is at the high
end of our previously provided range, and comparable EPS growth of 15% to 17% in 2021.

Our updated guidance for free cash flow of approximately $10.5 billion represents significant progress
over the past few years and particularly during the COVID era. This progress is further dimensionalized as
follows: We expect to achieve this year a dividend payout ratio below our long-term target of 75% of free
cash flow for the first time since 2015; we anticipate delivering another year of free cash flow conversion
above 100%; and finally, our expected free cash flow has almost doubled since 2017.

Our improving cash flow position will allow us to be even more vigorous in pursuit of our capital allocation
priorities: first and foremost, to invest in our business; secondly, continuing our track record to grow our
dividend; thirdly, to seek opportune M&A; and finally, with excess cash to repurchase our shares.

So as we think about Q4, a few things to keep in mind. One, the recovery phase looks different around
the world, and we expect that to continue. Two, we continue to see a minimal commodity impact due
to hedges we have in place for the remainder of the year. Three, from a marketing perspective, we
expect to increase consumer-facing marketing spend toward levels similar to 2019 while improving the
quality of that spend and allocating it in a more targeted manner. Four, our currency outlook continues
to contemplate a tailwind of 1% to 2% to the top line and approximately 2% to 3% to comparable EPS
in 2021 based on current spot rates and our hedge position. Last, but not least, our current full year
guidance has built in the leveling out of our concentrate shipments that are running ahead year-to-date
due to timing considering that we have 6 fewer days in the fourth quarter.

It's not typical for us to provide commentary on the year ahead at this stage, but I would like to highlight
a few points regarding 2022 given the dynamics we are already seeing. While there are puts and takes to
consider from the pandemic looking into next year, we're confident in the underlying top line trajectory,
supported by our transformation work, our innovation agenda and a more efficient and effective approach
to marketing.

Along with this ongoing momentum in revenues, we also expect to see some higher costs. We are not
immune to the commodity inflation that has been impacting the world for the better part of 2021 nor the
rapidly changing environment. We've been successful with hedges that were put in place to mitigate the
impact of input cost inflation, and those will begin to roll off in 2022.

Based on current rates and hedge position, we'd expect commodity inflation to have a mid-single-digit
impact on our cost of goods sold in 2022. We've been proactively accelerating our revenue growth
management and productivity levers to offset some of this pressure as we look out to next year. And we're
closely monitoring the moving parts in the supply chain to ensure we are well positioned to meet demand.

Moving to marketing dollars. We'll continue to invest purposefully in our brands and markets to support
top line growth with spend more heavily weighted toward consumer-facing activity.

Regarding currency, if we were to assume current rates and our hedge position, there would be an
approximate 2- to 3-point currency headwind to revenue and a 2- to 3-point headwind to earnings for the
full year of 2022. Of course, volatility remains and several factors could have an impact on our currency
outlook between now and February.

Overall, as vaccinations continue to progress globally, we are in a better position today to navigate this
environment, and we feel good about the potential for our business. We look forward to coming back with
more specific guidance after the fourth quarter.

In closing, I'd like to acknowledge the more than 700,000 men and women of the Coca-Cola system
whose tremendous dedication and hard work have been instrumental to delivering the strong results
in the first 9 months of the year. The alignment of our system and its deft navigation through a

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

challenging supply environment and an asynchronous pandemic recovery have been key enablers to
emerging stronger. We're confident in our updated guidance and our ability to further leverage our strong
capabilities to drive sustainable top line growth and maximize returns.
With that, operator, we are ready to take questions.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division

I appreciate the commentary on the cadence through the quarter and even giving us a little bit of some
pieces to look at '22. But if we can just -- I think one of the questions we're getting now is just kind of the
business momentum and maybe how it's come at, progressed as we moved into the fourth quarter.

So maybe if you could give a little bit more color on just how you're seeing the business currently. And
also, just some perspective on how you see that momentum going into '22 given not just the pandemic
but also inflation and pricing. And so just some context as to how the business is going so far this quarter
but also just your perspective on that going into '22.

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

Sure, Bryan. Firstly, we clearly have been executing against our emerging stronger strategy. As you
can see that coming through, we've called out that the third quarter was the first quarter to be growing
versus -- in a [ full ] quarter versus 2019. So a sequential improvement as we've been going through this
year from the first half, which was below 2019, to the third quarter, which was above it. So it's clearly
sequential improvement coming through as we have adapted our ability to cope with the ups and downs of
the lockdowns and the reopenings.

Now in the quarter, as you say, we called out that July started well, and then August was softer as there
were more lockdowns, and then September was better. When you think about where that's going in the
fourth quarter and into next year, I mean, clearly, the fact that we have raised or clarified guidance on
revenue to be at the top end of the range, should lead you to feel confident that we see visibility in the
downhill of the rest of this year.

October has started strong and in line with expectations, so we feel good that the momentum is there.
I mean I've made the caveat, as many other people have done through COVID, that who knows what
could happen in the downhill with variants and with lockdowns. But at the moment, what we see is the
momentum is there. We feel good about our top line guidance for the year, and October backs up that
statement.

And then as it goes through 2022, obviously too early to call the full year next year, and we will do so in
February. But again, we -- in the comments -- in the press release, in John's comments, we said we feel
that we have momentum in the business. Again, the caveats of who knows what'll happen with variants
and potential lockdowns, but we do see the world emerging from the crisis a bit like an earthquake. You
get more aftershocks, but the consequent aftershocks tend to be smaller than the early ones. And that's
kind of how we see 2022. So we feel there's good momentum and the strategy is working, and it's getting
us back on track.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I wanted to just talk a little bit more maybe about supply chain. Last quarter, you talked about isolated
pressure points and definitely offered commentary to say that you're able to tap into supplier relationships
and so on.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

But I was just curious, I guess, a, what's the thought that bottlers continue to try to build inventory
not just in advance of 4Q but even looking into '22 that you kind of maintain this disconnect between
concentrate shipments and unit case volume?

But also, to talk a little bit on the packaging side of things and what the system is able to do to have
better access to the range of packaging options. Because I know things have been tight all year, but it
sounds like they're getting worse. And so just curious what you could offer from what you guys are doing
to be able to manage through that so well.

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

Sure, Lauren. Yes, I'm not sure I used the word isolated last quarter, but I know what you mean. Look,
firstly, we have a lot of capability on managing through crises. This may be a unique and global one, but
most managers and leaders at Coke have sometime in their career managed a part of the world or a
country that's gone through severe dislocation. And so we have built capability over the years to manage
through this and in particular in the supply chains, organizations of the company and with the bottlers.

And so we have strong capabilities. We look for long-term partnerships with the ecosystem of the supply
chains, whether that's imports, materials or logistics. We also act as a system in a number of regards. We
have something called the Cross Enterprise Procurement Group, which buys key commodities on behalf of
the company and the bottlers. So there's a great deal of coordination between ourselves and the bottlers.

In terms of the problems, it's a bit like whac-a-mole. Things pop up. We've talked previously about can
pressure in the U.S. Self-evidently, there's issues in shipping and freight and availability of labor in places.
Then you get one that pops up. The price of gas spikes in Europe, and the availability of CO2 comes under
pressure. There was a PET plant went offline because it burst into flames in Brazil, et cetera, et cetera.

So there is a heightened degree of sporadic problems appearing as well as kind of structural shortages
of certain ingredients. But we have global scale, we have global coordination and we have long-term
relationships with many of our ecosystem partners that are allowing us to manage and offset what's going
on.

Now as regards the bottler inventory towards the end of the year, clearly we're working with the bottlers.
And obviously, they can have the comfort and assurance that they don't necessarily need to hold it in their
hands for us to be certain of having it as a system. We, obviously, ourselves being a kind of a key -- the
key player in providing the concentrate make sure we have enough buffered availability of ingredients and
concentrate to make sure the bottlers are going to be in a good position, and we manage that accordingly
with them in every year and particularly this one.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.

Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

The thoughts around top line and volume recovery you mentioned earlier for 2022 were helpful. Can
you spend a bit more time discussing the pricing environment that you're seeing also in the U.S., other
developed markets and then in the developing markets? Obviously, we're seeing a pretty unique spike
in commodity costs in terms of the magnitude. So how is your system approaching pricing in this
environment given that unique level of increase?

And specifically for Coca-Cola itself, is the expectation that pricing can generally fully offset commodity
increases on a dollar-for-dollar basis ex any demand elasticity secondary impact given you don't have
as much commodity exposure as the entire system and -- but share in the retail pricing moves? And
then also maybe can you just detail the competitive pricing environment you're seeing from your key
competitors?

James Robert B. Quincey

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Chairman & CEO

I'm pretty sure that adds up to more than one question, but I'll give it a go, Dara.

Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Multipart.

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

Yes, multipart. First point, we -- as a matter of course, I mean, there's inflation every year. But we
approach it from the point of view of going, our brands need to earn the right to adjust their prices each
year, whether that be because of the marketing, the innovation, the execution, the investment in the
marketplace or the pressure on COGS or the pressure on labor inflation. So as you can see from our
numbers, I mean, we are pulling all the levers of price and mix and marketing innovation each and every
year. And so that is the starting point as we think forward into 2022.

Secondly, we see the environment of pricing, example the U.S. and largely everywhere else as pretty
rational, whether that be what competitors are doing or what the retailers are doing with their own label
brands. And so we see our approach as earning the right to take the price that creates value for ourselves,
the system and creates value for the retailers and creates value for the consumers. And that's our starting
point.

Yes, we did take an off-cycle increase in the U.S., obviously, slightly different by brand and by pack but
certainly in the high single digits starting in August. The elasticity has worked perhaps a little better than
they were last time. You may remember the -- whatever it was, 4 or 5 years ago, we took an off-cycle
price increase in the U.S. when there was a very strong adjustments in the logistics market in the U.S.
that caused everyone a great deal of problems. And so we passed that through this time, and we will be
looking at exactly what level our pricing needs to be for 2022. But again, the COGS input -- the COGS
push-through is a piece of the puzzle, and we certainly intend to earn the right to take the pricing for the
brands and the packaging and beyond.

And that is true in other parts of the world. I mean obviously, depending in the emerging markets on the
level of inflation in the marketplace, you've got some double-digit inflation, places where there might be
more than one price increase during the year. But in the other developed markets, again, you see this
approach of earning the right to take the price based on the brand, the pack, the occasion, the channel
and really driving that through.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Maybe pivoting back to volume for a minute. You mentioned, obviously, that 3Q volumes finished ahead
of '19 for the first time since the pandemic started, which is obviously a happy achievement. I guess what
I'm wondering is if there's a way to sort of frame where 3Q volumes finished indexed to '19 in terms of at-
home versus away-from-home or future consumption versus immediate consumption.

I guess I'm trying to get a better sense conceptually of how much further runway there may be in the
away-from-home, I mean, the consumption side of the business recovering, which obviously has both
volume implications but also beneficial price/mix implications. Is there a right way to frame -- a right way
to think about that from your perspective?

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Yes, sure. As you say, look, so Q3 is above 2019 in volume. If I look at the mix of the business between
away-from-home and at-home, the away-from-home has not yet recovered to the same share of mix that
it was in 2019. And so, of course, implicit in your questions is, is that a tailwind going forward as more of
the away-from-home recovers because of either the package or the brand or the occasion that it’s related
to? And the answer in some extent is yes.

Now worth bearing in mind but it's not a snapback, which is what you're seeing. It's not just a function
of lockdown, and when the lockdown ends, the away-from-home comes back. I think we're seeing an
evolution of the landscape. You're going to see some, of course, away-from-home is a series of -- a whole
set of sub-channels. You're going to see some of those sub-channels where actually, over the last 2 years,
almost 2 years now, there's been a reduction in the number of outlets. And so our hypothesis is it will take
time to see those outlets re-expand, reappear. And so it won't -- just because the lockdown ends doesn't
mean the outlet reappears, so we'll see some of that.

But of course, there'll be some channels that are not yet fully open, much of travel and kind of hospitality.
There are a whole series of sub-channels that are still running far below their 2019 levels.

So yes, it's a headwind -- it's a tailwind going into the future, but it's not dependent just on the end of
lockdowns. And I think it will -- if you imagine a curve, we've got -- we're -- the snapback has happened,
and now it's going to be a little more of a smoothing of the curve to recover the rest of the away-from-
home. Because in part, people's habits have changed. Like I said, it's an evolving landscape. I mean what
degree of more permanent at-home work here are we going to see? Not quite clear. So I think we've got
a big piece of it, let's say, half of it back of the mix, and there's another half to come. But it won't come
overnight, it'll come over time.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets.

Sunil Harshad Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

James, I was hoping you can kind of give us an update on the reorg and all the changes that were made.
I mean do you have all the right people in the right seats now? And how is the organization adjusting
to kind of the new decision-making matrix? If you could just provide us an update there. Just some of
the feedback that I've gotten is that there are still some bugs being worked out, so I'm just trying to get
a better understanding of timing on when you think you'll kind of be optimally running under this new
networked structure.

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

I'm not sure I would ever call us arriving at the destination optimally running because by the time we get
there, something else will have changed in the world, and we'll need to make some tweaks and evolve.
Certainly, we stood up the organization in the first quarter, and then -- and it was off to a good start. It's
very much on track with our expectations. As you say, one would expect there to be some bugs and some
kinks that need to be worked out, and that is what we're going through at the moment.

And it's not that all of the change has happened yet. We're -- we've been running a -- Manolo and the
marketing team have been running a big agency review through this year. We're coming up on the final
decisions on that in the fourth quarter, which will start bringing a structural amount of change next year in
the way we interact in our marketing kind of the enabling spend ecosystem. So there'll be more change,
and we will continue with that.

So we're focused on working out the bugs of the bits we've already stood up. We'll be bringing more
change in terms of how we get the marketing sorted out next year. And I'm sure things will happen in the
marketplace that will cause us to want to make further evolutions. But we're -- we certainly see that the
early signs of how the new organizational model can help us both deal and manage through the crisis,
whether it's what we've done on the supply chain or the procurement, but also set us up. Ultimately,

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

this is all about being an enabler to give us confidence in driving and delivering on our long-term growth
algorithm.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Bonnie Herzog with Goldman Sachs.

Bonnie Lee Herzog
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I was actually hoping you guys could talk about whether or not you have a competitive advantage during
a period of rising input and transportation costs relative to your peers given your asset-light or asset-right
refranchise model. I guess I'm thinking about this in the context of your preliminary outlook for FY '22 as
it relates to COGS pressures.

And then curious to hear, I guess, how you're working with your bottlers who really are experiencing
pretty sharp cost pressures to essentially help them navigate through this tough environment.

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Let me start with the system here and then work back towards the company. Obviously, we're
working with the bottlers on a collective basis and an individual and country basis. And I draw the
distinction because on a collective basis, as I mentioned earlier, we have a unit called the Cross Enterprise
Procurement Group, which works on behalf of the system globally, us and the major bottlers, to procure
the key input costs, whether it be resin, aluminum, sweeteners or whatever it would happen to be. And
that's not just about buying, it's about the hedges and the pricing and the security of supply. So there's a
tremendous activity and coordination with the bottlers on the principal input costs.

Then, of course, we work locally with the bottlers in the countries, taking into account all the other factors
that go into how we might want to approach pricing, whether that's the other costs, the more local costs,
logistics, labor, et cetera, et cetera. And our agenda for marketing and innovation and execution, RGM,
and come up with a plan to make sure that we drive that into the marketplace and that the brands earn
the right for the pricing that keeps them attractive to the retailers, attractive to the consumers and drives
the business for us.

And then obviously, within that, the company itself has a skew to certain ingredients because we're asset
light or we own more of certain businesses like the juice business vertically integrated in the U.S. and
within as well in Europe than necessarily aluminum. So we do have an exposure to input cost, which is
why we've called out what we've called out.

I think the competitive advantage is not whether the company necessarily is asset light or not or has only
certain commodities. Ultimately, we're a system with our bottlers where the pricing is taken by the bottler
and then the company follows that along. I think the advantage is the global scale, the experience in
managing through these environments and the ability to work with the supply ecosystem and create value
for the retailers and the consumers.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Kaumil Gajrawala with Crédit Suisse.

Kaumil S. Gajrawala
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Could I please follow up on Bonnie's question as it relates to the incidence pricing model and maybe some
of the new models that were put in, in recent years? How does it work in this environment? Because the
pricing is, of course, still taken by the bottlers, but the -- I guess, the relative price inflation or the relative
cost inflation is much higher at the bottler than it might be for yourselves.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

I understand that you take it as a system. But how does that work from an incidence pricing perspective?
Does it still hold in that you're able to follow on whatever the bottler does in the marketplace? Or are there
tweaks being made for what right now seems to be a bit of an abnormal situation?

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

No, the incidence model works as the incidence model, and -- which, to be clear, is -- generally speaking,
the company's revenue on any particular brand or package is a percent of what the bottler is getting. It's
not the same percent necessarily on every brand or even every package, but it is a percent. And then over
time, this has proven to be a great way of maintaining alignment and shared interest in driving value for
the company and the bottler's local management.

So when we -- when a brand or a package or a channel or occasion grows, it's good for both the bottler
and the company. And if we decide to push on something that's more affordable, it delivers less for the
bottler and the company. So the incidence has proven to be a tremendous vehicle of getting the franchise
system to focus on creating value in the marketplace.

Over time, in certain environments, it puts a -- the rest of the cost structure puts a little more pressure
on the bottler or a little more pressure on the company depending on what's going on. But we don't cause
-- micro course correct the incidence for small problems or even potentially medium problems. We look at
a holistic view of making sure the bottling system is structurally sound, has got the right capabilities, the
right ownership and the right capacity to invest in the marketplace.

So it's something -- completely pushes the thing offtrack. We're in a different situation. Otherwise, we and
the bottlers don't manage for the short term. Or we do manage the short term, but we think about it in
the context of where are we going long term and manage through short-term effects.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

James, I wanted to go back to your pricing commentary, if you can talk to your ability to continue to take
pricing or if the actions you took so far, including the one you alluded to in North America in August, will
suffice to mitigate the additional mid-single-digit cost pressures in 2022. And how do you see the balance
in between bringing back promotions to historical levels into 2022 for the at-home consumption?

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Thanks for that. I mean obviously, we're not at the stage of providing an outlook on pricing and
promotion levels in 2022. We'll do that when we get to February.

Certainly, what we did in North America addressed the immediate 2021 issues in North America, as we
did in other parts of the world whether -- wherever it was in the world, we would have addressed the cost
issues and the earned brand pricing issues wherever we were.

Again, I think the important thing, the pricing approach is to earn the right to take the pricing for the
brands. They've earned that -- they earn that -- the equity earns the right for pricing, and that's a
combination of bearing in mind the cost inflation, the input cost inflation, the labor costs, the logistics
costs, what we need to invest in marketing, what we need to invest in innovation, what we need to invest
in execution and what we need to invest in coolers and routes to market. And that all goes in the equation
of taking the pricing that we have earned to take. And that is the same balancing equation that we will
look at for 2022.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Carlos Laboy with HSBC.
Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Carlos Alberto Laboy
HSBC, Research Division

James, you mentioned strong U.S. pricing several times. And in our Southwestern and U.S. markets,
where recently we also saw a major step-up in revenue management execution from prepandemic levels,
it's really sophisticated price pack structures that we're seeing.

Can you give us a more broad-based North American assessment of how you see the market development
capability of the U.S. system improving over the next couple of years? And I guess what is the system
going to be doing differently to keep driving this market development capability forward?

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

Yes, sure. Well, thank you for those observations, Carlos, on the visits, I'm presuming Texas or something
like that. The -- as you well know, as a long-time observer of Latin America, we certainly have been trying
to fuse together what -- the best of what the U.S. system does with some imported thinking from Latin
America on RGM and on-the-ground, up-and-down-the-street execution.

As we look forward into the U.S., clearly we're trying to bring the combination of more investment in the
marketing of brands, more innovation targeted to the marketplace, backed with the increasing use of RGM
to be more sophisticated in the price and the mix opportunity but also backed with ongoing improvements
in the execution capability not just in the larger stores or with the larger away-from-home partners but
also up and down the street with the smaller stores and really being within an arm's reach of desire. Not
just perhaps an arm's reach of job but within a click's reach of desire. And I think the system is continuing
to back that as we go forward.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Robert Ottenstein with Evercore ISI.

Robert Edward Ottenstein
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

First, just a quick point of clarification. If you could give the breakout of price/mix in LatAm. How much
was price/mix and channel? And then my more substantive question. Some really great progress on the
free cash flow side, significantly higher than your initial guidance. Can you talk about some of the drivers
there? Are you where you need to be in terms of cash conversion at this point? And are these levels
sustainable?

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

Sure. I'll do the 3 -- I'll do the price/mix, and then John can take the flowers and the laurels on doubling
the free cash flow in the last few years. Price/mix in Latin America, clearly there's a big component of
rate in the third quarter, and part of that is driven by inflationary pricing in Argentina. But in the quarter,
channel and price/mix -- sorry, channel and package were both positive to mix, as was the timing of some
of the deductions. And so yes, it is rather an anomaly.

I think particularly in the case -- I mean it's generally true for the company that don't over rotate to
quarterly pricing, particularly in emerging markets where there can be a tremendous amount of volatility,
because, obviously, we're quite far back in the supply chain. So I would encourage looking at places like
Latin America on a kind of a more multi-quarter basis given the volatility that one can get in terms of price
or mix given where we are in terms of what ships where. But generally speaking, there's a -- it's mainly
operational price and mix and then there's a little piece that's inflation in Argentina. John?

John Murphy
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Thanks, James. Yes, on the free cash flow, clearly pleased with the progress we've made. Looking forward,
a couple of observations on our free cash flow conversion. Our long-term algorithm has free cash flow
conversion of 90% to 95% range, and I still believe that's the right level for us to be pitching at.

This year is better than that and due to some specific items through the year. Our marketing accruals in
'21 were much higher than '20 as the marketing spend returns to 2019 levels. Our incentive compensation
was down for obvious reasons in 2020 due to the pandemic impact. We -- and as I mentioned on the call
earlier, we anticipate some headwinds on ForEx going into '22. So taking all that into account, I would
expect us to be still able to deliver against the range that we've outlined in the long-term algorithm.

Some of the drivers, Robert, in the last couple of years, we've made a lot of progress on working capital.
We've talked about that in the past. We continue to do so. In a strange way, the one area that we are
below where I would like to be is on inventory. But in a paradoxical way, that's been actually a good thing,
to have more buffer around the world. And so in the immediate short term, I kind of like it that way. But
it's an area that we will continue to attack over time in a number of areas.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Sean King with UBS.

Sean King;UBS;Analyst

I wonder if I can get your thoughts on some of the puts and takes to your bottling system's DSD
capabilities in the context of some of the pressure points that other CPGs are having in keeping store
shelves stocked, particularly around the coming holiday season. I mean is it safe to say maybe absorbing
some higher costs with the potential for share gains?

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Clearly, there is some pressure in the marketplace in terms of logistical capacity. And obviously, with
the holiday season tending to see demand go up, that's going to come into sharper focus as we go into the
next few months. We are well set up. I think we are advantaged competitively. I would like to see us, as
you say, make gains in not just the share of the visible inventory but in the share of the sell-out as well.

We will see. Some of that is limited by some of the supply constraints. If we want to talk about the U.S.,
there are still -- it's still tight on cans, it's still tight on hot-fill resin. And so there is some limitations to
what can be out there. But clearly, as we sell lots of different brands in lots of different packages, we have
the opportunity to make sure we can get the shelves full if not with absolutely everything we'd love to see
on the shelves, at least the shelves will be full with the vast majority of the things we would like to see on
the shelves.

And we can manage through it. I mean if there's tremendous demand and shortage of supply, of course
one logically starts to wonder whether you need all the promotions that one can think of. So there is a
balancing of if it costs slightly more to get stuff there because there are kind of shortages, then you don't
need as much promotion. So I think there's a lot -- there are a set of puts and takes here which will allow
us -- the system to have a good holiday season.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities.

Christopher Michael Carey
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I just wanted to follow up on this outlook for mid-single-digit inflation going into next year. I mean
consensually, spot prices are decidedly higher than mid-single digits. Perhaps I'm reading that dynamic
wrong. But if I'm not, is this simply a function of your global scale, ease -- ability to source and massive --
better rates than prevailing? You just noted that inventory has been coming at free cash flow, but there's
actually a buffer, which has helped you actually in this tight inventory position.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

So just I guess any perspective around that would be helpful because this is a dynamic we've been seeing
where spot is actually quite a bit worse than how companies are looking at it to go forward. And I'm just
curious on perhaps why that is the case and why you might stand out in this regard.

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Two things to bear in mind. And let me start with the company and talk about the total system. We,
the company, obviously skew, as I mentioned earlier, in terms of the commodities that flow through our
P&L most directly. And bear in mind the biggest commodity that flows through the company's P&L is
actually juice, the cost of buying juice, whose spot price has not shot up. It was not projected to shoot up
as much next year as this year. It has obviously increased in '21 over '20 but is looking more in the range
that we've talked about going into 2022.

So from the company's perspective, our biggest commodity is not -- that the spot price of it for next year
is not widely projected to be out of line with what we're talking about in terms of increases. And then
obviously, we buy a whole set of other things which are expected to go up.

So I do want to also encourage you to remember that we don't buy heavily on spot. That is not our
objective. As I told earlier, we -- given our scale in most commodities, especially as a system, we look to
buy on a long-term basis, not just hedging on a long-term basis or a multi-quarter basis but buying with
partners and making commitments on a long-term basis too. And so we don't go up and down with the
stock market on a day-to-day basis. And that means that the system also has the ability to lock in while
still inflationary in 2022. Whether we're talking about PET or metals or sugars or corn syrup that they're all
going up in 2022, but it's not the sky is falling.

Operator

Your next question or final question is from the line of Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Congratulations on further progress in the quarter. James, I wanted to pivot to the energy drink category
and your broader strategy there as performance energy brands have accelerated industry growth and
taking share from brands like Monster. So clearly, your stake in Monster underpins the company's broader
strategy, though you've also obviously rolled out Coke Energy, AHA with caffeine. You're rolling out Costa
RTD coffees in certain markets.

So I'd like to get your updated thoughts on, one, how the category is evolving; and two, your overall level
of satisfaction with your energy drink strategy, particularly in some of these niche and upcoming brands
that are gaining market share from brands like Monster.

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

Yes, sure. Let me distinguish clearly between the energy drink category and the energy or recharge need
state, as you mentioned, a series of other brands as well.

As it relates to the energy drink category, obviously we have a very successful partnership with Monster
that has created tremendous value for us, for the bottlers and, in particular, for Monster. And I think
that's driven [ lots of it ]. Yes, there have been in the U.S. some recent competitive entries which seem
to be both expanding the category and taking some share. Obviously, you can -- you'll be -- you see
in their numbers -- I know they haven't announced this quarter, but at least for the numbers they've
announced for the first half so far this year, you can see they continued to grow strongly this year on top
of growing last year. So it's -- there's a lot of success, and I'm sure they'll talk about on their call how
they're responding to marketplace dynamics. And obviously, we the system look forward to continuing to
drive success with that partnership.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

As it relates to the broader energy need state or recharge need state of consumers, clearly that's growing.
It has been growing pre-COVID, and it's still growing. Whether that be, as you say, ready-to-drink coffees
or some of the caffeinated waters, we see a lot of focus and opportunity for growth there. Ready -- Costa
ready-to-drink has done -- Costa Coffee ready-to-drink has done well where we've launched it. AHA looks
-- has done well in their launch in China.

Certainly, there's kind of caffeine being introduced to a number of different beverages here in the U.S. And
so we do see ultimately the kind of recharge need state. Whether that's satisfied with an energy drink or
a Coke Classic or AHA with caffeine or a fairlife chocolate milk shake, that has been a long-term driver of
growth in the beverage industry, and we expect it to remain so.

Okay, I think that was the last question.

So to summarize, we're confident that as the world begins to move beyond the pandemic, we'll deliver
against our long-term growth model consistently and sustainably over time. And from putting our new
marketing model into action to shaping a strong and enduring innovation pipeline, from our digital
initiatives to our important sustainability agenda, we are working in alignment with our bottling partners
with the power of our people, and we are poised to drive growth at scale for the entire system for years to
come.

So thank you for your interest, your investment in our company and for joining us this morning. Thank
you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Copyright © 2022 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

