Loews Corporation NYSE:L
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Monday, November 02, 2020 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

EPS Normalized 

Revenue  (mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-07-2020 9:21 PM GMT

-FQ4 2019-

CONSENSUS

0.73

-

-FY 2019-

CONSENSUS

3.35

14769.00

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.96

0.75

0.68

0.73

1.15

0.91

0.22

1.11

19.79 %

21.33 %

(67.65 %)

52.05 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
LOEWS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

David B. Edelson
Senior VP & CFO

James S. Tisch
President, CEO & Director

Mary Skafidas
Vice President of IR & Corporate
Communications

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

LOEWS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Loews Corporation Third Quarter
2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

I will now turn the call over to Mary Skafidas, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate
Communications for Loews.

Mary Skafidas
Vice President of IR & Corporate Communications

Thank you, Laurie, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to Loews Corporation's third quarter
earnings conference call. A copy of our earnings release, earnings supplement and company overview may
be found on our website, loews.com.

On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer,
David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks, we will have a question-and-answer session with
questions from shareholders.

Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are
forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those
made or implied in any forward-looking statements due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties,
including those set forth in our SEC filings. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the
time they are made. The company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-
looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking
statements disclaimers, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC.

During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security
filings and earnings supplement for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. There has
been a slight modification to our earnings call format that was made in response to shareholder feedback.
For a number of years now, we have taken questions from shareholders on an earnings call, either by
incorporating the answers into our prepared remarks or answering them directly during our Q&A session.
Recently, we've heard from shareholders that they prefer that we answer questions in the Q&A portion of
the call instead of weaving them into the prepared remarks, and we're happy to comply with this request.
As a result, we will have a longer Q&A session.

With that, I'd like to turn the call over to our CEO, Jim. Jim, over to you.

James S. Tisch
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Mary, and good morning. Let me start by focusing on capital allocation, specifically, share
buybacks. During our second quarter conference call, I emphatically stated my strong belief that the
market was significantly undervaluing Loews' shares. I also stated that while Loews plans to maintain a
substantial liquidity position as our rainy day fund, we also would take advantage of the market's discount
and continue to buy back our stock.

During the third quarter, we did just that, purchasing over 5.4 million shares of Loews for about $195
million while preserving ample liquidity and ending the quarter with about $3.5 billion in cash and
investments. Maintaining high levels of liquidity is fundamental to our business model because it lets us
both capture opportunity and withstand uncertainty. And like any portfolio manager, we have to balance
retaining our liquidity with taking advantage of investment opportunities as they arise.

Buying back shares is one of Loews' 3 capital allocation tools, with the other 2 being investing in our
subsidiaries and buying another business. With our stock trading considerably below our view of its
intrinsic value, share repurchases have recently been our most attractive capital allocation option.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

LOEWS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

That being said, our decision to buy back stock has not come at the expense of any of our subsidiaries.
For example, we have provided capital to Loews Hotels to help it ride out the effects of COVID on the
hospitality industry. Our 3 other subsidiaries, CNA, Boardwalk and Altium Packaging, have not recently
required parent company capital. Instead, Boardwalk and Altium have largely used their free cash flow to
finance growth opportunities and CNA has chosen to pay dividends since it hasn't had a need for additional
capital.

As Mary mentioned, during the Q&A, we will be discussing topics submitted by our shareholders. However,
I did want to highlight 2 key items upfront: CNA's long-term care business and the situation at Loews
Hotels.

Starting with CNA. Before we got into long-term care, let me emphasize that CNA's underlying property
casualty underwriting performance for the quarter was stellar. The company had an underlying combined
ratio of 92.6 compared with 94.6 in last year's third quarter due to improved loss and expense ratios.
Property and casualty pricing momentum continues, with rates increasing over 12% in the third quarter
compared to an increase of just under 6% for the same period last year.

With respect to long-term care, my guess is that CNA's long-term care exposure is a significant reason
why CNA's valuation lags its peers. We at Loews are comfortable with the reserves that CNA has set up for
long-term care. The company has been proactive in managing their long-term care book of business and
prudent in their approach to setting LTC reserves.

In the third quarter, CNA took an LTC net reserve charge of $37 million before tax, comprising a $74
million active life reserve deficiency, offset by a $37 million claim reserve release. The active life reserve
deficiency resulted from the continued low interest rate environment and its impact on future assumed
reinvestment rates. In my opinion, CNA is taking a conservative view on future interest rates, which
hopefully means that they will not have to adjust for lower interest rates again going forward. Since the
end of 2015, CNA's overall exposure to long-term care has been reduced by 31% with the number of
active policies declining from 419,000 to 288,000.

So why are we so confident in CNA's management of long-term care, even in the face of the market
skepticism? Because we know that over the past 7 years, CNA has been laser-focused and immersed in
their long-term care book of business. For the 6 years prior to becoming CNA's Chief Financial Officer, Al
Miralles was Head of Long-Term Care at the company. Al did an outstanding job mitigating the LTC risk for
CNA, and the team in place today continues to do so. CNA has managed more than 100,000 long-term
care claims to date, providing CNA with reliable claims experience across all policy types and age cohorts.

CNA reviews its long-term care reserves in the third quarter of every year, and they post significant
information regarding their review on the CNA website. If you have not already done so, please take a
look at the information that they make available.

Now for the second topic I want to cover: Loews Hotels. The fallout from the COVID pandemic continues
to negatively affect the travel and tourism industry, and Loews Hotels is no exception. We believe and
hope that the second quarter was the bottom for the hotel industry, and we have seen business pick up at
Loews Hotels since then.

While occupancy rates are still low by any historical standard, 21 of Loews Hotels' 27 properties had
resumed operations by the end of the third quarter. The resumption of operations, combined with
significant expense controls enacted by Loews Hotels' management, have improved the company's cash
flow situation.

When the pandemic struck and Loews Hotels substantially suspended operations, we estimated that the
company would generate negative cash flow of approximately $25 million per month. While still negative,
Loews Hotels' cash flow is much improved. Going forward, we do not expect Loews Hotels' cash needs to
be material to Loews Corporation's balance sheet.

And with that, let me turn the call over to David.

David B. Edelson

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

LOEWS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Senior VP & CFO

Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. For the third quarter, Loews reported net income of $139
million or $0.50 per share up from $72 million or $0.24 per share in last year's third quarter. The quarterly
increase was driven by CNA, whose net income contribution doubled to $192 million.

Let me provide some brief highlights on CNA's quarter. For more details, we encourage you to review the
transcript from the company's investor call earlier this morning. The year-over-year earnings increase
at CNA was driven by 2 main factors: one, lower net reserve charges in CNA's Life & Group business
associated with the long-term care and structured settlement businesses; and two, higher net investment
income and net investment gains.

As Jim mentioned, CNA's core property and casualty business posted robust premium growth and strong
underlying profitability in the quarter. However, total P&C underwriting results declined from Q3 2019
because of higher weather-related catastrophe losses. Catastrophe losses for the entire U.S. property and
casualty industry were elevated during the quarter, led by 3 hurricanes and the Midwest derecho. The
western wildfires were also an industry event but had little impact on CNA.

Before leaving CNA, I would draw your attention to the company's rock-solid investment portfolio, which
at quarter end had a market value of $49 billion, an average credit rating of A and a net unrealized gain of
$5 billion. About 94% of CNA's fixed maturity investment portfolio is investment grade.

Again, please see CNA's transcript and shareholder materials for more details. Even though Diamond
Offshore ceased being a consolidated subsidiary of Loews in this year's second quarter, it helped drive our
third quarter year-over-year earnings increase. During last year's third quarter, Diamond contributed a
net loss of $48 million, while this year, Diamond's results were no longer included in our consolidated net
income.

Let me now turn to our wholly owned subsidiaries: Boardwalk, Loews Hotels and Altium Packaging.
Boardwalk's net income contribution declined from $29 million in the prior year to $20 million. The
company generated quarterly EBITDA of $167 million versus $175 million last year. Net operating
revenues were down slightly. Expiring natural gas transportation contracts were recontracted at lower
rates, which was expected and planned for.

Revenues from growth projects recently placed in service, together with storage and parking and lending
revenues, offset much but not all of the decline. As a reminder, Boardwalk has experienced contract
expirations and restructurings over the past few years related to pipelines placed into service 10 to 12
years ago. This recontracting activity essentially concluded by year-end 2019.

Boardwalk's increased asset base from its growth projects led to an increase in expenses, especially
higher depreciation and property taxes. Additionally, the expiration of property tax abatements contributed
to the year-over-year increase in expenses. Despite the COVID-19 pandemic and significant hurricane
activity along the Gulf Coast, Boardwalk's operations were minimally disrupted during the quarter, and the
overall financial impact was negligible. The hurricanes and resulting power disruptions did impact certain
customers, but the revenue impact of these disruptions on Boardwalk was immaterial.

Let me highlight that both CNA and Boardwalk took advantage of the robust fixed income market in Q3 to
raise money at attractive rates. Both companies issued $500 million of 10-year notes with CNA's yielding
2.08% and Boardwalk's 3.41%. Both deals were vastly oversubscribed and reflected investors' confidence
in their respective credits.

Jim already spoke about Loews Hotels, so I will be brief. The business reported a net loss of $47 million
in the quarter. Excluding unusual items, the net loss was $55 million. Adjusted EBITDA, which excludes
unusual items and includes Loews Hotels' pro rata share of EBITDA in JV properties, was a loss of $38
million.

Loews Hotels' management is focused on 2 interrelated objectives: one, reducing the cash flow drag; and
two, resuming operations judiciously and effectively. The company has aggressively reduced expenses,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

LOEWS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

rightsized its capital spend and worked with lenders to defer interest and principal paydowns. It is
reopening properties when management projects that doing so will improve cash flow.

As Jim mentioned, we believe that Loews Hotels turned the corner in Q2 and is on an upward trajectory.
The average monthly cash flow drag is well below the $25 million we estimated during our Q1 earnings
call. The exact timing of a return to profitability and positive operating cash flow, however, depends on the
overall travel environment. But we believe Loews Hotels properties, such as those in Orlando, Arlington,
Texas and Miami Beach, are especially well positioned to participate in the travel upswing that has already
begun.

Altium Packaging, which is included in Corporate and other, had another good quarter. Demand for
the company's products continue to be strong overall, higher on COVID-19-related product segments,
such as household chemicals, beverages and personal care and somewhat weaker in segments such as
automotive, commercial food service and school dairy.

Moreover, Envision, which is the company's recycling business, has been experiencing its best performance
since it was acquired by Altium in 2014. Driving this performance has been stronger demand for recycled
plastic, also known as post-consumer resin. Altium contributed a slight net loss despite its robust EBITDA.
I would highlight 3 factors depressing net income: one, significant depreciation and amortization expense
attributable to the company's recent acquisitions; two, accelerated amortization of the Consolidated
Container trade name, which will be fully amortized by the end of the year; and three, the effect of rising
resin prices in Q3.

Since there is a contractual lag in Altium's ability to pass through these costs to customers, the company
absorbed the cost in the quarter without recognizing the offsetting revenue. This lag is temporary and will
reverse as the costs are passed through to customers.

Altium's focus on new business is bearing fruit and should benefit results in future periods. The company
has been very successful over the past months in gaining new accounts by demonstrating reliability,
continued innovation and customer focus during this difficult COVID period.

Turning to the parent company. Pretax net investment income was $23 million, down from $36 million last
year and $110 million last quarter. The year-over-year and linked quarter declines were driven by returns
on equities and LP investments.

During Q3 2020, we received $90 million in dividends from CNA. We expect to receive dividends from both
CNA and Boardwalk during the fourth quarter. We repurchased 5.4 million shares of Loews common stock
during the quarter at an aggregate cost of $195 million. We purchased an additional 667,000 shares since
quarter end.

Loews ended the quarter with $3.5 billion in parent company cash investments with cash and equivalents
accounting for over 80% of the portfolio.

Let me now turn the call back to Mary.

Mary Skafidas
Vice President of IR & Corporate Communications
Great. Thank you, David. Let's move on to the Q&A section of the call. We have a number of questions to
respond to from shareholders.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

LOEWS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Question and Answer

Mary Skafidas
Vice President of IR & Corporate Communications

The first one is from -- for Jim. Jim, have you considered buying in the outstanding shares of CNA to take
advantage of the discount in the stock?

James S. Tisch
President, CEO & Director

So Loews has always believed that by having a public valuation marker for CNA, it's really important,
especially to our Loews shareholders. On a very rough basis, CNA comprises about half of the value of
Loews, with the other half being our net cash, the -- our assessment of the value of Boardwalk, of Altium
and our hotel business. But even beyond just being a marker, there are other reasons to keep CNA as a
public company. First, being public is important to attracting top talent.

The top executives want in -- top executives in any company want at least a portion of their compensation
to be based on the performance of the shares of their company. And by being public, CNA is to provide
that incentive to its top talent.

Secondly, and we think this is very important, the transparency that comes from being public is important
to CNA's regulators as well as to rating agencies. As everybody knows, I think that CNA trades at a
ridiculously low valuation and that the P&C industry stocks, likewise, traded a crazy valuation.

And finally, our share repurchases of Loews stock allows us to take advantage of the discount valuation
that CNA is trading at as well as the discount in Loews' shares for its non-CNA assets. That all adds up to
what we like to call a very significant double discount in our share repurchases.

Mary Skafidas
Vice President of IR & Corporate Communications

Great. Thank you, Jim. The next question has to do with the exceptional year for catastrophe losses in
the insurance business. Jim, would you please discuss how CNA and the insurance industry are managing
through these challenges?

James S. Tisch
President, CEO & Director

Well, Mary, you're certainly right. This has certainly been a banner year for cats and cat losses, and not
only for CNA, but for the industry overall. There have been only 4 quarters over the past 40 quarters
where CNA has experienced net cats coming in at or above $160 million. And 2 of those 4 quarters over
the past 10 years occurred in 2020.

At CNA, through the third quarter, our pretax cat losses were more than $530 million compared to just
$128 million last year. Even if you exclude the losses from COVID and from civil unrest, which were
roughly about, say, $250 million, CNA's year-to-date cat losses would still be running at more than twice
last year's level and, of course, well ahead of their plan.

But despite these really exceptional events and catastrophes, I'm impressed by how the P&C industry and
also CNA are managing through it all. If someone had told me in January that 2020 would be filled with
storms, fires, civil unrest and the pandemic, I would have told you that CNA would have a miserable year
as a result. However, despite this litany of events, CNA is still quite profitable with $400 million of core
income and $300 million of net income through the third quarter.

And it continues to find profitable avenues for growth. All the more so, thanks to the hard rate market
that the insurance industry is currently experiencing. Cat losses come with a territory in the property and
casualty industry. And we believe that CNA is effectively managing its cat exposure while also getting
strong rate increases on cat-exposed businesses.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

LOEWS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

So let me end this by adding one stray thought. The insurance industry hasn't always been financially
prudent. And this is the advantage of being associated with a particular industry for over 40 years. I have
a little historical perspective here. There were years back in the '70s, '80s and '90s when the industry did
not have true capital discipline, and they would write business at just about any price.

Today, the industry is reacting to catastrophic events and low interest rates by getting rate increases
where they are justified. In my view, this change is a result of an increased demand from equity investors
for profitability which has led to insurance management's increased focus on capital efficiency.

Mary Skafidas
Vice President of IR & Corporate Communications

Great. Thank you, Jim. Next question also has to do with CNA, focusing on CNA's long-term business. Jim,
could you tell us if you -- your assessment of CNA's long-term care business and the risks that it poses to
CNA and to Loews?

James S. Tisch
President, CEO & Director

Sure. As I said in my prepared remarks, CNA's long-term care exposure is likely the biggest reason why
CNA's valuation lags its peers. And as I also said, for the past 7 years, CNA has been actively managing its
long-term care book of business in order to reduce risk and also in order to optimize results.

Since 2015, CNA's exposure to long-term care has been materially reduced with a number of active
policies, declining by over 30%. And additionally, over the past few years, CNA has been able to further
reduce its risk profile of its long-term care block of business by achieving meaningful premium rate
increases and also offering policyholders attractive options to reduce benefits in return for reduced future
premiums.

Dino Robusto and Al Miralles, on their call today, focused on long-term care. And I suggest that everyone
review their remarks and look at the significant information on long-term care that's posted on CNA's
website.

Let me make 2 additional comments on the net reserve charge that CNA took in the third quarter. First,
and really very significantly, a $37 million net charge on a block this size is actually quite modest.

And secondly, the charge was attributable to the historically low level of interest rates that we're currently
experiencing. With these latest estimated changes going forward, CNA is assuming that a 10-year treasury
note will trade at slightly over 1% 3 years from now.

And likewise, in 2030, CNA is assuming that the 10-year note will yield, what historically is a paltry
2.75%. In my opinion, CNA is taking a very, very conservative view on future interest rates, which
hopefully means that they won't have to adjust for lower interest rates again going forward.

Mary Skafidas
Vice President of IR & Corporate Communications

Thank you, Jim. The next question also staying on the CNA topic. Does Loews expect to get a special
dividend from CNA?

James S. Tisch
President, CEO & Director

So we still have a quarter to go in 2020. So it's really too early to be making any specific comments about
whether or not CNA will pay us special dividend. It's been an extraordinary year for cat losses, that's for
sure. I can't speak for the CNA Board, which hasn't had a discussion yet about special dividends. And we
still have 4 months to go until the Board actually makes a decision on special dividends. So I guess we'll
just have to wait and see what happens.

Mary Skafidas
Vice President of IR & Corporate Communications

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

LOEWS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Okay. We're switching to Boardwalk. The shareholder would like to know our growth projects slowing in
the midstream space. Can you comment on that, Jim?

James S. Tisch
President, CEO & Director

Yes. From everything that Boardwalk is seeing, it's very likely that there will be a slowdown. In fact, I
would say we're in the middle of a slowdown for larger-scale projects because our customers are moving
out their final investment decisions. However, Boardwalk expects to continue seeing smaller growth
opportunities with power and industrial customers, primarily due to Boardwalk's pipeline's proximity to
some of our industrial gas customers.

Mary Skafidas
Vice President of IR & Corporate Communications

The next question is for David. David, there have been several recent bankruptcies of exploration
production companies. Can you please comment on the financial strength of Boardwalk's customers?

David B. Edelson
Senior VP & CFO

Sure, Mary. Thanks. Over the past several years, Boardwalk has focused on diversifying its customer base
to include more end users, such as power plants, industrial customers and LNG off-takers, a strategy
that proved beneficial this year. By diversifying in this way, Boardwalk has been able to strengthen the
overall credit profile of its customer base. More than 70% of Boardwalk's revenue backlog is derived from
investment-grade companies. And Boardwalk has letters of credit or other types of collateral from some
of its customers that are not investment-grade or are unrated, which provide an additional measure of
security.

In 2020, in this year, one of Boardwalk's customers declared bankruptcy and another seems to be on
the verge. Because of the credit protections in place for these customers, and importantly, the ability to
remarket any return capacity, these bankruptcies will not have a material financial impact on the company.

Stepping back, since the pandemic hit in mid-March, Boardwalk has maintained uninterrupted service
to its customers while simultaneously taking measures to ensure the safety of its employees and its
operations. At the end of the third quarter, Boardwalk had well over $9 billion in contracted revenues, with
over $600 million of net new contracts added to backlog during 2020.

Mary Skafidas
Vice President of IR & Corporate Communications

Great. We have another question for our CFO. David, can you provide an update on the cash needs of
Loews Hotels?

David B. Edelson
Senior VP & CFO

Absolutely. And Jim already commented on it, but let me just provide a little more detail. When Loews
Hotels suspended operations at almost all its properties in the early spring, we estimated that negative
cash flow would average around $25 million per month. We went on to say that management would
reopen a property if doing so was expected to improve that property's cash flow.

Loews Hotels has responded to the pandemic-induced sudden downturn by transforming its operating
model, including dramatically reducing property level and management company expenses. As we all
know, properties began coming back online during the second quarter. 13 properties resumed operations
during Q2, another 6 during Q3 and 1 more hotel last week.

As anticipated, Loews Hotels' cash flow has improved as properties have resumed operations. Expenses
have been managed aggressively and capital spending has been rightsized for the current environment.
While the company continues to generate negative cash flow, it is significantly less than the $25 million

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

LOEWS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

per month cited in April. I'd be remiss in not mentioning how difficult the past 8 months have been for
Loews Hotels' team members. Thousands of employees were furloughed when the pandemic struck and
less than half of the furlough team members have returned to active duty.

Early on, Loews Hotels put programs in place to assist its affected team members, including a multimillion-
dollar relief fund as well as continuing to provide medical insurance for furloughed employees for several
months. Additionally, Loews Hotels has instituted enhanced safety and wellbeing standards and protocols
for team members and guests.

And as a reminder, in solidarity with all Loews Hotels' team members being financially impacted by this
crisis, all 3 members of our office of the President, Jim, John and Andrew Tisch, reduced their salaries by
50% as of April 1 and their bonuses by 50% for the entire year. Back to you, Mary.

Mary Skafidas
Vice President of IR & Corporate Communications

Thank you, David. Staying with Loews Hotels. Jim, this next question is for you. Is Loews Hotels looking to
buy or sell any hotels? And how has COVID impacted its development projects?

James S. Tisch
President, CEO & Director

So first, let me talk about Loews Hotels' long-term growth strategy. The company, as we've said before,
is focused on growth in 2 ways: The first one, by investing in and developing hotels with built-in demand
drivers like it has done so successfully with Universal Studios and also in Arlington, Texas. And secondly,
the company is focused on developing and operating hotels for the group business.

While the hotel recovery is currently powered by leisure travel, we really do believe that the corporate
travel along with meetings and events will come back as the pandemic wanes. But before the pandemic
hit, Loews Hotels had begun to evaluate their portfolio and to sell a few hotels that didn't align with the
current growth strategy, and they continue to do so opportunistically, including one hotel that was sold
earlier this year in Canada.

At the start of this year, Loews Hotels had 3 projects under development and scheduled for opening this
week -- this year. Two of those hotels, the Live by Loews in St. Louis and the Loews Kansas City Hotel
have already opened, and the hotels are doing just fine in light of the current environment for hotels.

The third hotel under development is the 1,000-room Endless Summer Dockside Inn and Suites, which
is located in Universal's Orlando Theme Park. This property is in the final stage of development, and its
opening date will be announced very soon. The hotel will be our eighth hotel on the Universal campus
and will bring our Universal room count to nearly 9,000 rooms or just about half of the total rooms in the
Loews Hotels system.

Loews Hotels, they continue to remain focused on its strategy of developing hotels in markets that have
unique built-in demand generators and potential for group business.

Mary Skafidas
Vice President of IR & Corporate Communications

Thank you, Jim. The next one is for you as well. Can you please comment on when you expect to see the
hotel industry recover from the effects of the pandemic? Would Loews Hotels' as recovery lead or lag the
industry's recovery?

James S. Tisch
President, CEO & Director

I'm reminded of the old saying, he who lives by the crystal ball must learn to eat ground glass, but I'll
sally forth anyway. Industry analysts believe that a full recovery is anywhere from 2 to 5 years in the
future. But the truth is a recovery in hospitality is highly dependent upon how and when the pandemic is

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

LOEWS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

contained. At the end of the third quarter, as we said before, Loews Hotels had 21 hotels that had already
resumed operations.

While there's been a steady increase in demand, occupancy rates still remain considerably below historic
norms. That's really important. Occupancy rates are still below historic norms. The recovery is currently
being led by leisure business and more than half of Loews Hotels assets fit well into that category, such as
our properties on the Universal Orlando campus.

As well as other assets like the Loews Miami Beach Hotel and the Live by Loews in Arlington, Texas, which
just hosted the world series, we're seeing, in fact, a lot more driving business than we've really ever seen
before. Urban center properties are still lagging due to a reduction in corporate travel, but we believe
that Loews Hotels properties with unique demand generators will recover more quickly than our urban
properties.

Mary Skafidas
Vice President of IR & Corporate Communications

Okay. Thank you, Jim. And our last question is for David. David, how has COVID-19 affected your
packaging business, Altium? Can you please give us an update?

David B. Edelson
Senior VP & CFO

Sure. I mentioned this in my remarks, but let me go over it again. Demand for the company's products
has been strong overall. There are certain products that benefited from COVID actually, product segments
such as household chemicals, beverages and personal care. And there are others that were somewhat
weakened by COVID. Those would include automotive, commercial, food service and school dairy,
although I would point out that the weaker segments began to rebound in the third quarter.

Two bright spots this year for Altium are Envision, the company's recycling business, and Altium
Healthcare, a business created from recent acquisitions that diversifies Altium into the growing
pharmaceutical packaging market.

And as I mentioned earlier, Envision has been experiencing its best performance since 2014. And as for
Altium Healthcare, it's exceeding expectations due to strong synergies as well as continued progress on
operational efficiencies and other savings initiatives. As a result, Altium Healthcare is ahead of plan for the
year despite COVID-19.

So I would say net-net, the company's overall results are running modestly above plan, a plan that was
finalized prepandemic. And I would go on to say that commercially, Altium's new business efforts have
been very successful over the past few months.

I think the company is winning new accounts by differentiating itself by demonstrating reliability,
continued innovation and customer focus during this difficult COVID period. So we hope that this focus on
new business and the new business wins should benefit financial results in future periods. Back to you,
Mary.

Mary Skafidas
Vice President of IR & Corporate Communications

Thanks, David. Thank you, David and Jim. This concludes the Loews call. As always, thanks to all of
you for your continued interest. Please feel free to reach out to me with any additional questions at
mskafidas@loews.com. A replay will be available on our website, loews.com, in approximately 2 hours.

Laurie, over to you to end the call.

Operator
Thank you for participating in the Loews Corporation Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. You
may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

LOEWS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

