Lennar Corporation NYSE:LEN
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, March 17, 2021 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.74

2.04

Revenue  (mm)

5248.39

5325.47

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Mar-17-2021 11:16 AM GMT

17.24

1.47

2.27

9.61

10.62

6395.32

26527.10

28217.57

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.22

1.58

2.36

1.74

1.65

2.12

2.82

2.04

35.25 %

34.18 %

19.49 %

17.24 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

14

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
LENNAR CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Alexandra Lumpkin
Associate General Counsel

Bruce E. Gross
Chief Executive Officer of Lennar
Financial Services

Diane J. Bessette
VP, CFO & Treasurer

Jonathan M. Jaffe
Co-CEO, Co-President & Director

Richard Beckwitt
Co-CEO, Co-President & Director

Stuart A. Miller
Executive Chairman

ANALYSTS

Alan S. Ratner
Zelman & Associates LLC

Buck Horne
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Carl Edwin Reichardt
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

Michael Jason Rehaut
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Stephen Kim
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Truman Andrew Patterson
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to Lennar's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is
being recorded. If you any objections, you may disconnect at this time.

I would now like to turn the call over to Alexandra Lumpkin for the reading of the forward-looking
statement.

Alexandra Lumpkin
Associate General Counsel

Thank you, and good morning. Today's conference call may include forward-looking statements, including
statements regarding Lennar's business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, strategies
and prospects. Forward-looking statements represent only Lennar's estimates on the date of this
conference call and are not intended to give any assurance as to actual future results. Because forward-
looking statements relate to matters that have not yet occurred, these statements are inherently subject
to risks and uncertainties. Many factors could affect future results and may cause Lennar's actual activities
or results to differ materially from the activities and results anticipated in forward-looking statements.
These factors include those described in yesterday's press release and our SEC filings, including those
under the caption, Risk Factors, contained in Lennar's annual report on Form 10-K most recently filed with
the SEC. Please note that Lennar assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements.

Operator

I would now like to introduce your host, Mr. Stuart Miller, Executive Chairman. Sir, you may begin.

Stuart A. Miller
Executive Chairman

Great, and good morning, and thank you, everyone. This morning, I'm here in Miami. As the world is
seemingly beginning to normalize, with the scaled down and still socially distance crew, that includes
Diane Bessette, our Chief Financial Officer; David Collins, our now Vice President and Controller; Bruce
Gross, CEO of Lennar Financial Services; and of course, Alex, who you just heard from; Rick Beckwitt,
our Chief -- Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-President, who's in Colorado; and Jon Jaffe, our Co-Chief
Executive Officer and Co-President, is in California. And they're on the line this morning as well.

So today, we have a lot of ground to cover. I'll give a macro and strategic Lennar overview. Rick will
talk about market strength, land and community count, and Jon will update supply chain, production
and construction costs. And as usual, Diane will give the detailed financial information, highlights and
additional guidance. Then we'll attempt to answer as many of your questions as possible. [Operator
Instructions]

So from a macro perspective, the housing market remains strong. Demand has continued to strengthen
as the millennial generation, which had previously postponed its entry into the housing market, has
now continued to drive family formation, while at the same time, the supply of new and existing homes
remains constrained. Even though interest rates have moved higher, at the same time that home prices
have moved higher, overall affordability remains strong. Interest rates are still lower than they were a year
ago and personal savings for deposits are strengthening.

Many American families have fortified savings, as vacations and recreational activities have been
canceled or postponed, and stimulus money from the government continues to fill the remaining gaps.
The American dream of homeownership is an essential aspiration of the American population and the
seemingly imminent resolution of the pandemic is not slowing the growing demand.

Apartment dwellers can today afford a first-time home, and demand is strong and growing. Yesterday's
first-time homes are selling quickly, end at higher prices, enabling first-time move ups. The market for

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2021

yesterday's move-up home is strong and enabling customers to consider and purchase a larger home with
a larger yard, with an office, a nicer kitchen and a new set of necessary spaces for an evolving market.

Also, the iBuyer and single-family for rent participants are providing additional liquidity to the marketplace
to sell and purchase homes as they evolve and provide ever more frictionless transactions. The
underproduction of homes for the past 10 years has created a housing shortage. And with strong demand,
home prices are moving higher.

Although this reality is exacerbating the well-documented affordability crisis across the country, as
workforce housing is limited and getting more expensive, the solution it seems will be in the growing
supply by -- will be in growing supply by building more housing.

Current conditions have given rise to strong pricing power, strong, though controlled sales pace, certainly,
labor and material increases, very strong gross margins and even stronger net margins and, of course, the
challenge of land scarcity.

In the context of overall market conditions, Lennar's first quarter results reflect the intersection of our
clearly stated strategic focus with excellent operational performance. Let me connect the dots. We have
stated consistently that we would remain focused on orderly, targeted growth and maintain our sales
pace tightly matched with our space of production. We actively managed growth at the top line in favor
of even greater growth at the bottom line. We focused on gross margin by harvesting pricing power and
controlling costs, while building a better mousetrap, as I've called it, in order to reduce our SG&A.

We have focused on cash flow, debt reduction and stock buyback, land owned versus controlled, return on
capital and on equity and, of course, innovative technologies. All of this strategic focus shows through in
our first quarter results.

We grew our deliveries 19% year-over-year and grew revenues 18%, which drove a pretax income
before extraordinary items to an increase of 95% year-over-year and an after-tax, pre-extraordinary
items income and EPS increase of 61%. To achieve this, we've controlled sales pace and matched it with
production. And while some have questioned our controlled and managed sales pace, the virtue of that
strategy has been borne out by our 25% first quarter gross margin versus 20.5% last year.

At the same time, we've remained focused on improving our operating efficiency, driving our SG&A down
to a first quarter all-time low of 8.4% versus 9.2% last year and driving our net margin to 16.6% this year
versus 11.4% last year.

Alongside our homebuilding operations, our Financial Services group has continued to exceed all
expectations as well. While some of the remarkable $146 million of earnings contribution from this
segment is capital markets driven in today's market environment, much of the consistent performance
beat from this group continues to be driven by constant work and rework of the cost structure. Lennar
Financial Services continues to be a leader in the drive to create a better experience for our customers at
a lower cost to transact.

While operations have performed extremely well, we have also further improved our balance sheet. Rick
will discuss our land program and our single-family for rent program, which will -- which have -- which
continue to drive balance sheet improvements. And just as you've seen dramatic improvement in other
facets of our business, just-in-time delivery of land and just-in-time delivery of completed homes enables
us to be laser-focused on our inventory turn, and we'll be reporting on progress in that area in coming
quarters.

Of course, all of our work has strategically focused attention on our returns on equity and returns on
capital, which have improved year-over-year by 470 and 420 basis points, respectively, and Diane will give
more detail and our guidance in her comments.

So moving on. In addition to the solid operating performance that we reported this quarter, we also had an
extraordinary item of note. We have been talking about the strength of our LENx technology platform. And
this quarter, LENx requires some additional discussion.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2021

Let me start by noting the remarkable contribution of Eric Feder and his team, led by Sana Khan and
Christian Falk, at LENx. We have learned from scratch how to be a constructive strategic investor in
disruptive or adaptive technology companies through trial and error, together with study and engagement,
and we have learned quite a lot. This group has learned how to balance both the tip of the spear and
engaging best-of-breed entrepreneurs and innovators, and the soft touch required to engage and bridge
change management, together with our operating leaders within the company. Great work, team.

With that said, last quarter, we daylighted that Opendoor, one of our many LENx technology business
investments, would begin trading as a public company and would require mark-to-market gain
recognition. Accordingly, Opendoor is now a public company, and we recorded a $470 million profit as a
result.

While this gain is extraordinary, relative to our operating platform, it is not a onetime event for the
company. Through LENx, we have invested in a number of high-quality technology businesses that are
changing the way business is transacted in our company and in the housing business, in general. Two
more of our LENx investment companies, Doma, previously known as States Title, and Hippo home
insurance have both announced pending spec combinations. Additionally, as we have recently announced,
our SunStreet solar power company will be acquired by Sunnova Energy.

Given our ownership interest in these companies, and understanding that we might or might not qualify
for mark-to-market accounting treatment, we are conservatively estimating an economic gain in excess of
$1 billion from these companies. Additionally, we believe that other companies in our technology portfolio
will mature over time as well.

While some has questioned the heat in the technology market space, our LENx investments are not driven
by the onetime gains that might capture attention. Instead, our LENx investments are focused on best-
of-breed management teams that are building solutions to important problems that are adjacent to our
core homebuilding and financial services businesses. These companies, their solutions and their form
of execution, are models for us to learn, participate with and reengineer our own operating platform for
improved performance.

Our investment focus prioritizes the return to our operating platform over our outsized return on our
investment. Although the gains can be sizable and positively impact our earnings and balance sheet,
they are, more importantly, indicative of the maturity and relevance of the underlying management and
business. And while they are subject to the up and down fluctuations of stock market movements, the
part of our investment that is not subject to market fluctuations is the permanent impact to our operating
platform and company performance. Each of these companies have meaningfully impacted our core
operating platform.

Let me give some examples. Opendoor pioneered the iBuyer space. We invested and participated in
molding and evolving this business. We learned that the iBuyer space can reshape the entire home
transaction, especially a move-up transaction.

As this solution continues to evolve and mature, the iBuyer sale will become an industry standard as
seamless, trustworthy and timed for the customer's convenience becomes an expected way of transacting
in the homebuying world.

For Lennar, Opendoor ignited an internal digital marketing transformation that altered our entire customer
acquisition and engagement. We both learned from them, and then began to teach ourselves. We
changed. And as a direct result, we significantly reduced SG&A by reducing selling, marketing and outside
realtor costs and enabling better coordinated closings for us and for our purchasers.

Doma, formerly States Title, is pioneering the instant digital home and mortgage closing. The conventional
process of title insurance underwriting and traditional escrow closing is confusing to the customer, time-
consuming for lenders and time-consuming for lenders, builders and customers alike. Doma is simply
working to reduce a 14-day work stream to 14 minutes. By eliminating the traditional process, a buyer
dashboard and seamless customer interface will affect an instant closing with one-tap convenience. This

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2021

eliminates time and risk for the lenders, reduces complexity for the customer, and reduces cost for all
parties involved.

Lennar became a shareholder in Doma by selling our retail title business for debt and equity in the
company. Lennar's retail platform and title underwriter became a springboard for Doma's growth and
evolution. For Lennar, we simplified, allowing our team to focus all of their attention on just our captive
business. Our operation and overall operating costs will reduce significantly, helping to drive Lennar
Financial Services bottom line.

Hippo Insurance has pioneered an instant and personalized home insurance product. Home insurance
historically has required a detailed application process that resulted in a one-size-fits-all overly expensive
insurance policy. Hippo uses Big Data and technology to gather detailed information on each home, deliver
a refined policy at a lower cost and with coverage for what matters most to the customer.

The process is simple and frictionless. Lennar invested in Hippo by joint venturing our captive home
insurance agency and investing additional dollars over time. This investment enabled us to participate in
the development of the Hippo product for the new home market, add design elements to the home, like
Security by Ring and Flo by Moen water shutoff valve, that lowers home insurance rates and design the
engagement for the new homebuyer.

Today, Hippo underwrites every Lennar home before the purchase. Our customer simply opts in to
hear from Hippo, and they will get an immediate quote. Hippo has already done all the work, Lennar
participates in the agency with no overhead, and thus simplifying Lennar Financial Services once again and
enhancing our bottom line.

Finally, we have recently announced that we will sell our SunStreet solar operations to Sunnova in
exchange for stock in the company. We built the SunStreet platform to install solar panels on every Lennar
home in certain markets where it was feasible. We built a blue-chip team that excels at installation for
production of new homes as opposed to retrofit. The SunStreet platform is readily expandable, and we
expect Sunnova will effectively grow that business.

Lennar will benefit by simplifying our business and partnering with Sunnova to take standard solar
installations and turn communities into microgrids with battery storage generators and advanced arbitrage
technology. We expect to develop next-generation energy solution for new homes and communities that
will solve the problem of power outages and electric grid deficiencies for new communities. We look
forward to working with the Sunnova team who specializes in this space to solve the critical problem of
energy generation and distribution in an environmentally efficient manner.

Simply put, Lennar is a very different company. We are no longer just a homebuilding company with
technology operating in the background, we are now a focused technology-aware and technology-engaged
homebuilder that incorporates effective and new technology solutions to enhance our core operations and
our product offering. We invest in technology companies and professionals. We work alongside them to
develop products for our industry. We incorporate new ways of doing business, and we profit as well by
investing in world-class innovators and entrepreneurs that help illuminate our path forward.

To the investor world, we would not make the case that a higher EPS from nonoperating income, or loss
for that matter, should be used with our multiple to value our company. But instead, I would make the
case and will make the case over time. For multiple expansion, as our focus on cash flow and returns,
together with an improving operating platform with embedded upside from strategic investments, merits
consideration.

Now before I turn over to Rick, let me briefly turn to our ancillary business decisions and our drive to focus
on our core homebuilding and financial services businesses. We have continued to drive and grow our
excellent ancillary business divisions, and they continue to mature, but being simpler enables us to focus
on our core business units ever more.

As noted in past conference calls, we have been working on strategies to better position our multifamily
business, called LMC, along with our now maturing SFR, or single-family for rent, business, that Rick will
talk about in a minute. Additionally, we have a dynamic and growing land program and land management

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2021

business. We have also LMF, Lennar Mortgage Finance, our commercial mortgage business, another
excellent business. And finally, we have a growing technology investment business, which is part of LENx.

We've concluded that the best way to enhance corporate value is to have Lennar stand-alone as a pure-
play homebuilder and financial services company and to enable these blue-chip businesses to thrive
and excel independently. Therefore, we are working to construct a tax-free spin-off of all or parts of
these ongoing businesses in a unified company. This spinco may contain all or part of the assets of these
businesses, together with certain land assets and programs as well as part of our LENx investment
business.

The expected size of the spun enterprise would be between $3 billion and $5 billion in asset base, with
no debt, which our balance sheet can comfortably accommodate. The remaining Lennar would see almost
no loss of operating income from the spin-off, and we'll continue to have a very liquid balance sheet. This
stand-alone company would ultimately drive income from significant asset management fees.

The spinco will be focused on building an active asset management business that raises third-party capital
to support ongoing business verticals included -- including land development. The company will become an
active asset and property management company. The backbone for the company will be LMC's operating
platform, together with the LNV structures.

This resolution is no longer a long-term strategy, but is immediate. As we focus on driving higher returns
with less noise in our numbers from lumpy profits and losses, which will increase visibility for the capital
markets into our core operation. Expect to hear a lot more about the spin over the next quarters as our
thinking matures.

Today, we can only give a brief sketch of the future of this program. I know you will thirst for more detail,
but we're not in a position to give it at this time. But we did feel that it was time to share our thinking with
the investment world as we work to fill out the detail and build a new company.

So in conclusion, let me say that our results and our expectations for the year are solid in all respects, and
they reflect our focused strategy to balance growth and drive bottom line margin, cash flow and returns.
But complementing our business performance, we continue to be -- to focus on our broader mission of
making the world around us even better.

Whether it's with our social focus on extending homeownership to a broader social and economic array of
customers with our emerging single-family for rent program, which Rick will discuss shortly, or our $1,000
per home that we contribute to our Lennar Foundation for social, health and educational programs across
the country or our solar initiative for better and more sustainable energy for our homes, we are positioned
to do well, but always focused on doing good.

At Lennar, we have never been better positioned financially, organizationally, culturally and technologically
to thrive and grow in this evolving and exciting housing market.

With that, let me turn over to Rick.

Richard Beckwitt
Co-CEO, Co-President & Director

Thanks, Stuart. As you can tell from Stuart's opening comments, the housing market is very strong. Our
team is extremely well coordinated, and our financial results continue to benefit from a solid execution of
our core operating strategies.

Key to that has been running a finely tuned homebuilding machine, where we carefully match
homebuilding starts with sales on a community-by-community basis. In this environment, it makes no
sense to sell too far out ahead because you lose the ability to offset potential cost increases with sales
price increases.

Our first quarter results prove out the success of this strategy. In the quarter, both new orders and starts
were up 26% over the prior year, enabling an orderly construction program and a just-in-time delivery

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2021

of completed homes. This sales and production-focused program allowed us to drive a 450 basis point
improvement in our gross margins year-over-year, with strong results in each month of the quarter.

In the first quarter, new orders, deliveries, gross margins were up strongly in each of our operating
regions. In addition, we saw strength in all product categories, from entry-level, to move-up, to our active
adult communities. The strength of the market was also reflected in a historically low cancellation rate,
which was 9.6% in the quarter, down 450 basis points from last year.

This is additional evidence that buyers have the required down payment and mortgage qualifications to
purchase a new home, and they have little desire to risk canceling their new home purchase due to the
risk of rising sales prices.

As Stuart mentioned, technology-driven innovation and a focus on process has significantly lowered our
SG&A. This has been reflected in each of our operating regions with net margins up across the board in
every region.

Now I'd like to spend a few moments talking about growth and community count. As expected, our
community count at the end of the first quarter was down 8% from the prior year. Notwithstanding the 8%
decline, we achieved a 26% increase in new orders in the first quarter, driven by a 45% increase in sales
per community. While part of the increase in absorption pace was driven by improved market conditions,
part of it was due to the fact that we have been targeting larger, higher-volume entry-level communities
that can deliver more homes per month than smaller communities.

In the next several quarters, our growth will continue to come from an overall higher absorption phase as
well as an increase in community count, and we are still on track to increase our active communities by
about 10% in fiscal 2021, with the increase coming in the back half of the year.

While we continue to be focused on our community count, we are intensely focused on replacing our
existing communities with larger, higher volume communities as this allows us to better leverage our
overhead, improve our bottom line and increase our returns and cash flow.

As I've mentioned on prior calls, improving our returns on capital and reducing our balance sheet -- our
on-balance sheet investment in land is a top priority. With that in mind, we have been laser-focused on
increasing our percentage of option homesites and reducing our year supply of owned home sites, all while
increasing our overall homesite supply.

During the first quarter, we made significant process on all of these fronts, as our controlled homesite
percentage increased 1,400 basis points year-over-year and 600 basis points sequentially to end the first
quarter at 45%. In addition, our years owned supply of homesites dropped to 3.4 years from 4 years in
the year ago period and 3.5 years sequentially. Most importantly, we increased our total controlled and
owned homesites by approximately 37,000 homesites in the quarter, with approximately 95% of these
being optioned or controlled homesites. Based on this progress, we are in excellent position to achieve our
goals of 50% controlled homesites and a 3-year owned supply by the end of fiscal 2021.

These improvements reflect the strength of our relationships with local developers and other strategic
partners. We've been building a just-in-time delivery system for our land inventory, that we believe
is sustainable throughout the cycles. We've created relationships with developers and investors with
appetites for different duration of risk for land, and have matched that duration risk with appropriate
risk-adjusted returns. These short-term land and long-term land programs will allow us to continue to
strengthen our balance sheet, while generating strong margins and increased returns on capital.

Consistent with our land-light strategy and a focus on increased profitability and returns, we are excited
to expand our business through the creation of a first-of-its-kind, single-family rental platform that will
facilitate a better time delivery of our homes with reduced cycle times. Following this earnings call, we will
formally announce the formation of the Upward America Venture. This business will initially be capitalized
with a total equity commitment of $1.25 billion, led by Centerbridge Partners, alongside Allianz Real Estate
and other high-quality institutional investors.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2021

Including leverage, the venture will be positioned to acquire over $4 billion of new single-family homes
and townhomes from Lennar. We expect Lennar's peak capital investment to be $50 million in the Upward
America Venture. This venture is uniquely positioned to quickly scale, given its direct access to Lennar's
pipeline of both purpose-built single-family communities and scattered single-family homes, that meet the
venture's investment criteria. The initial pipeline of purpose-built communities for this venture includes
approximately 3,000 homes in 27 communities, with a total purchase price of approximately $900 million.

Like our multifamily build to core business, this platform will be asset managed by Lennar, with third-party
equity and debt on the assets in an asset-light program for Lennar. As housing needs and demographics
continue to evolve, we believe that the single-family rental sector will continue to outperform.

In addition, the Upward America Venture continues Lennar's vision of becoming an ESG-driven
homebuilding company by making our high-quality homes not only available for sale but also for rent,
with the portion of the homes available with a rent-to-own option. The vehicle's social focus provides a
unique opportunity for family and individuals across the country to live in brand-new Lennar homes, at an
attainable price point, all without putting up a down payment. Given this, we have a distinct opportunity to
create upward mobility in the housing market through this initiative.

Now I'd like to turn it over to Jon.

Jonathan M. Jaffe
Co-CEO, Co-President & Director

Thank you, Rick, and good morning, everyone. As Rick and Stuart noted, matching sales pace with
our production pace has been our consistent strategic focus that has enabled us to drive excellent
performance. By pairing production and sales, we've maximized margins and driven bottom line
profitability.

In the current environment, we could have easily generated more sales, but our view has been and
remains that the key to success in this market is all about managing the supply chain and production. I'd
like to briefly describe our strategy, performance and expectations for production and construction costs
in order to shed some light on how this strategy has been central to our accomplishments this quarter and
how it will impact the balance of 2021.

First, let me share with you some statistics from our first quarter. Our total construction cost per square
foot was down 0.7% in Q1 year-over-year, but up 1.9% sequentially from the fourth quarter. In the first
quarter, lumber costs increased about $1 per square foot or $2,300 per home, both year-over-year and
sequentially. These cost increases were more than offset by other cost decreases year-over-year, but not
sequentially, resulting in the overall year-over-year cost decline and sequential cost increase.

Year-over-year, our construction cost, as a percent of average sales price, decreased from 45% to 42%
and remained flat sequentially as our pricing power, driven by our controlled sales pace, offset cost
increases seen in our first quarter deliveries.

Let me take a moment to discuss the situation of lumber and other supply chain challenges. As we all
know, lumber is the largest component -- largest cost component of new home construction. It is well
documented that the cost of lumber is at all-time high, and supply is limited and demand is high. We will
see additional cost increases from lumber throughout the year, with increases from today's all-time high
lumber pricing starting with Q3 deliveries.

Given the unprecedented pricing levels we've seen, it's challenging to predict how lumber prices will
trend. But we're encouraged by the additional OSB capacity currently coming online, and the lumber
future market indicating some relief. The overall production environment today is defined by a supply
chain limited to no excess inventory. Normally, the manufacturers that supply our industry carry 30 to 60
days of inventory and are able to adjust distribution to meet varying demand. However, due to COVID-19
disruptions and manufacturing facilities in the U.S., Mexico and overseas in 2020, that capacity has, at
best, dramatically reduced and at worst, eliminated. At the same time, demand has increased from both
new home construction and big box retailers.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2021

This situation makes the supply chain particularly vulnerable to further disruptions, such as the deep
freeze that shut Texas last month. That storm shut down the plants that manufacture MDI and poly-based
resins, impacting the manufacturing of OSB, paint, insulation, refrigerators and other products. We're
working closely with all of these effective manufacturers to ensure that we have the products we need
being delivered to our jobsites as we need them.

To manage for these disruptions in the supply chain of materials as well as to be the builder of choice
in a continually constrained labor market, we employ the following strategies and processes. First, we
remain disciplined about our Everything's Included approach, which simplifies the entire building process
for our trades. We shared data by providing frequent forecast an open purchase order information. We
simplified by rationalizing SKUs across multiple categories. We access alternative supply chain solutions
and aggressively prebuy materials as needed. Most importantly, we communicate.

Our trade partners are well in advance of our upcoming production needs. Our divisions know the
extended manufacturing lead times in real time and our national supply chain team, led by Kemp Gillis,
together with our retail purchasing VPs, are in constant communication with each other, our divisions and
all of our trade partners.

I would best describe the production environment as challenged, but manageable. In the first quarter,
we saw a mild increase in our cycle time as we dealt with resolving issues as they presented themselves.
And through our strong supply chain partnerships, we were largely able to overcome supply constraints.
Our highest volume partners have given us expanded lead times, which we were able to accommodate
due to our production first model, where our needs are forecasted several quarters out. We believe we're
well positioned with our disciplined and production first process to continue to manage through new
challenges as they present themselves. Our focus on these processes is why we are comfortable affirming
our deliveries for the year.

However, this environment is not easily stressed to allow for an increase in deliveries. So our focus is on
maintaining our planned starts, deliveries and maximizing margins.

In conclusion, Lennar's strategy of a managed approach to production and sales pace produced great
results in our first quarter. As we look to the balance of the year, we're confident that our gross margins
will remain around 25% and will drive our SG&A lower, producing higher net margins and a stronger
bottom line, while maintaining our planned volume.

And now I'll turn it over to Diane.

Diane J. Bessette
VP, CFO & Treasurer

Thank you, Jon, and good morning, everyone. Although you've heard some of our financial results from
Stuart, Rick and Jon, I'll begin by recapping certain of our 2021 highlights, and then provide detailed
guidance for Q2 2021 and high-level guidance for fiscal year 2021.

So we'll start with homebuilding. For new orders, we ended the quarter with new orders of 15,570, a
26% increase year-over-year. While this was the highest new order total for a quarter in our history, we
continued to be focused on production first, matching sales and starts.

In the first quarter, our starts were 15,982, also up 26% year-over-year. From a pace standpoint, our
monthly sales pace was 4.5 for the quarter, matching our monthly start pace of 4.6 for the quarter. We
ended the quarter with 22,077 homes in backlog, with a dollar value of $9.5 billion and ended with 1,162
active communities. Our cancellation rate was about 10%.

For the quarter, deliveries totaled 12,314, up 19% year-over-year. Our gross margin was 25%, up 450
basis points from the prior year. This increase was primarily driven by a continued focus on attaining price
increases, while controlling and matching cost increases.

In addition, we also had lower interest expense per home as a result of our continued pay downs of senior
notes in the past several years and lower field expense per home due to a higher delivery line. Our SG&A

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2021

was 8.4%, down 80 basis points from the prior year. This improvement is primarily a result of our intense
focus on incorporating technology to gain efficiencies across our homebuilding platform.

Our net margin for the quarter was 16.6%, the highest first quarter net margin ever achieved. Our
Financial Services team also executed at high levels, reporting $146 million of operating earnings.
Mortgage operating earnings increased to $100 million compared to $41 million in the prior year. Mortgage
earnings benefited primarily from an increase in volume and lower cost per loan, combined with an
increase in secondary margins.

Total operating earnings was $31 million compared to $10 million in the prior year. Total earnings
increased primarily due to an increase in volume. We also started to realize upside from our strategic
technology investments in our Lennar Other segment. As Stuart mentioned, during the quarter, we
recorded a $470 million mark-to-market gain on our Opendoor investment as a result of the company
going public in December. The gain was based on Opendoor's stock price at the end of our first quarter,
which was 2,802. This investment will be mark-to-market at each quarter end based on Opendoor's stock
price at that time.

I also want to mention that we have a new line item on our P&L, titled, Charitable Foundation
Contribution, which is the contribution to our Lennar Foundation. Previously, our annual contribution to the
foundation was 1% of net income. Beginning with this year, 2021, we will be increasing our contribution to
$1,000 per home delivery.

And so just for a bit of perspective, using fiscal 2020 numbers, our net income last year was about $2.5
billion, which resulted in a contribution of about $25 million. If we had contributed at $1,000 per home
level, our contribution would have been about $53 million. So the increase is significant, and we are very
pleased and very proud to be able to give back even more to our communities, doing good while we do
well.

And then turning to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $2.4 billion of cash and no borrowings
outstanding on our $2.5 billion revolving credit facility. We continue to focus on our strategy to become
asset lighter by developing a just-in-time delivery system for land and homes, improving returns and
generating increased homebuilding cash flow. At quarter end, we owned 189,000 homesites and controlled
154,000 homesites. This resulted in our year supply owned, decreasing to 3.4 years from 4.0 years in the
prior year, and our homesites controlled increasing to 45% from 31% in the prior year. We continue to
make progress, as Rick mentioned, in reaching our goal of 3-year supply owned and 50% of homesites
controlled by the end of the year.

During the quarter, we repurchased a small amount of shares, 510,000, for a total of 43 million. At quarter
end, our homebuilding debt to total cap was 24%, down from 33.6% in the prior year.

And just a few final points on our balance sheet. Our stockholders' equity increased to approximately $19
billion from $16 billion in Q1 of the prior year. And our book value per share increased to $60.30 from
$51.39 in the prior year.

And finally, just a few weeks ago, we were upgraded by Fitch to BBB flat from BBB-. This upgrade follows
the upgrade to investment-grade from Moody's that we received last November. We are quite pleased with
the rating agency advances that we have achieved in recent months.

So in summary, our balance sheet is very strong. This balance sheet enables us to execute a spinoff. And
even after that transaction, we will have a rock-solid balance sheet.

And with that brief overview, let's turn to guidance. I'll first provide detailed guidance for the second
quarter, and then some high-level guidance for the fiscal year. So we'll start with homebuilding.

We expect Q2 new orders to be in the range of 16,500 to 16,700 homes, and our Q2 deliveries will be
in the range of 14,200 to 14,400 homes. Our Q2 average sales price should be around $405,000. As we
mentioned, we expect to maintain our gross margin at about 25% for Q2, despite rising material and labor
costs. We expect our Q2 SG&A to be in the range of 7.9% to 8%, as we continue to focus on benefiting
from technology efficiencies.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2021

And for the combined category of homebuilding joint venture, land sales and other, we expect a Q2 loss
in the range of about $5 million to $10 million. We believe our Financial Services earnings for Q2 will be
in the range of $100 million to $105 million. For our multifamily operations, we expect a loss in the range
of $5 million to $10 million. And so the Lennar Other category, we also expect a loss in the range of $5
million to $10 million.

Now remember that this guidance for Lennar Other does not include any potential mark-to-market gains
on our Hippo or States Title, Doma investment. We have not yet concluded if we will be able to utilize
mark-to-market accounting for these investments. And if we do, the gain will be determined by the stock
price of each company at the end of our second quarter.

Additionally, this guidance does not include any potential adjustments to our current Opendoor
investments since this too will be determined by the stock price of Opendoor at the end of our second
quarter. And lastly, the guidance does not include a gain related to the sale of our SunStreet Solar
company, since the shares that we will receive as consideration will be valued at Sunnova's closing price
on the day that the transaction closes.

We expect our Q2 corporate G&A to be about 1.5% of total revenue. And as I mentioned, our charitable
foundation contribution will be based on $1,000 per home delivered during the quarter. We expect our tax
rate to be about 24.5%, and the weighted average share count for the quarter should be approximately
311 million shares.

And so when you pull all this together, this guidance should produce an EPS range of $2.25 to $2.35 per
share for the quarter. And so now let me provide some guidance for the fiscal year.

We still expect to deliver between 62,064 homes, but with now higher gross margin guidance of about
25% for the year, and an even more efficient operating platform with SG&A guidance of 7.6% to 7.8% for
the year. And we believe our average sales price for the year will be about $400,000. And our financial
services earnings will be in the range of $445 million to $460 million. And finally, our tax rate should be
about 24%.

And so as we continue to execute our core operating strategies, maintain a very strong balance sheet and
remain focused on cash flow generation and returns, we are well positioned for another excellent year.
And so with that, let me turn it over to the operator for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Truman Patterson with Wolfe Research.

Truman Andrew Patterson
Wolfe Research, LLC

Wow, a lot of detail on the call. And Stuart, I feel like you're abating me to ask a question about the
spinco, but I'm going to refrain for now.

So first question on the gross margin guidance, you all bumped it up to 25%. That implies flat sequentially
throughout the year when normally we see sequential improvement due to leverage as we move through
the year. Could you just let us know what your expectations are for land, labor, material inflation is as
we move through the year? And does this imply -- since it's flat gross margin through the year, does this
imply that some of your internal efficiencies are starting to level off or pricing you assume is cooling? Just
walk us through some of the moving parts there, please?

Stuart A. Miller
Executive Chairman

Well, let me just start, as Rick and Jon collect your thoughts on that question. But just remember, Truman,
that our guidance on margin was pretty consistent through the year at between 23.5% to 24-ish percent.
And so we're upping our guidance. It was flat through the year, recognizing that along the way and
through the year, some of the construction costs would rise and would pull-through at different parts of
the year.

So this is consistent with how we were thinking at the beginning of the year in terms of the way the year
would shape up, even with, as you say, the leverage embedded in increased volume as you go quarter-by-
quarter. So what you're seeing is significant improvement that we're reflecting in each quarter's results.

Jon, Rick, do you want to add some color to the way that margin is shaping up?

Jonathan M. Jaffe
Co-CEO, Co-President & Director

Sure. This is Jon. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, lumber is the biggest move on the cost side
of the equation. And we'll see in Q2, more of an impact from lumber prices that they were spiking in like
October of 2020. And so I said we have about $2,300 per home increase in our lumber costs in Q1. That
will go up by about another 4,000 or 5,000 per home as we move into Q2. And then in Q3 and Q4, we'll
see a repeat of that pattern as lumber prices moved higher in the recent months before what we hope will
be an expected leveling off.

So all of us have mentioned, we've got significant pricing power that's overcoming that big needle mover
of the lumber cost increases, that's just a reflection of where the lumber market is. Not something that
any of us can do anything about until the market itself corrects. And then as I mentioned, we're seeing
other cost increases, other categories. There is supply constraint and increased demand. So natural supply
and demand that's occurring in the supply chain.

Richard Beckwitt
Co-CEO, Co-President & Director

Yes. I think that Stuart and Jon have covered it. I view this as we bump overall year guidance by 125
basis points. So we feel that, that's a really big increase from a quarter ago.

Truman Andrew Patterson
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2021

Yes, I would agree with that. And apologies, if I missed the first part of the call, so apologies if I ask
something that was covered earlier on. But clearly, it sounds like demand is healthy. But on the flip side,
are you seeing any demand softening with the recent increase in rates? And I'm trying to link this to your
2Q orders guide. It seems like it's below what we would expect seasonally, right, sequentially.

Is this just you all are comfortable running your mousetrap at this level? And you're fine with demand
outstripping supply? Or are you concerned of the market softening near term? And with that, your
guidance was about 16,600 orders or starts, I would estimate. Is that the level that you all are
comfortable you can produce going forward?

Stuart A. Miller
Executive Chairman

Rick?

Richard Beckwitt
Co-CEO, Co-President & Director

So as Jon said in his commentary, we could have sales to be whatever we wanted. The market is
extremely strong in all price and product categories. And what we've really been focused on is matching
starts with sales and making sure that we are maximizing our bottom line through operating efficiencies.
And we've looked at what some of the other builders have done in selling so far out ahead and without
the ability to match a price increase to cover a cost that may be potentially come in. It just doesn't make
business sense for us. So we're sticking to our plan and feel very good about what we've laid out for you.

Stuart A. Miller
Executive Chairman

Yes. Look, we're managing a carefully controlled business. And as you heard from the earnings call and
our commentary today, we have a number of moving parts in the company. We've been focusing on
balancing margin and bottom line and cash flow and really building that rock-solid balance sheet.

I know that you hesitated, and I ask everyone to hesitate in asking questions about the spin, but the
balance sheet is really the key to spinning and leaving both companies with rock-solid balance sheets. And
all of this comes about through a carefully managed program of matching starts, production and sales and
keeping them in orderly relationship to each other. And that's exactly what you've seen from the company
as we map out our strategy going forward.

Operator

Our next question comes from Stephen Kim from Evercore ISI.

Stephen Kim
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

You've certainly been busy. Good to see, and we'll be looking forward to a lot more information coming
forward.

I did want to ask you generally, though, about LENx, which I understand is Len to the x power. But I
see 2 potential approaches and I'm curious, which is more the priority for you, which is really more the
emphasis that is sort of driving your decision-making or will drive your decision-making around LENx.

One would be to create a separate operating segment of sorts in order to have a collection of businesses
be more easily valuable by the street, literally able to be valued more easily. But then another alternative
would be that you want to create an ecosystem. An ecosystem of tech-enabled businesses that a customer
enters into when they walk into one of your sales centers or one of your rental offices, in order to sort
of maximize the value that you can both provide and get compensated for by that customer. And I'm
wondering, which was more the priority -- or is more of the priority in your mind? And then as a follow-
up, do we consider -- should we consider these initiatives to be cash flow positive or negative meaningfully
over the next few years at all?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2021

Stuart A. Miller
Executive Chairman

So fair question, Steve. Our primary focus in building LENx, and it has been evolutionary, has been the
latter approach. It was and continues to be all about -- in the background of our core business, we inject
these new streams of activity that are enabling a better customer experience and better cost structure for
our company. I've called it and said it's building a better mousetrap.

And if you think about the companies we've talked about over time, you could imagine that a customer
walks in and says, "I've got a home to sell." We've got a solution. It's the iBuyer space. And that leads
right into a blend powered mortgage application, which is a seamless, simpler technology-enabled
mortgage application, feeding right into Doma and the entire closing process being one tap and digitized
and an immediate home insurance policy, it becomes a joyful experience with our technology companies
operating in the background creating an excellent experience for our customer, but driving our cost
structure down and enabling us to build profitability and even pass on some of those savings to our
customer, which is a greater good.

And I haven't really mentioned that each of our technology companies has an ESG component and focus
as well, and that will develop over time. So really think about it as we're building a better Lennar by
investing in these technology companies and the investment in the technology company. We're not really
isolating and looking at as a separate operating business, and I would -- I just want to daylight that Eric
Feder and his team of Sana Khan, Christian Falk and a number of others have really developed some
expertise in creating a focus on technology companies that matter, together with change management,
dovetailed within the company.

And I think that, over time, what you're going to see as these companies develop their own value
proposition, as you've already started to see, they do become cash flow positive in their own right, and
each of them has a map to that strategy. And the dovetail with Lennar and the operating performance is
what gets us very enthusiastic. So we're more focused on the latter approach than we are on the former.
And we really want to deemphasize what I call the shiny object of the big gains, and I want to emphasize
more the core programs that Rick is involved in, Jon is involved in, Eric is involved. I'm involved in every
single day of building a better company. That's what it's really about.

Stephen Kim
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

That's great. Stuart, I appreciate it. The second thing I wanted to ask about relates to this land venture,
which you talked a little bit about in your 10-K, and you talked a little bit about today.

Rick, I believe you spoke to the idea that this would be creating a structure, by which you can basically
bucket land parcels into various -- categorizing and to put them into buckets with different durations and
different returns on capital expectations. In a way, though, that's kind of what you've always been doing,
right? I mean like homebuilders always -- what they're doing things properly are sort of evaluating parcels
of land for duration and returns on capital expectations and so forth.

So is what's different here that you've got some form of a system that enables you to do that more quickly
by isolating specific metrics or something? I don't want to put words in your mouth because I'll probably
get it wrong. But can you -- but to the degree that there's already that discipline that existed in Lennar
previously, can you zero in on exactly what is different and special about this particular relationship and
venture?

Richard Beckwitt
Co-CEO, Co-President & Director

Well, let me start off, and I'll let Jon follow. Steve, you're right. We have always done what we thought we
could do to maximize the land opportunities out there, whether they be short term or long term.

I think the key difference associated with this is we've created something that's very programmatic and
systemized and oriented, where we're matching capital and returns to either short-dated and long-dated

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2021

land opportunities. And what we've learned as we've evolved our thinking over the last several years
is that there is tremendous appetite out there in the market for risk-adjusted returns. And the returns
associated with the short term sort of current inventory type of opportunity is a much lower threshold than
something that is a little bit riskier.

And by creating a programmatic systemized machine, where we funnel our land opportunities to either
one of these programmatic structures, it allows us to become very efficient and to really incredibly scour
the land opportunities out there to grow our business.

So Jon, anything you want to add to that?

Jonathan M. Jaffe
Co-CEO, Co-President & Director

Yes, Steve, I'll just add that perhaps the fine-tuning of what we've always done has been to further find
the risk buckets associated with land. So if you think about the lease risky component, that's the land
in which we're building a home zone. And that should really be financed at the lowest cost of capital,
primarily our cash on hand or revolver.

And then if you look at the next bucket and call it the land that is more like with that's ready to come
into that production assembly line that's from, say, 0 to 4 years out, that is properly structured relatively
very low-risk and should attract the cost of capital that is also very low and separated from sort of that
midterm bucket of land, which has historically looked for high teens to 20% kind of returns from an
investment standpoint.

And by properly structuring and really reducing the significant portion of risk associated with that middle
bucket we're able to create, as Rick said, a -- more of a systemic approach about a significant size and
scale to it, allowing for us a one-stop facility to be able to make it very easy to transact and to really
position land to be de-risked.

Stephen Kim
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Great. Appreciate it. I'm sure we'll be hearing more about this as we go forward. But thanks a lot, and
good luck, and good job with everything so far.

Stuart A. Miller
Executive Chairman

Steve, let me just say before you break it off. That it's really a just-in-time delivery system for land that
we're building. But I love the fact that the question is coming from you and I reminisce about you, me,
[ David Dwyer ], sitting in my old office going through this kind of tranched risk reward association relative
to CMBS probably 25 years ago.

And here we are going through that same thinking process again as it relates to another asset class.

Stephen Kim
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Yes, indeed. And I imagine that the returns from this might even be greater than what you saw in the
early '90s from the other one, which was pretty meaningful as well. But thanks for that trip down the
memory lane.

Stuart A. Miller
Executive Chairman

Well, we do locate with that, but this will be very interesting.

Operator

Our next question comes from Buck Horne from Raymond James.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2021

Buck Horne
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

And quite a bit of news to digest. Thank you so much for going through it. Let me back it out to just
more of a higher level and kind of policy-type question for you. We're hearing a little bit more chatter
coming out of D.C. that there's some renewed consideration of the President Biden's proposal for a
$15,000 first-time buyer tax credit and among some other things out there, but I'm just wondering what
your thoughts might be on how a tax credit like that could affect the current housing market, would the
benefits outweigh the costs? And do you see any other policy options that might be more supportive to
increasing housing supply at these levels?

Stuart A. Miller
Executive Chairman

So look, the last thing I think we should be weighing in on is politics these days. There's no question that
stimulus is a significant part of the equation as we've noted in my remarks. Interest rates are still low
by all measures. Yes, they've ticked up a little bit. But the other side of the equation is the savings rate
and the stimulus that's out there just in the most recent stimulus bill. Additional legislation seems to be
coming down the track, and that will, once again, stimulate even more demand.

The complicating part is that we're dealing more with supply shortage than we are dealing with a shortage
of demand. But the fact is demand is very, very strong. And a tax credit to stimulate more demand,
it seems this is probably going to layer on more demand to an already constrained supply, which will
probably have the impact of raising prices somewhat, just supply and demand imbalance.

So the question is what do you do across the country that is talking about workforce housing and short
supply, as a governing kind of component, and it seems that there's going to have to be some additional
initiative to focus on more land entitlement more streamlined government involvement and constraining
the supply, but we'll have to see how it all shakes out.

As things sit right now, when we look at the housing market, it's one of the reasons that we think that for
the next years, the housing market benefits from a fairly strong supply limitation and demand strength --
strong demand and shorter supply.

And for the homebuilders, we're going to have to be an active participant in finding reconciliation here and
participating in building new homes.

Buck Horne
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Great. Let me follow up with a question on the single-family rental platform, this new strategy. There's a
lot of detail to cover there. So just for clarification, would Lennar be the exclusive builder to this new SFR
venture? What's the -- I mean, kind of what's the initial time line to ramp up deliveries to this venture?
And would the returns or margins on these homes to be similar to the for-sale product?

Stuart A. Miller
Executive Chairman

So a bunch of questions there. The duration of the venture is a 12-year period, has a 4-year investment
period. The venture is not exclusive to Lennar, although our partners in debenture are very comfortable
with Lennar product, and it's been geared towards buying our new homes.

And so what was the last part of your question?

Buck Horne
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Just with the returns and margins on build for rent product be similar to for sale?

Stuart A. Miller
Executive Chairman

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2021

Yes. Yes. So let me say this. This is primarily a focused program on Lennar product. We have the ability
within the program to buy other builders' product as well. But think of it as primarily focused on a new
build program that is going to be basically opening the ability to purchase across Lennar's platforms.
That's the exciting part of this program, is the ability to ramp up.

We have already started buying homes into this program, even though the ink is just drying on the
Centerbridge-led financing component. We had a head start on this program and have started buying
homes. We'll be ramping up pretty considerably over the next year. And you can expect that our margins
are going to be exactly in line with the margins on the rest of our products. So there will be no pullback or
compromise in that regard.

Richard Beckwitt
Co-CEO, Co-President & Director

Yes. And consistent with Stuart's comments on technology and visibility, this business allows the venture
to have complete visibility across our pipeline and make it very seamless for them to transact with Lennar.
So it's a...

Stuart A. Miller
Executive Chairman

Let me just say one more thing. One of the things that has us most enthusiastic about this program is the
social component. This is an upward mobility program. It produces access across Lennar's landscape to a
broader array of social and economic participants in our communities and really stretches and gives single-
family lifestyle access to a much broader array of the population.

Now that's the case for single-family for rent, in general. But notably, in this program, we have a
component of our program that is dedicated to and focused on lease with an option to buy. And we're
really focused on finding a way to not only create accessibility to our single-family homes in our single-
family for rent program, but also to engage more people in the ability over time to find their way to
homeownership, which we think is a greater good. So this is an exciting program for the company, and I
think, ultimately, for the industry, and we've designed it to be ultimately an industry solution as well.

Operator

Our next question is from Carl Reichardt from BTIG.

Carl Edwin Reichardt
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

I'm going to ask one, so you can get someone else in here. But Rick or Stuart or whoever, Jon, if you
could -- can you talk about how mix has changed in terms of entry-level versus first time move-up or
even down to next-gen? You mentioned that folks are looking for larger homes now, more space. And
I'm interested if your community count, as it changes over the year, is going to address that. If you're
seeing more demand for higher-end home now compared to, say, 6 months ago when entry level was a
big driver?

Stuart A. Miller
Executive Chairman

Jon, Rick?

Jonathan M. Jaffe
Co-CEO, Co-President & Director

This is Jon. I'd say that we're seeing consistent demand across our platform. So it's you still have
tremendous drive for the more affordable homes as people come out of apartments. And are able to
access homeownership for the first time, driven in large part, as we've discussed, by historically low
interest rates. But we see it throughout our next-gen product, as you mentioned, which is a phenomenal
solution for those looking for a home that's better suited for working at home, playing in at home,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2021

educating at home as well as the need for multigenerational families as America continues to age. We're
seeing continued demand or renewed demand in our Active Adult product line.

But if you look at our square footage, which is average the first quarter about 2,300 square feet per
home, it's really maintained a very constant level. So even though we have a shift towards more first-
time affordable product in our overall mix, you can see the impact of the demand for larger homes, really
balancing out our average square footage across the entire platform.

Richard Beckwitt
Co-CEO, Co-President & Director

Yes. But in addition to what Jon said, consistent as to what we've said in all, we are very focused on
expanding our entry-level market share. And that's what's been driving our sales prices down on a
consolidated basis, notwithstanding the fact that we're seeing pricing power in that segment. We're really
focused on higher returns, higher volume in our entry-level and first-time move-up communities.

Operator

Our next question is from Ivy Zelman from Zelman & Associates.

Alan S. Ratner
Zelman & Associates LLC

It's actually Alan on for Ivy. Congrats on all of the exciting things going on, and the great performance.

My first question, I think a lot has been discussed about all the ancillary businesses, so I'll probably leave
that to the side for now. But just in terms of the core homebuilding side, I thought it was interesting.
Last week, we saw an announcement from the GSEs about actually capping the percentage of second
homes and investment properties that they're going to be buying. And I'm pretty sure that's the first real
example of tightening on the mortgage side, we've seen in a while. And I know it's a small part of the
business.

But curious, have you looked at what impact that might have on your business? What percentage of your
sales today are to second homeowners or investment property owners? And just kind of curious if that
differs across your footprint.

Bruce E. Gross
Chief Executive Officer of Lennar Financial Services

Sure. Good morning, Alan, this is Bruce. I'll take that question. We're running somewhere in the 8%
range, and the limitation they talked about was 7%.

So what that means is we'll look to the private market to sell those loans as opposed to the GSEs. So the
impact might be a little bit on the margin side within Financial Services, but we'll still be able to go ahead
and offer those loans. We'll just be selling them elsewhere.

Alan S. Ratner
Zelman & Associates LLC

Got it. Very helpful there, Bruce. Second question, I guess, just on the land side, obviously, tying up a lot
of land there. And I think you made the comment about looking towards larger communities, so you can
kind of keep a higher sales pace going.

Can you provide any additional color about the underwriting on the land you've tied up over the last year?
And how that might differ from land prior to the pandemic, whether that quantifying the number of lots
per community, absorption rates that you're assuming going forward, margins -- implied margins on that?
Any color you can give would be great.

Stuart A. Miller
Executive Chairman

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2021

Rick?

Richard Beckwitt
Co-CEO, Co-President & Director

Yes. So from an underwriting standpoint, we're pretty much consistent with where we've been in prior
time periods, with the exception of coming out of the downturn where there was a lot of distress out
there.

From an underwriting standpoint, we're really not focused on underwriting inflation. We're staying very
close to where the markets are with regard to sales prices and pace. We have a lot of metrics right now
with regard to what current activity is. And as Stuart, I and Jon talked about, we're really matching
duration risk to risk-adjusted return for the various programmatic structures we've got.

Jonathan M. Jaffe
Co-CEO, Co-President & Director

What I would add to that is we have an intense focus because of our production first strategy to looking
for land that fits existing product that we build. So we can maximize the reuse of product which really
creates efficiencies throughout the system, as you can imagine, for both us internally and all of our trade
partners.

Alan S. Ratner
Zelman & Associates LLC

Got you. So just to clarify, though, on the absorption comment, because I think you said you're kind of
looking at today's absorption. So is this 4.5 per month range that you're kind of running at? Is that the
right way to think about how you anticipate the pace staying over the next X number of years as these
projects come online? Because that's obviously much higher than the cycle average. I'm just curious if
there's any haircut being implied there on the new land.

Stuart A. Miller
Executive Chairman

So as we look at land in general, absorption pace actually changes depending on the community. And what
we found is in our larger communities, we can have multiple product lines going at any point in time, so
the pace is a bit higher.

But we're not forecasting across the board 4.5 over the next several years. It's really geared to what the
land opportunity is and the drivers of the local market there.

Richard Beckwitt
Co-CEO, Co-President & Director

Let me just say that I think that we've noted that we could tune up or down the actual sales pace in any of
our communities right now. Demand is just that strong and has been that strong.

In terms of underwriting, we tend to conservatize that sales pace, recognizing that we can get away with
ourselves if we start anticipating that it's much higher. So we really haven't -- we haven't tuned up the
sales pace, though we could achieve it. And we're probably underwriting to something closer to a 4, even
though we're running at 4.5 right now.

And so maybe that gives some guidelines as to how we're thinking about land.

Stuart A. Miller
Executive Chairman

And why don't we take one more question?

Operator

Our last question comes from Michael Rehaut from JPMorgan.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2021

Michael Jason Rehaut
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I think this is the second time I got the squeeze in before the door closes. So I appreciate it.

Stuart, and team, obviously, appreciate all the detail and the results. I wanted to ask 2 quick questions.
One, operationally, on the homebuilding side and one, see if there's any way to squeeze out a couple more
numbers on the spin.

On the sales pace side, in particular, you guys have been very consistent in your approach to managing
pace and where possible perhaps getting a little bit more on the margin side. And I think that strategy
really comes home in an environment today, where rates are rising, which everything else equal, would
lower the true, what I'm kind of referring to recently, is theoretical level of demand. Because certainly, as
you've said, your sales pace is below that level, you could run a lot hotter if you choose.

And so in that type of dynamic, you would think that if rates going higher, impair overall market demand,
but you're running below that, you should be able to still maintain a pretty steady business and a pretty
steady order inflow. So obviously, we're just in the initial stages of this rate rise, but I was wondering if
that theory is accurate in that over the last -- throughout the first quarter, particularly February and into
March, given again that you could have run a lot hotter, and in other words, below true market demand,
that the recent move-in rates really hasn't impacted you at all from the order cadence?

Stuart A. Miller
Executive Chairman

So look, I think, Mike, the way to think about it is I think that there tends to be a knee-jerk that interest
rates move up and the homebuilders are going to have sales turmoil, and that might be conventional
wisdom.

But in today's market, as I've noted, there are offsets to the movement in interest rates. First of all,
interest rates have -- are moving from a historically abnormally low rate. We're still lower than we were
a year ago. Interest rates are still low. But the offset is the fact that the savings rate in the country has
really enabled so many more people to be able to afford a down payment.

The increase in home prices is, on the one hand, a negative, but on the other hand, a positive in that
someone who owns a home, who's going to sell their first-time home has a bigger down payment for their
move-up home.

So there's this kind of trickle-up portion of this. And then stimulus is adding to the availability of capital
to support the home and mortgage business. You might find that interest rates knock some people out
of the credit boxes that are out there. But there's so much demand. The backfill has been pretty readily
supportive of maintaining sales pace. So at the end of the day, we've really seen very little trail off in
demand.

In fact, it's continued to be strong and be building what has been traditionally a spring selling season.
It's hard to detect where the spring selling season is because we've been consistently strong all the way
through what, at this time, should be the beginning of the spring selling season.

So I think that what I'd say is that, that we're still seeing a very strong demand pattern. And even with
interest rates ticking up, there are offsets to that tick up that are keeping demand strong.

Michael Jason Rehaut
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. No, I appreciate that, Stuart. Secondly, and I know you guys are probably fairly reticent, but with
the stock up on today's news, obviously, both on the strong results, but also I think on the news of the
spin, I don't know if there's any other type of metrics you could provide? I think one of the key numbers,
I guess, was that this tax-free spin would -- could be comprised of $3 billion to $5 billion in assets with
no debt. And you mentioned, obviously, the different businesses that would, from which the spin could be
comprised of with LMC being the backbone, I was hoping if it's possible, if you kind of take that $3 billion

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2021

to $5 billion asset range, what would be the corresponding range for liabilities? And also on the income
statement side, any type of corresponding management fees or income that you're deriving from today
that's running through your income statement as well as on the corporate G&A side? So I don't know if
you could give perhaps all those numbers, but even a few would be very helpful.

Stuart A. Miller
Executive Chairman

So as I said, we're giving you a skeleton right now. I think that, as my starting point and just giving you
some answer to that, is we start with a really strong balance sheet right now. You see a debt to total
cap at 24%, and sizable profitability coming through the year. So you can imagine, our balance sheet
continues to get stronger.

That really enables us to do a spin of a sizable amount of assets with no liabilities associated, meaning no
debt. And it leaves us with a balance sheet at Lennar that is just rock solid. So very little impact to the
balance sheet.

Now from an operating and earnings standpoint, you can think similarly. Look, we've been building these
businesses in the background, and we've been reporting on them for years. These businesses are up
running and have been operating. But because of the composition of some of them, like LMC, where you
have depreciation and you have third-party management fees and a variety of things, they don't show
GAAP profitability. So there's the -- that's right.

You're going to see very little, if any, impact to the earnings of the core company. But these operating
businesses, as they stand on their own with their own identified metrics, this enables those businesses to
be able to run more effectively and efficiently as a stand-alone company. This is not about creating some
notion of value or anything else, the stand-alone Homebuilding Financial Services group and the stand-
alone asset management business is the right configuration for these businesses on a go-forward basis.
And you'll see very little impact to Lennar, the remainco bottom line. And an exciting value proposition and
stand-alone enterprise for spinco as it stands on its own.

That's the structure. That's the skeleton. It's as far as we can go right now, but all of this is driven by the
fact that we have a balance sheet that supports. We can give this kind of a strong spin or dividend, as
you might think of it, without impacting the underlying balance sheet and building 2 or furthering 2 very
strong companies on a go-forward basis.

And I would just say, Mike, as you think about this, remember, Lennar has done this before. In 1997, we
spun LNR. And we did it in a very carefully constructive manner where it was 2 separate businesses that
were long-standing, and we identified and ran both companies in a very successful manner, and we expect
to be doing some of that similarly all over again.

Listen, I know that this has been a lot to absorb, and we've run over time, but I thought it was worth the
time to do that. We look forward to continuing to update you on all elements of our business, and look
forward to a strong 2021. Thank you for joining.

Operator
Thank you all for participating in today's conference. You may disconnect your line, and enjoy the rest of
your day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 17, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

