Linde plc NYSE:LIN
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, July 30, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.84

Revenue  (mm)

6814.89

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-30-2020 1:47 PM GMT

1.65

6254.05

7.42

8.47

26877.62

28462.98

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.71

1.77

1.84

1.84

1.83

1.94

1.89

1.89

7.02 %

9.60 %

2.72 %

2.72 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
LINDE PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Juan Pelaez
Head of Investor Relations

Matthew J. White
Executive VP & CFO

Stephen F. Angel
CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

David L. Begleiter
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Geoffrey Robert Haire
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Jeffrey John Zekauskas
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

John Patrick McNulty
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Laurence Alexander
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Michael Joseph Sison
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Nicola Tang
Exane BNP Paribas, Research
Division

Patrick Duffy Fischer
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Peter Anthony John Clark
Societe Generale Cross Asset
Research

Robert Andrew Koort
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Steve Byrne
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Vincent Stephen Andrews
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

LINDE PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2020 Linde
Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being
recorded [Operator Instructions].

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Juan Pelaez. Thank you, and please
go ahead, sir.

Juan Pelaez
Head of Investor Relations

Great. Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for attending our 2020 second quarter
earnings call and webcast. I'm Juan Pelaez, Head of Investor Relations, and I'm joined this morning by
Steve Angel, Chief Executive Officer; and Matt White, Chief Financial Officer.

Today's presentation materials are available on our website at linde.com in the Investors section. Please
read the forward-looking statement disclosure on Page 2 of the slides and note that it applies to all
statements made during this teleconference. The reconciliations of the adjusted numbers are in the
appendix of this presentation. Steve and Matt will now give us an update on Linde's business outlook and
second quarter performance, and then we'll be available to answer questions.

Let me turn the call over to Steve now.

Stephen F. Angel
CEO & Director

Thanks, Juan. Good morning, everyone. Matt will cover the numbers, which were obviously quite good.
But just a few comments. We grew earnings per share versus Q1 and year-over-year despite currency
headwinds and weaker volumes. Cash flow was very strong. Return on capital continues to improve.
Operating margins improved in every segment. In other words, Q2 was like any other quarter, except we
had to deliver this one through a pandemic.

Safety performance continued to improve, while we battled COVID around the world. Plant reliability is
at an all-time high. We brought several large projects online. Our hospital and home care businesses
continue to play an important role around the world in the fight against this respiratory illness. We
provided a lot of support in our communities through donations and in kind gifts.

This type of performance doesn't happen because corporate ordains it. It happens because 80,000
committed and highly capable Linde employees do their jobs exceptionally well around the world.

If we turn to Page 3, we have talked about what makes Linde resilient in the past. You can see that in a
few bullets on the left-hand side of the page. The best-performing markets in Q2, not surprisingly, were
more defensive, like health care, food and electronics. And when combined with our commercial terms and
conditions, that guarantees us a steady stream of cash flow, irrespective of volumes, you have what we
demonstrated during Q2, a very resilient business. We are not directly part of any global supply chain. We
source, produce and sell locally. Our businesses are local, and they optimize their cost structure based on
local market conditions.

Regarding our backlog, it remains firm. We have seen some delays, which we are being compensated for,
but the backlog has held together well. And it is all for high-quality customers you know well.

We took additional cost actions in early March to ensure we could deliver the type of performance we
could all be proud of. We eliminated discretionary costs. We made sure our productivity initiatives were
delivering. We took advantage of every efficiency opportunity we could find.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

LINDE PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

A good indication of how well the team executed in Q2 can be found in our SG&A results, which were down
14% year-over-year and reached our lowest level at 11.9% of sales since our merger.

You don't deliver the kind of cash flow we did this quarter without doing a good job on working capital
management. And when you factor in CapEx efficiencies, we generated approximately $1 billion in free
cash flow. Pricing continues to hold up well with positive price attainment in every business.

So where do we stand today since our merger closed on March 1 of last year? Operating margins have
improved over 300 basis points and return on capital, 200 basis points. Earnings per share grew 23%
last year, ex-currency translation, and has grown 11% ex-FX through the first half of this year. And based
on our strong and stable cash flow, we raised the dividend another 10% this year, which marks the 27th
straight year we've increased the dividend, and we have no intention of breaking that streak now.

If you can turn to Page 4. So what are we trying to accomplish over the coming months and years? What
is our core strategy? I broke it down to 3 simple sections.

First of all, we want to continue to optimize the base business. We want to drive network density in our
core geographies. We want to leverage digitalization initiatives to drive continuous improvement in every
aspect of our business. We want to ensure we have best-in-class price management in every corner of
the company. We want to streamline our business portfolio down to businesses we are confident we can
operate the way we want to operate them. We are leveraged to any economic recovery. As I said, prices
have remained stable. So all we need is more volume. The increased volume allows us to operate our
plants and distribution networks more efficiently. And that SG&A reduction I spoke about earlier, those
costs will not come back anytime soon. Needless to say, we will get leverage down the income statement
with any improvement in economic activity.

We are capitalizing on growth opportunities now and coming out of COVID. I expect to see several
opportunities in electronics come to fruition in the coming months. And health care, which is 21% of total
sales today, will continue to grow at a nice, say, 3% to 5% clip organically.

And though the backlog is coming down somewhat as we start up new projects, the project work between
sale of gas and third-party remains healthy at $8.6 billion.

The last element of growth I wanted to talk about is one that seems to be dominating the airwaves these
days. And that is clean energy. There's a lot of hype, marketing and companies that want to burnish their
ESG credentials. Some companies are just looking for a way out of their current predicament. And then
you have companies like Linde that are actually players in the hydrogen business today.

If you turn to Page 5. So why do we believe clean hydrogen is real? Key countries and regions around the
world are leading the charge with regulations, targets, subsidies and funding. You can see a list of those
regulations on Page 10.

Why are they doing this? It is about decarbonizing their economies to address the challenges of climate
change, of course, but it is also about resuscitating their economies post-COVID. They want GDP growth,
and they want jobs for their people. And they don't want to outsource their green economy to anyone
else. They want to build it all locally, if at all possible. The EU does acknowledge they will need to
supplement their renewable power requirements from areas outside the EU, like North Africa, where they
also have the ability to repurpose natural gas pipelines for renewable hydrogen.

On Page 10, you can see a map of the optimal renewable sources from around the world. Clearly,
countries like the U.S. and China have the ability to develop their own sources of renewable hydrogen for
their own needs.

In addition to renewable, there are quite a few countries advantaged in low-carbon sources, such as
natural gas. That will continue to play an important role in the transition from gray to green hydrogen as
well as in the production of blue hydrogen, where the CO2 is captured in the hydrogen production process.

Back to Page 5, there are challenges. First of all, you have to determine how these funding mechanisms
will actually work. But more importantly, over the next decade, the cost of clean hydrogen at the point-

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

LINDE PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

of-use needs to drop at least 50% to 60% from where it is today to roughly $4 per kilogram. To reach
that target, renewable power costs need to come down, along with the cost of electrolysis itself. This can
be achieved by scaling up capacity, improving efficiencies and developing greater standardization around
the supporting infrastructure. This will not happen overnight, but it's certainly feasible within the next 10
years and something we can directly impact.

Some form of carbon pricing will also need to be in place for clean hydrogen to compete against cheap
fossil fuels in some sectors. And the market needs to develop, especially fuel cell electric vehicles for
heavy haul trucking, which could become the largest target market for mobility by an order of magnitude.

Our clean hydrogen strategy is not unlike our strategy for industrial gases. These markets are local and
will evolve uniquely. For example, South Korea and Japan are focused on building their hydrogen economy
first, irrespective of the carbon content or color of the hydrogen molecule. Green hydrogen will come later
when it reaches scale and cost. China is focused on both gray and green hydrogen molecules. The EU
wants green now but privately admits gray or a transition through blue hydrogen will be necessary for a
period of time. The U.S. hasn't declared yet, except for California, but the rest of the country will likely
pursue all colors of the rainbow, although several are already following California's lead.

We want to leverage and build on our existing integrated supply capabilities in each of these regions. And
the appendix, on Page 11, illustrates our capabilities across the entire hydrogen value chain. I think you
can see we are well-positioned to participate as these markets develop. Emerging technologies like PEM
electrolysis technology needs to mature to bring clean hydrogen down the cost curve. We are partnered
with leading technology companies like ITM Power to do just that and are already starting to see the
benefits of such relationships.

So I will end with the caption at the top of Slide 5. I say this can be a huge market by 2030. What needs
to happen? It is a bit of chicken or the egg in the mobility market. You need fuel cell electric vehicle
adoption to drive hydrogen growth, but you also need low-cost hydrogen and scaled infrastructure to
enable fuel cell electric vehicle adoption. If 1% of all energy consumed by heavy haul trucking today was
converted to fuel cell electric vehicles, that would be approximately a $20 billion per annum hydrogen
market. The other demands for hydrogen are as an energy carrier, which many consider to be a key
enabler for wide-scale use of renewable power and hydrogen as a feedstock for industrial use as well as
building and industrial heat.

All-in-all, there have been 35 applications modeled for clean hydrogen, about half of which should be
competitive by 2030.

As I mentioned earlier, there seems to be new entrants in clean energy by the day, many of whom are
nontraditional players in the hydrogen space. But with our expertise, capabilities, local presence and global
reach, I'm confident we will capture our fair share of this market as it develops. That is why I say this will
be a multibillion-dollar business for Linde.

And now I will turn it over to Matt to discuss our Q2 performance and outlook.

Matthew J. White
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. The consolidated second quarter results can be found on
Slide 6. Sales of $6.4 billion decreased 5% sequentially and 11% from 2019. Versus prior year, underlying
sales declined 5% as 2% higher pricing was more than offset by a 7% reduction in volumes. The price
improvement was across all segments and in line with globally weighted inflation. Volume trends include
2% growth in engineering, which were more than offset by a 9% decrease in the gases business.

Linde Engineering continues to execute on the high-quality contractually secured $5 billion sale of
equipment backlog. The gases volume decline is due to the negative economic climate, more than
offsetting positive contribution from the project backlog. Overall, we estimate the second quarter sales
headwind from COVID to be 8% to 10%, although it's almost impossible to know for certain.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

LINDE PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Sequentially, underlying sales declined 2% as a positive 3% contribution from engineering was more than
offset by a 5% volume decline in gases. The estimated sequential impact from COVID is approximately 6%
to 8%.

You can see that foreign currency continues to be a headwind to sales and earnings, although the U.S.
dollar has started to sell off at the end of the second quarter. If this trend were to persist, it could provide
some upside to our foreign currency outlook.

Operating profit of $1.3 billion was flat with prior year and down 3% versus the first quarter. Excluding
foreign currency translation, operating profit increased 4% versus 2019 and declined only 1% sequentially.
The entire lending team is fully engaged to prudently manage the things within our control and deliver
high-quality results in any environment. We continue to find more opportunities for productivity and
efficiency everyday, so we expect to further improve upon these levels. In fact, operating margins
expanded 230 basis points over 2019 and 60 basis points over the first quarter. These are real and lasting
improvements, well in excess of the temporary benefit from lower cost passthrough.

Furthermore, these actions enabled us to offset the lower volumes related to COVID, which are estimated
to impact profit by a few hundred basis points more than the sales effect. Second quarter EPS was $1.90.
Excluding foreign currency impact, this level was 8% higher than 2019 and 3% higher sequentially. In
other words, we increased earnings per share despite an almost double-digit sales decline due to the
pandemic.

More importantly, second quarter operating cash flow of $1.8 billion was 76% higher than last year
and 31% higher than the first quarter. I'll speak more to this on the next slide, but this result is a clear
validation of our business resilience and merger success. CapEx is trending downward from a combination
of foreign currency, merger synergies and timing on the sale of gas project backlog, which currently
stands at $3.6 billion. It's important to note that backlog definitions are not consistent within the industry.
As the Linde backlog represents contractually committed, high-quality customers with incremental growth.
Therefore, we have full confidence the current backlog will continue to contribute to future sales and
profit.

After-tax return on capital of 12.3% represents the highest level we've achieved since the merger date.
This is a direct result of our strong commitment to capital discipline and quality growth. In fact, our
integrated and dense model across all 3 supply modes of on site, merchant, and packaged gases, enables
us to enhance returns on each investment, allowing further improvements in ROC without hindering
growth prospects.

Slide 7 provides more details on our performance related to cash generation and capital management.
The graphic on the left shows our quarterly operational cash flow trend since the merger date in Q1 2019.
Recall that these figures represent GAAP operating cash flow.

2020 first half OCF of $3.1 billion is $1 billion or almost 50% higher than the prior year level.
Approximately 1/3 of this improvement is due to lower merger-related cash costs. The remaining 2/3 are
from higher cash earnings and improved working capital.

In the second quarter alone, year-over-year working capital improved $430 million, with approximately
$110 million from the engineering business and the rest from improved management in gases. These
trends, coupled with base CapEx reductions, are evidence of merger synergies and efficiencies.

You can also see that available operating cash flow is more than sufficient to cover the $500 million
quarterly dividend and $300 million to $400 million of quarterly project CapEx spend.

The pie chart to the right shows how we deploy capital year-to-date through June. We paid $1 billion in
dividends and are committed to growing it every year. Another $1.6 billion was invested back into the
business. Quality growth is a key priority use of capital, but each opportunity must meet our investment
criteria.

Finally, we repurchased $1.8 billion of Linde stock in the first quarter at an average price of $186 per
share.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

LINDE PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

You may recall that we paused the share repurchase program at the end of the first quarter to evaluate
potential decaps and other higher priority uses of capital.

While certain opportunities did not fit our investment criteria, we are still pursuing others. But expect them
to take longer to develop than originally anticipated.

Furthermore, we continue to have access to very cost-effective capital, as we recently issued 7- and 12-
year euro bonds with coupons of 0.25% and 0.55%, respectively. Both of these bonds represent the
lowest coupons ever for any industrial gas company at these tenors.

Given these developments and our continued significant excess cash generation, we are resuming the
share repurchase program.

I'd like to wrap up with 2020 guidance on Slide 8. To better frame the outlook, it may be helpful to
describe the second quarter monthly trends. April represented the lowest month, although it was
noticeably better than what we originally expected. Subsequently, May was better than April and June was
better than May. For the entire second quarter, year-over-year volumes were estimated down 8% to 10%
from COVID. Although the month of June recovered to about half of that range.

Looking forward to the third quarter, we still expect an FX headwind of 3%, although current spot
rates have improved from this initial estimate. The EPS range of $1.90 to $1.95 assumes no economic
improvement from Q2 at the bottom end and a gradual increase at the top end. We are taking a more
cautious approach since the pandemic is still evolving. However, if June conditions were to continue, I
would expect to be at the upper end or above this guidance range. Rest assured that if the economy
performs better, we will capture that upside.

The full year guidance range of $7.60 to $7.80 follows the same logic as the third quarter estimate. It
assumes no improvement from Q2 at the bottom end and a gradual improvement at the top end.

Irrespective of economic conditions, we have a high degree of confidence in the business resilience and
growth prospects across our integrated system.

Beyond the merger benefits, we continue to find productivity and efficiency opportunities to enhance
business quality.

In addition, we are pursuing attractive growth prospects through our resilient end markets, unrivaled
hydrogen asset network and world-class engineering and technical capabilities. And when the markets do
recover, we fully expect to participate and win our fair share.

The global Linde team has successfully navigated prior economic crises, and each time has emerged even
stronger. I fully expect the same for 2020.
Now I'd like to turn the call over for Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

LINDE PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Nicola Tang with Exane.

Nicola Tang
Exane BNP Paribas, Research Division

The first one was on decaps. You had talked about a healthy pipeline of potential opportunities. And I
know that Air Liquide and Air Products had something similar. So I was just wondering if you could update
us in a little bit more detail about what your pipeline might look like and also help us to size the potential
opportunity in terms of capital that could be deployed? Again, understanding that it could be on a sort of
longer-term view.

And then my second question would be on -- you mentioned, Matt, that potential scope for additional
efficiency measures that you guys are delivering very well on that. Can you put that in the context of your
original cost synergy target, the $900 million? And I was wondering whether shorter term with COVID,
that you've seen any temporary savings, for example, travel cost savings, which you would expect to
reverse?

Stephen F. Angel
CEO & Director

Okay. Well, I'll take the decap and since you gave the second question to Matt, I'll let him handle that one.
Or we could have given it to Juan or anybody, but I'll let Matt take that one.

So yes, on the decap, there is -- we have a list of projects. The pipeline itself, you could describe as fairly
healthy. But then again, the pace is very slow. And that's not unusual. You have customers that are always
evaluating their cash flow positions and their needs as you're going through these discussions with them.
I expect we'll get some to ground, but it's not going to be a large number, I don't think, and I don't think
it's going to be a large number anytime soon. We'll do the projects that make sense for us. You've heard
me say this before that the last thing I want to do is be a lender of last resort. So we'll maintain our
capital discipline and our return criteria as we work through this. But it's just going to -- it's going to take
some time, and that's just the way it is.

Matthew J. White
Executive VP & CFO

Nicola, in as far as your second question, yes, I'll start with, to your point, the $900 million, as you recall,
on the cost side, was the target we had laid out there to be achieved over approximately a 3-year period
post the merger date.

As we've stated in the past, the more we integrate, the less, frankly, we're able to differentiate between
what was considered a true merger synergy and what is just simply being more efficient and productive
on how we're running this combined business. So frankly, on an internal basis, we really stopped spending
significant effort trying to differentiate between the 2. And we're much more focused on just trying to find
ways to be more efficient and productive operating as one combined company. So to that degree, where
we really look is more how are operating margins progressing? How is our growth in profit progressing?
And how is our growth in cash progressing? There are obviously a lot of other metrics around that, like
Steve had mentioned, SG&A as a percentage of sales, what the headcount trends are, how our efficiency
for headcount trends. So we look at those as well. But in the end of the day, I want to see margin
expansions. I want to see growth in cash, and I want to see growth in profits irrespective of what we're
seeing on the volume side. I think this quarter, we've demonstrated that fairly well. I think last quarter,
we've demonstrated that fairly well. And we continue to find even more opportunities every day, as I
mentioned. So we're looking at the end of the day to continue to find ways to improve the quality of this

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

LINDE PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

business while levering every bit of sales dollar we can to add value. So that's how we'll think about it
going forward, and that's how we're going to continue to measure it.

Nicola Tang
Exane BNP Paribas, Research Division

Maybe I could sneak in just a quick follow-up one on the cash flow side. As you mentioned, very strong
operating cash conversion, and you've talked about resuming the buyback. Would you, at this point, be
able to commit or give us a steer on how much you expect to buy back through the remainder of the year,
assuming that on the decaps opportunity side, that these are now much more longer term?

Matthew J. White
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And sorry, Nicola, just to answer your last question, which I forgot. I failed to mention on the
temporary savings with COVID. As you would expect with everyone, we clearly saw a large reduction in
travel. I think that's consistent universally. But what I would say is that the vast majority of savings, as
Steve mentioned, that we saw this quarter, we expect to retain and maintain a lot of them. So I'm not
anticipating any significant shift in that. So that's something we expect going forward, irrespective of the
smaller temporary ones.

On the cash flow related to the buybacks, yes, we'll be back in the market. As we have been, we'll be a
participant as you saw this quarter, we did reduce our net debt again. So we'll continue to use it as per our
capital allocation policy that any excess cash that we have after our priorities of growing the dividend and
growing the business, we will use in the opportunities to repurchase our stock. And obviously, if there are
market corrections, we'll take opportunity in there as well, like we did in Q1. So that's kind of how we're
going to continue to manage it and measure it. And as you know, this is all underpinned by our target
credit rating of a single A. So we'll work within those confines and be back in the market.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Duffy Fischer with Barclays.

Patrick Duffy Fischer
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Yes, great. Thanks a lot for the views on the new hydrogen. So maybe just kind of a 3-part follow-up to
that. First, over like the next 5 years, what do you see as the premium for green hydrogen versus blue
hydrogen versus gray hydrogen? Second, as you guys run the most electrolysis units globally, what has
your cost done in that space, let's say, over the last 3 years as a baseline? And then what do you have line
of sight for your costs doing over the next 3?

And then the third one is because it's such a big market, could you see yourself doing something
aspirational? Maybe a couple of billion dollars of build it and they'll come investment that doesn't have the
same surety that the historic model has had?

Stephen F. Angel
CEO & Director

Okay, Duffy. That's 3 well-prepared questions. So I think the way you need to think about green hydrogen,
and keep in mind, you have the -- you've got the renewable power costs, you have the production costs
coming out of electrolysis, you have the distribution cost, you have the cost at the pump if you're thinking
about mobility. So there's a whole chain of cost here that need to come down, and I said 50% to 60%. If
you were to call green hydrogen today coming off electrolysis $6, and so there has to be an assumption
about renewable power cost to get to the $6. But if you say $6, you're making -- with $2 to $3 natural
gas, you're making gray hydrogen for $1. So there's a tremendous gap today that it would take hundreds
of dollars of carbon tax or carbon price if you wanted to wipe out that entire difference, so it's a big
premium to date. That's why I said the costs need to come down, the production cost across the entire
chain. At the same time, there needs to be a carbon price to incent the scaling up of green hydrogen. It's
the same thing that happened with solar power and wind power, if you go back and look at the early days.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

LINDE PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Everybody said the costs are through the roof, we can't afford it. But there were subsidies. There were
incentives that were put in place that allowed it to scale up and come down the cost curve. So that's the
same thing we need to have happen here. And it's going to take some years to do that. We and others
are obviously working on that as we speak. I can see plans. I've reviewed plans that show how that can
be done. So I think we just need to kind of wait and see how long it's ultimately going to take. But I think
in a few years, the cost will come down quite a bit, but we need to get it down, like I said, 50% to 60%
across the entire value chain.

As far as what we may or may not do, I mean, we're looking at projects today around the world. I could
give you a number. It's like 100 types of projects. Their slotting are very small. Some of them are sale
of equipment, small sale of equipment. Some of them are like projects that we announced in China and
Alstom recently. Some are a little bigger. But we're very comfortable with the types of activities that
we have, the locations that we have them in. It's like 16 countries that are involved in 100-plus types
of projects. So that really is our strategy. That has been our strategy. We're very comfortable with that
approach. I'm not saying I would never do a much larger project, but I'd have to be very confident in
terms of -- that's just a good investment that will pass all the muster that we always put large project
investments through.

Patrick Duffy Fischer
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. And then just off one of Matt's comments where if June numbers kind of stayed through Q3, you'd
be at the upper end to beating the guide for Q3. Does that imply that you guys see somewhat of a double
dip happening in Q3 and things could weaken? Or can you talk about July and what you're seeing?

Stephen F. Angel
CEO & Director

Yes. So that is what Matt said. If I look at July's numbers today, I would say it's probably slightly better
than June. But then again, you got to keep in mind, we don't really know what's going to happen. I read
yesterday that COVID is back on the main -- on the continent of Europe. We all know what's happening
in Latin America. You can read about what's happening in the South and West, back in Australia. So I
don't really know what the consequence of that's going to be. I don't know how governments are going
to respond to that this time. Are we going to go back into something like what we saw in March and April
and May? We don't know the answer to that. So it's a possibility. It hasn't happened as of today, but it's
certainly a possibility. And we have to make sure that we say we're cautious in our guidance, and that's
what's behind the caution.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.

David L. Begleiter
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Steve and Matt, just on FX, if you were to mark to market today's spot rates, what would that imply for
your Q3 and full year guidance in terms of upside?

Matthew J. White
Executive VP & CFO

David, yes, this is Matt. So as you saw, we have a 3% assumption now. Q3 would get better by a couple
of percent potentially based on spots. As you know, that's an assumption based on spots, but it could get
better by almost 2%. And the full year number would be knocked probably in half as well on that. So time
will tell, we'll see. That was based on really yesterday's spots, but every day is a different day, as you
know.

David L. Begleiter
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

LINDE PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Very good. And Steve, just again on hydrogen, are you indifferent to gray, blue or green hydrogen? And
if you look over the next perhaps 10 years, how much of your project CapEx could you foresee putting
towards hydrogen opportunities?

Stephen F. Angel
CEO & Director

Well, you're asking me. So I want to be a provider of what the market wants. As I said, there are certain
countries around the world today that are building their hydrogen economies first, their hydrogen mobility
economy, for example. Using gray, they'll transition to green later on.

I think, look, I mean, at the right cost, green is going to be preferrable for everybody. But you've got
to get there first. And that's why we think natural gas is going to still play a role. I mean, we have a $2
billion business today that's essentially all based on natural gas, so natural gas will continue to play a
role. Blue will make sense in locations where you have, say, low-cost natural gas and you have the ability
to capture the CO2 and do something with it, say, make downstream chemical products with the CO2
or you have the right geological formation to sequester it in the ground. If those types of situations are
present, then you could see what they call blue, which is basically capturing CO2 off of the gray hydrogen
production process. But I think everyone would like to get to green. I just think it's going to take some
years to get to that point.

Regarding CapEx, I mean, if I look at the list of 100 projects we have today, there's probably maybe a
couple hundred -- a couple billion dollars -- I'm sorry, a couple billion dollars of CapEx that's kind of been
assigned to these projects. Some of them, we have to wait and see whether they're going to move forward
or not. But clearly, if I said 100 and some projects, and if I gave you a number, like a couple billion dollars
of CapEx earmarked around those numbers, that wouldn't be surprising. But we have to see how fast they
move and at what rate we end up spending against those projects.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Peter Clark with SocGen.

Peter Anthony John Clark
Societe Generale Cross Asset Research

I've got 2 as well. The first one, obviously, if I go back to the last recession, I know it's slightly different
this time. But you had your earnings flat when you were at Praxair. Linde had an earnings hit because of
engineering, but gas is actually was flat on EBITDA. So I look at the difference this time. Obviously, you're
delivering on the gas as we expected that engineering is the standout. So I'm just wondering if you can
give me your thoughts on the quality of this engineering business you have now. Probably give us what
you thought coming in because it has been outstanding, I think, in the past 2 years.

And then effectively, if I look at some of them all -- well, I would call them peripheral markets, very
important markets for you, certainly, places like Brazil, Mexico and even Australia. How these businesses
are performing? You have dominant shares, great businesses to begin with. I think you found a lot more to
do in Australia, for example. But obviously, Brazil still has the challenges with COVID or bigger challenges,
just about these more peripheral markets that we get less meaningful on.

Stephen F. Angel
CEO & Director

Yes, okay. So the first question on Linde Engineering and nominally speaking, it's a much smaller percent
of Linde today than it was of the old Linde AG. It's probably -- if I go back, look, about 5% of the EBITDA
of our company is Linde Engineering. So it can't swing us too much one way or the other. But it is doing
quite well. The team is executing very well. They have -- a lot of this is picking the right projects over the
years in addition to executing well. A lot of this is they have more gas projects to work on, so we're able
to leverage their cost infrastructure much better by adding the Praxair sale of gas to the equation. If I
look at their backlog today, they probably have close to 2 years of backlog in front of them to continue
to execute, and that's a pretty good place to be. I don't have the order pipeline. I'm not looking at that

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

LINDE PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

right now. But the orders clearly are less than the sales for Q2, so but there are orders coming in. There
are projects they're working on. I wouldn't say they're mammoth projects today because a lot of those
customers are cautious, as you imagine. But certainly, electronics-type projects. They're working on those.
They're working on a lot of smaller projects around, say, paper projects. As you know, South America, you
mentioned that as very advantaged in paper, working on other types of projects, so there is work coming
in. There is a healthy backlog. I think they'll continue to do pretty well. But if we're sitting here 2 years
from now and the backlog is a lot lower, then we'll have something to address. But we're very conscious
too of our cost and making sure that we're managing costs very carefully as we're looking at the order
pipeline, and then we work out these big projects.

You mentioned Brazil, Mexico and Australia. If you look at South America, clearly, they're dealing with
COVID, but it seems like they're always dealing with something in South America. But when I look at their
operating margins coming out of Q2, they're at 20%, probably not many companies operating in South
America that are running at a 20% kind of operating margin rate. Mexico has always been a good country
for us. We have a very strong presence as we do in Brazil, and we're able to use that to our advantage.

In Australia, I talked about in earlier calls, Australia has been on a nice glide path in terms of improving
the quality of their business. I'm very pleased with the results that we've been seeing there. And I think
they continue to do a good job in Australia.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.

Robert Andrew Koort
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Steve, I wanted to ask a hydrogen question. And I guess it's maybe broad, but how do you insert yourself
into that ecosystem and how do you get paid? Is it an equipment model, is it a sale of gas model? And a
big driver for green to ever come about is a dramatic drop in energy prices. So how do you get aligned
with the energy providers, electricity providers or do you not worry about that? It just seems like maybe a
much different business model than what you've traditionally done in large-scale gas. So how do you get
paid? What's your secret sauce?

Stephen F. Angel
CEO & Director

Well, I'd say we're going to be participating both ways. I mean, for example, we sell hydrogen refueling
stations today. We've been doing that, but we're also providing as part of a package offering. If you look
at the 2 announcements that we made in China, for example, one is partnering with the largest green
power supplier in China. And we're going to be providing hydrogen refueling stations. We're going to be
providing a PEM electrolyzer and we're going to be providing hydrogen by the molecule. So that's what the
nature of that venture is. But here, we're kind of partnering with somebody different than we might have
in the past. It's a renewable power supplier. And this is to provide green hydrogen to buses that are going
to be operating around Beijing, going to the Great Wall and all of that.

And then you've got a project in the south where we have had a JV actually with CNOOC on the industrial
gases side for some time. They want to branch out and do hydrogen for mobility. So we're taking the
hydrogen off the refinery, we'll clean it up. We'll pipe it to some hydrogen refueling stations we're
providing, and we'll kind of build up that market. But that will be a typical sale of gas business model as
well.

So predominantly, sale of gas, that's currently going to be -- certainly is what we're interested in, but
there will be some SOE type of sales. And I think you correctly pointed out, Bob, that renewable power is
a big part of providing green hydrogen. So the scaling up of wind and solar is going to be key to getting
green hydrogen cost down to a point where you close the gap versus conventional. And we can only assist
in that so much. But certainly, that's a key part of that. And as I said earlier, hydrogen is seen as an
enabler to renewable power because one of the issues with renewable power, as everyone knows, it's not
as reliable. The wind doesn't always blow, the sun doesn't always shine. But hydrogen can be a storage

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

LINDE PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

mechanism for energy. And so that's why green hydrogen can actually play a role in helping enable the
growth of renewable power. So some of that remains to be seen how all that's going to play out, but that's
where a lot of the focus is today.

Matthew J. White
Executive VP & CFO

And Bob, this is Matt. Just to maybe add to Steve's point. As far as your question also on aligning with
power providers, as you know, we're one of the largest power purchasers in the world today. We purchase
terawatts of power and we've actively been working for many years already to improve our renewable
energy portfolio. In fact, we recently got it from 35% up to 38% in this year-to-date. So this has been
something that is not new for us. It's something we've been doing for a long, long time. And given that
experience, given our local relationships with all of these power producers around the world, it does give
us an opportunity to leverage that in helping make this a more successful for green hydrogen, and we're
able to connect our technologies and engineering and local presence with these purchased opportunities
that we already have today in the relationships.

Robert Andrew Koort
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got it. That's helpful. And I'm going to say it's a nice relief to talk about something that's not pandemic-
related lately. But on that regard, for my second question, just curious, maybe in the aerospace business
or in the hospitality CO2 business, is there any risk that you might need to take an impairment on those
businesses given these fundamental changes in how those businesses are doing or the customers of those
businesses?

Matthew J. White
Executive VP & CFO

Bob, I'm Matt. This is Matt. No concerns there whatsoever. I mean the aerospace business book value
is actually quite, quite low. We still generate good profits. And as you can imagine, that PST business is
really 3 businesses in one. It's an aviation, it has an industrial, and then it has an energy that works on
things like industrial gas turbines and other forms of more energy efficiencies. So all 3 businesses continue
to operate. This is actually an opportunity for us to consolidate some sites, and they're taking appropriate
actions in light of the new environment. And that has always been a very, very well-run business. So
there are no concerns there. And similarly, on the hospitality CO2 business, remember, that is a high-
rent business. So we still continue to get rent on the restaurants that continue to either operate or will
come back and operate again. So while the volumes on Page 17 for food and beverage were down 9%,
and that's the CO2 volumes, to your point, primarily into the hospitality sector, the rent continues. So this
business actually is performing quite well in light of what's going on. And then a rebound, obviously, would
be upside. So no concerns on either whatsoever.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.

Vincent Stephen Andrews
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I think you mentioned that there were some project delays in the backlog, which I suppose is to be
expected in the current environment and that you were seeing some compensation for that. Can you just
give us a sense of how substantial those projects were and the delays? And how is that compensation
accounted for in your financial results?

Stephen F. Angel
CEO & Director

Well, the compensation -- I mean, it can happen in various ways. We could be compensation-ed upfront
in terms of project delays with cash compensation or it can be built into the final price. Usually, you would
find it built into the final price. So we end up with at least the same IRR, if not higher, after we go through

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

LINDE PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

the negotiations around the delay. Our contractual language protects us very clearly in terms of -- we
commit to a date. If that date gets delayed, then there has to be compensation to compensate us for that.
So that's how it's addressed and usually, you would see it in the higher revenues, margins and cash flow
because of the delay to compensate for any changes that we would see.

Vincent Stephen Andrews
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. And just maybe just a follow-up on the repurchases and the guidance. I assume there's very little, if
any, repurchases in the third quarter guidance and perhaps some in the full year, but probably very little.
Is that correct?

Matthew J. White
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Vincent, this is Matt. We tend not to put too much of this in the forecast just because, as you know,
it's also a time-weighted aspect. So depending upon when they're done at what point throughout, so
we'll -- as I mentioned earlier to Nicola, we'll get back in the market post this call. We'll continue to be a
participant. And then where we see opportunities, we'll take advantage of that. But right now, I wouldn't
anticipate anything material affecting the share count at this stage.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Mike Sison with Wells Fargo.

Michael Joseph Sison
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Nice quarter. In terms of the volume improvement in June and July, was it pretty even through each of the
segments or geographic regions?

Stephen F. Angel
CEO & Director

Well, I would say, as you know, this kind of all started in China first and then swept through the rest of
Asia. That's why you had some effect from COVID certainly in Q2 as well as in Q1, Q1 China, Q2 more of
the Southern part of Asia. It went to Europe first and then came to the Americas. And of course, we're still
seeing some of that in the Americas. But if you were to look at something like China, we saw improvement
through the quarter in terms of the merchant volume improvement. Our on-site business there has been
very stable, quite strong actually, all the way back to the beginning. Certainly, you can look at Europe,
you can see the improvement from April to May to June. If I look at the U.S. similarly, you can see the
improvement from April to May to June. So really, I guess, I'd go back and answer your question pretty
much across the board, you saw improvement from April to May to June.

Michael Joseph Sison
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Got it. And then it sounds like Lincare continues to do well. Can you maybe talk about the returns? Has
that improved markedly? And do you think that could be sustainable longer term?

Stephen F. Angel
CEO & Director

Yes, it's sustainable. In terms of the level of improvement, it's probably on the order of 1,000 basis points
over a couple of years. So the business has been doing very well. We had put a lot of focus on improving
the performance of that business, both in terms of improving the margins, lowering cost, but also in terms
of CapEx management. We changed some of the compensation metrics around that. And clearly, Lincare
is doing well in an environment like we have today, where they're an important second line of defense
for the hospitals. They -- months ago, they would not have treated one COVID patient. Today, there are
probably over 12,000 COVID patients that they're handling. The government, Medicare has come to the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

LINDE PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

realization that working with us is very important to making sure that patients are transitioned quickly,
that the treatment can be provided, whether it's COVID or other respiratory illnesses. And if they have
1.6 million patients in total, well over 1 million of those would be respiratory-type patients, so paperwork
has been eliminated. We've been able to eliminate face-to-face requirements. That was some of the --
because it's a very document-intensive, paperwork-intensive kind of business whenever you're working
with the government. But a lot of those more bureaucratic processes have been removed, streamlined, so
we're able to operate effectively, and the business continues to perform quite well. And I expect that to
continue.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.

Jeffrey John Zekauskas
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I think I can put my 2 questions in one. Is the Singapore coal gasification -- Singapore gasification project
for 2023 still on schedule? Or has it been delayed? And secondly, you said that it's difficult to distinguish
your cost reduction efforts from merger efforts. Do you have any margin targets of any kind, maybe your
SG&A ratio or your EBIT margin or your EBITDA margin?

Stephen F. Angel
CEO & Director

Well, regarding -- Jeff, regarding -- and I -- this doesn't come as any surprise. As we look at cost, to me
a dollar cost is a dollar cost. I do look at total cash fixed cost as a percent of sales. That's something I
always look at. I look at every RBU around the world, regional business unit. There's 20-some, and I
always look at it in terms of what do I think the appropriate cost structure should be given the type of
business that they are in. And then, of course, we always demand efficiency year-over-year. That's what
a lot of our productivity projects are about. But I'll let Matt can come back and answer this question as far
as other metrics. But that's what I look at very closely, and that's how we drive operating margins along
with the normal productivity pipeline and pricing.

With respect to any specific project, I would rather not comment on that because you have to keep in
mind their customers on the end of all of these things, and I would rather they lead with any commentary
regarding delays.

Matthew J. White
Executive VP & CFO

Okay. And I can pick up to Steve's point a little more, Jeff, on the margin. So I would answer it, thinking
about it this way. So first, let's think about on an external benchmarking basis. Clearly and historically,
there has been demonstration, and I'll talk to operating margins, which I think is an important metric
of how we think about it. EBITDA margins, I'm less interested in. The primary reason is because, as
you know, EBITDA includes the equity income of affiliates. And that is 100% margin every time because
it's not consolidated. There are no revenues. So that is just a function of how structures and ownership
structures, but it really doesn't speak to quality at all. So operating margin is where I focus, that's my
effort, and that's what I think is the most important of the profitability ratios.

So within that, externally, clearly demonstrated mid-20s for an industrial gas company. Even when you
look at our segments externally, the Americas, obviously, operating mid-20s. So at a minimum, on a
global basis, there's nothing preventing us from trying to achieve that on our gases businesses across
all 3 segments. Obviously, you'll have timing of depreciation. You may have some portfolio differences of
packaged gases versus on site. But irrespective, when you add it all together, those are numbers that we
want to achieve and that we believe are absolutely feasible and have been demonstrated.

Internally, we obviously have a lot more benchmarks than what you have visibility to and we look at every
country and their operating margins, how they're structured, what they're able to deliver. So we have, I
would say, even more stringent internal expectations of what needs to happen around margin delivery.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

LINDE PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

And to Steve's point, when you look at price, when you look at inflation and when you look at productivity,
the interrelationship between all those 3 has to be accretive. If that's accretive, it creates a compound
value creation and that's why we always are very intent on cash fixed cost, pricing and the relationship of
those. And then obviously, inflation in the environments you operate.

So this is something we expect every year to try and improve on our operating margins. And then to your
point, other aspects like SG&A as a percentage of sales, sales or profit per headcount, return on capital,
these are things that should improve through this internal operating rhythm and effort. So mid-20s is
demonstrated, and that's clearly the goal, and then we want to continue to work better than that on an
operating margin basis.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Steve Byrne with Bank of America.

Steve Byrne
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

You've laid out on Slide 10 a lot of the lofty green hydrogen goals for many countries. And you mentioned
you're in dialogue with 16 of them. I wanted to ask you whether you think these countries have a plan
for how to implement these lofty goals. Do you see it more as a carbon tax that might have more impact
on the industries that could incorporate green hydrogen or the power companies that could incorporate
it as a feedstock versus funding infrastructure that could be more used in implementing fuel cell-based
transportation, which could be much smaller projects versus the former -- the very large projects that
maybe more capital efficient? Do you have a view as to how those 2 buckets might play out longer term?

Stephen F. Angel
CEO & Director

Well, I think it's going to play out by country. It's going to play out by region. If I look at what's taking
place in Asia, I would say that the Asian countries tend to move faster, whether you're talking about China
or South Korea. Australia, I would put in that category. They tend to move quickly. I think we're going to
need to see a lot of the details of some of these goals that have been -- gone public and see how they're
going to work. I think that there will need to be a carbon tax. I think there needs to be a significant
carbon price. And I -- earlier, I gave a comparison between, say, a gray hydrogen molecule and green
hydrogen as nominally where it is today, so there's a significant difference. I don't think you can charge
hundreds of dollars of carbon tax and have a workable solution. I think the number needs to come down
over time. And that would be coincident with, again, the cost of hydrogen coming down -- from green
hydrogen coming down as well.

So those 2 things are going to need to play out together. And we'll see how all of this evolves, but we're
going to have lots of opportunity to talk about this as we understand more and more about what each
country is intending. All I'm trying to lay out here today is that we're well-positioned in a lot of countries
around the world that are going to be active in this space.

Steve Byrne
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

And I was curious about the level of involvement that your engineering arm has in this initiative. For
example, you mentioned ITM Power as your partner for an electrolyzer, which they have a 2-megawatt
unit, which is certainly suitable for that Germany fuel cell train project that you announced the other
day. But if the big Shell refinery in Rhineland were to convert all of its hydrogen over to green hydrogen,
the project would need to be a gigawatt of electrolysis and is -- your partner has a 2-megawatt. Is your
engineering business involved in designing much larger electrolyzers or are involved in trying to adopt this
technology to get larger scale?

Stephen F. Angel
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

LINDE PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Well, the 2-megawatt module today, we haven't said what the size of the megawatt module is going to
be going forward, so a part of this is larger modules. Part of this is scaling up the plants using our Linde
Engineering capability so that they can bring all of their expertise to bear around the whole balance of
plant because it's not just an electrolysis module. There's a lot of other supporting balance of plant that's
part of that as well. And that's all part of how you bring these costs down. So there are some larger
projects being discussed. The projects that we're working on today, certainly 20-megawatt, I think they're
good-sized projects. I like those projects. Some larger projects being discussed. And I think what you will
find is that with some of the capability that's out there today, say, around alkaline technology, that's like a
100-year-old technology. They haven't really used it for water in several decades, but that certainly is the
intent. My expectation is that the Chinese are going to be very strong players in alkaline, building alkaline
electrolysis equipment. And I think there's certainly going to be players, particularly as we're looking at
some of these much larger scale projects. But right now, most of that's just being discussed. The normal
fare of projects is in sort of the 2-, 5-, 10-, 20-megawatt size range, and we're perfectly happy to focus on
those.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Geoff Haire with UBS.

Geoffrey Robert Haire
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Just trying to size the scale of the hydrogen opportunity. Currently, today, I think hydrogen is roughly 10%
of the sales of the gases of the group. How long do you think it will take before green hydrogen is the
same size?

Stephen F. Angel
CEO & Director

Before green hydrogen is what?

Matthew J. White
Executive VP & CFO

Same size.

Geoffrey Robert Haire
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Same size, green hydrogen. Yes. Given the current landscape that you can see.

Stephen F. Angel
CEO & Director

Well, I think we're -- that's something that there's a lot of activity today. If I use some of the forecasts
that are out there, not necessarily our internal forecast, some of the forecasts that are out there, it says
that by 2030, this could be upwards of $200 billion size market. I'm kind of cautious in that. I want to
see more first. I want to see the market develop. I want to see more of the projects move forward. But
certainly, if it becomes that size, we would have no trouble equaling the size of our current hydrogen
business today by that time frame.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of John McNulty with BMO Capital.

John Patrick McNulty
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Stephen, in some of your opening comments around the core strategy, you highlighted portfolio
optimization. You have a handful of businesses that aren't necessarily kind of industrial gas aligned

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

LINDE PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

necessarily. Any chance that we see an ability for you guys to pare those off in the next, say, 12 months or
so?

Stephen F. Angel
CEO & Director

Well, we're going to -- we certainly -- we're certainly working through the portfolio. There's always a
long list of activities. We divested a couple of things this past quarter. One was a LNG trading business.
Another was a small infusion business. So we're always doing things. We're always making packaged gas
acquisitions and certain kinds of health care acquisitions, we're always looking -- we'll continue to look at.
With respect to some of the larger pieces you might be referring to, with COVID, some of the discussions
we were having just got put on the back burner because potential buyers just aren't in a position to move
forward at this time. But those are things that we'll continue to look at. We have joint ventures we're in
around the world that we've never been a big fan of joint ventures, that we would look to find a better
solution than what we have today. So we can operate these things the way we want to. We're also in some
small countries around the world that, from my vantage point, would have more risk than any benefit in
being in, so we're looking to prune those as well. But there's always activity and a lot of times, it's just a
function of who's on the other end, whether they're ready to move forward or not.

John Patrick McNulty
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Got it. No, that's helpful. And then I guess one more question. Just there's a lot of talk on the hydrogen
side. At the same time, look, there's a lot of stimulus factors we've been hearing about that are very
heavily green related. Hydrogen also is obviously in that vein. Would you say you're more excited at
this point about the potential for carbon sequestration tied to whether it's the green initiatives or the
push on the hydrogen mobility market? Or are you more excited right now about the hydrogen mobility
opportunity? How should we be thinking about that, say, over the next 5 years?

Stephen F. Angel
CEO & Director

I would say right now, the hydrogen mobility is something that is more active. And clearly, if you look at
-- if you go back to the number I mentioned, that if we could convert 1% of all fuel today used in heavy
haul trucking to fuel cell electric vehicles, that's a $20 billion market itself. So the size of that market
is enormous. There is a lot of interest in that. That's what most of the regulations you see today are
targeting. China, 1 million fuel cell vehicles, 1,000 hydrogen refueling stations; South Korea, 3 million fuel
cell vehicles; California, 1 million. So the target really is around -- the target of these countries, the focus
is really around fuel cell vehicles and hydrogen refueling stations. So I would say that presents a bigger
opportunity. The carbon capture and sequestration tends to be a little bit more one-offs. Again, it's going
to be in countries where you have low-cost natural gas to begin with, like the United States. And as I said
earlier, they're not really -- as a country, we're not really moving forward quickly at this point. So that
can change. We can see more of that in the future. But right now, that's the way this opportunity slate is
shaping up.

Operator

And our last question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.

Laurence Alexander
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

I guess, just last one on. Given the scope of the projects available for the on-site business, how do
you think about return on capital hurdles? Or how do you think that the packaged gas and merchant
businesses compete for capital going forward? And do you have any temptation to shift the merchant gas
towards a more explicit pricing over volume strategy?

Stephen F. Angel
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

LINDE PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Well, we're always looking to balance price and volume when you're looking at the merchant liquid market.
I mean, generally speaking, it's pretty profitable across the board. But that has to be done granularly. And
what I mean by that, you have to look at it customer by customer. Look, if you have a low-margin account
pushing pricing hard, there's a lot of upside. If you have a high-margin account, you want to be thoughtful
in terms of how you manage the whole pricing expectation around that. So that's how I think about the
merchant pricing in general. That's really how I think about package pricing, but any projects they want
to bring forward, clearly, it's got to stand on its own. It's got to make good strategic sense from a product
and a location standpoint. It's got to meet our return criteria. And the same thing is true back to the on-
site. It has to meet our -- we have not changed our return criteria. We're still looking for good spreads
above our cost of capital, and we look at each project opportunity through that lens.

Matthew J. White
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And just to add to that, Laurence, this is Matt. As you know, we make 15-, 20-year investments. And
if you do it right, it could be 50- or 60-year investments. So we have to think about our return criteria
over the long haul. And as you know, often, these on-site investments are not 2-tailed risks. They tend to
be 1-tailed risk to the downside because you have liquid advantages, you have performance requirements.
So you have to be very thoughtful throughout all the cycles on when you make these investments. So
that's something that we're not going to change. And every cycle is different. And as Steve mentioned,
today, electronics and mining, things like that are doing well. And with stimulus coming in, in a year or 2,
that could change the balance of some other industries. So we have to think long range, and we always
want to maintain that long-range view when we make these investments.

Operator

And this does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back to Juan
Pelaez for closing remarks.

Juan Pelaez
Head of Investor Relations

Chris, thanks, again. And thank you, everyone, for participating in today's call. If you have any questions,
feel free to reach out to me directly. Stay safe.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

LINDE PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

