Lockheed Martin Corporation NYSE:LMT
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Monday, July 26, 2021 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

6.52

6.52

Revenue  (mm)

16933.54

17029.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-26-2021 2:01 PM GMT

0.00

0.56

6.69

26.64

27.91

17204.53

68334.49

70899.17

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

6.10

6.41

6.31

6.52

6.25

6.38

6.56

6.52

2.46 %

(0.47 %)

3.96 %

0.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 26, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Greg Gardner
Vice President of Investor
Relations

James D. Taiclet
Chairman, President & CEO

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Cai von Rumohr
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

David Egon Strauss
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Douglas Stuart Harned
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Joseph William DeNardi
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Kristine Tan Liwag
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Myles Alexander Walton
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Noah Poponak
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Peter J. Arment
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Robert Michael Spingarn
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Seth Michael Seifman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Sheila Karin Kahyaoglu
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 26, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome, everyone, to the Lockheed Martin Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Results
Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded.

At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Greg Gardner,
Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.

Greg Gardner
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, John, and good morning. I'd like to welcome everyone to our second quarter 2021 earnings
conference call. Joining me today on the call are Jim Taiclet, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive
Officer; and Ken Possenriede, our Chief Financial Officer.

Statements made in today's call that are not historical fact are considered forward-looking statements
and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of federal securities law. Actual results may differ
materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Please see today's press release and
our SEC filings for a description of some of the factors that may cause actual results to differ materially
from those in the forward-looking statements.

We have posted charts on our website today that we plan to address during the call to supplement our
comments. These charts also include information regarding non-GAAP measures that may be used in
today's call. Please access our website at www.lockheedmartin.com and click on the Investor Relations link
to view and follow the charts.

With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim.

James D. Taiclet
Chairman, President & CEO

Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today on our second quarter 2021
earnings call. I'll begin my remarks this morning with a few comments on our financial results, which Ken
will elaborate on in a few minutes.

Our second quarter sales increased 5% over last year's second quarter, as each business area exceeded
2020 levels, led by our Space team. Our Space business grew over 10% this quarter due to growth in
hypersonics; next-generation overhead persistent infrared, or OPIR, satellite activities; and increased
support provided to the U.K. Ministry of Defense's Atomic Weapons Establishment program, which will
close out our management of that activity.

Our segment operating profit was impacted this quarter by a onetime charge associated with the classified
program in our Aeronautics business area. While the classified nature of this program precludes us from
discussing this matter in depth, we can say that our customer is highly attracted to the capabilities that we
are developing on their behalf, that we're committed to delivering these capabilities and that the long-term
potential of this solution is significant for the company.

Our cash generation remains strong, driving $1.3 billion of cash from operations this quarter, after making
$1.4 billion of accelerated payments to our supply base, as we continue to mitigate the risks brought on
by COVID-19 for our supply chain.

Our cash generation and the strength of our balance sheet gave us the ability to complete a $500 million
accelerated share repurchase agreement this quarter, in addition to the $1 billion ASR executed last
quarter, thereby bringing our year-to-date repurchases to $1.5 billion.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 26, 2021

We remain confident in our ability to continue driving strong cash generation and supporting balanced
cash deployment actions, including investing in key technologies to provide our customers with enhanced
capabilities and returning cash to shareholders.

Turning to budgets. The White House submitted their fiscal year 2022 budget proposal to Congress,
requesting $715 billion for the Department of Defense, an $11 billion increase from the FY '21 enacted
budget. Our programs continue to be well supported, including over $12 billion for the F-35 program;
approximately $3.5 billion for our signature Sikorsky helicopters; and over $2 billion for hypersonics
programs.

The President's budget request prioritizes funding for innovation and modernization as well, in recognition
of the need to invest in technologies and capabilities to address the great power competition the nation
now faces. These include areas of strength within the Lockheed Martin portfolio such as continued support
for air and missile defense programs; FAD PAC-3 and our recent next-generation interceptor award; space
domain initiatives, including OPIR and GPS III satellites; and the Space Development Agency's transport
layer architecture.

The Defense Department request also focused on investments in advanced capability enablers. We believe
this vision of deterrence and innovation is well aligned with our broad portfolio and our 21st Century
Warfare vision.

In congressional March to date of the FY '22 defense budget request, we continue to see strong support
from the Hill for all of our programs, which include increases for F-35, C-130, CH-53K and UH-60
programs, and fully approved budget requests for many of our other systems.

Turning to some strategic and operational achievements from this quarter, I'd like to begin by highlighting
the company's participation in Northern Edge 21, a U.S. Indo-Pacific Command exercise in support of the
Pacific deterrence initiative. This live exercise included multiple U.S. military services across a very wide
geographic area with the goal of enhancing joint interoperability between the services and the various
domains that they operate in.

Signature programs from all 4 of our business areas participated in this event, and we successfully
demonstrated Joint All Domain Command and Control, known as JADC2. We demonstrated capabilities
such as enhanced situational awareness by integrating sensors across land, sea, air and space, for
example.

Among our successful demonstrations of JADC2 during the exercise was, one, enabling Aegis and PAC-3
MSE integration for integrated air and missile defense against advanced threats. Also using the F-35 to
provide real-time tracking and targeting data generated near San Diego during a flight to the all-domain
operations center in Alaska for prosecution and fire control; also facilitating space-based connectivity at
the same time using the MUOS narrowband satellite communications constellation; and also supporting
the Air National Guard demonstration of a new data link capability with our Legion Pod, which integrates
our infrared search-and-track targeting sensor technology into that broader network.

The Northern Edge exercise demonstrated our integrated offensive and defensive fires capability, our
satellite communication links as well as the ability to adapt joint battle management concepts in real time.
One of my goals in the first year as CEO of Lockheed Martin was to actually demonstrate the benefits of
network effects to our customers using existing platforms under our 21st Century Warfare concept. Our
integrated performance in Northern Edge did exactly that, and we are just getting started.

Moving to some specific business area highlights. In Aeronautics, Switzerland's Federal Council announced
its decision to purchase 36 F-35A conventional takeoff and landing, or CTOL aircraft, along with
sustainment and training services as part of their Air2030 modernization program. This is a significant win
for Lockheed Martin with an initial value of $5.5 billion and a total value of approximately $15 billion over
30 years.

The F-35 was selected over the F-18, the Rafale and the Eurofighter because of its survivability,
information superiority and comprehensively network systems. The Swiss Council also noted that the F-35
delivered outstanding value, offering both the lowest procurement and operational cost across all those

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 26, 2021

competing aircraft. Switzerland will become the 15th nation to join the program since its inception, and
we're excited to welcome them into the F-35 community.

In Rotary and Mission Systems, the U.S. Navy awarded our Sikorsky team a contract for 9 CH-53K heavy-
lift helicopters for production Lot 5, which was worth nearly $900 million, and we're continuing to drive
cost down and provide reduced unit prices to our customer.

The award also included the option for 9 additional King Stallion aircraft for Lot 6, which, when those are
exercised, would represent over $1.9 billion in order for the Lot 5 and 6 combined. Including the previous
Lot 5 award, we've received orders for 33 53Ks out of a Navy program record of 200, so a long way to
go. Over 80% of the domestic aircraft quantities are still in front of us, and interest from international
customers is driving additional opportunities.

Also in RMS, our C6ISR team participated in a unique collaboration with the Air Force to integrate
critical battle management capabilities from our Command & Control legacy product, the Theater Battle
Management Control System, or TBMCS, into the Air Force's new Kessel Run All Domain Operations Suite.

The TBMCS was first declared a system of record in 2000 and performs the planning and execution of air
missions, interfacing with many other operations, intelligence and C2 systems throughout the U.S. armed
services. Our RMS team delivered a cloud-based architecture and delivery plan to enhance capabilities and
migrate TBMCS data into the Kessel Run operation suite in support of pilots and commanders executing
joint air campaigns. It's another example of our 21st Century Warfare concept in action with our Air Force
customer in this case.

In Missiles and Fire Control, our integrated air and missile defense line of business delivered the first
PAC-3 Missile Segment Enhancement, or MSE, interceptors to Sweden, providing our country with the
world's most advanced air defense capabilities to defend against incoming threats. Sweden now becomes
1 of 10 international customers to choose PAC-3 MSE missiles.

In addition, our Space business area successfully launched 2 new satellites in support of critical national
security space objectives. Our fifth Space Based Infrared System and Geosynchronous Earth Orbit, or
SBIRS GEO-5 satellite, successfully deployed from its United Launch Alliance Atlas V rocket and is now
communicating with the operations team from the U.S. Space Force.

SBIRS GEO-5 is the latest satellite to join the Space Force's orbiting early warning missile constellation
and is equipped with powerful surveillance sensors to support ballistic missile defense and expand
technical intelligence gathering and bolster situational awareness for the guardians that are defending the
U.S. and its allies. The SBIRS GEO-5 satellite is the first military satellite built on an LM 2100 Combat Bus.
That's a more resilient, modernized and modular space vehicle originally developed using Lockheed Martin
internal investment.

Also the fifth global positioning system, our GPS-III satellite, was also successfully launched this quarter.
The GPS III Space Vehicle 05 is the 31st operational GPS satellite in the constellation with significant
advancements over previous GPS-based vehicles, including 3x better accuracy and improved anti-jamming
capabilities. The GPS-III and OPIR satellite constellations are both Lockheed Martin signature programs
and represent key elements of our network-centric 21st Century Warfare concept.

And lastly, our Space business area was selected by NASA to build spacecraft for 2 separate missions to
Venus. Lockheed Martin will design, build and operate the VERITAS orbiter to investigate the surface and
subsurface of Venus and the DAVINCI+ vehicle to research the planet's atmosphere. This mission is build
on our legacy Magellan program for the exploration of Venus and will represent NASA's first return to the
planet in more than 3 decades.

These achievements from across the company highlight our focus on providing innovative solutions and
the strength that our broad portfolio gives us to support our customers' missions and their all-domain
objectives.

I'll close my remarks today with a quick status on the strategic acquisition of Aerojet Rocketdyne that
we announced last December, a transaction that we believe will enhance Lockheed Martins as well as

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 26, 2021

all of industry's ability to meet our future national security and civil space objectives when it comes to
propulsion.

We are committed to achieving the key DoD priorities of reducing cost, increasing the quality and speed of
new products, in addition to enhancing Aerojet Rocketdyne's position as a leading merchant supplier to all
of the industry.

We remain in the process of responding to the Federal Trade Commission's second request for information,
which we received earlier in the year, a step in the review process that we had expected. We continue
to engage with the FTC and Department of Defense stakeholders regularly as part of their review. And
pending approval, we hope to -- and expect to close the transaction in the fourth quarter of this year.

With that, I'll turn it over to Ken.

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. As I highlight our results, please follow along with the web
charts that we have included with our earnings release today.

Let's begin with Chart 3 and an overview of our results for the quarter. We saw solid growth in sales and
earnings per share. Segment operating profit was comparable to last year's second quarter total due to
the $225 million impact of a classified aeronautics program, while cash from operations was $1.3 billion,
exceeding our expectations for the quarter.

For the second consecutive quarter, cash returned to shareholders exceeded 100% of free cash flow as we
executed another $500 million of share repurchases, in addition to $721 million of dividends paid.

Despite the issue of a single contract, we are able to increase our outlook for earnings per share and hold
our full year outlook for all other key financial metrics.

Turning to Chart 4. We compare our sales and segment operating profit this year with last year's results.
Second quarter sales grew 5% compared with 2020 to $17 billion, continuing our expected growth of the
business, while segment operating profit remained at approximately $1.8 billion comparable to last year's
results.

Chart 5 shows our earnings per share for the second quarter of 2021. Our earnings per share of $6.52 was
$0.73 above our results last year driven by volume, reduced share count and higher FAS/CAS income.

On Chart 6, we will look at our cash generation and distributions for the second quarter. Subtracting our
capital expenditures from approximately $1.3 billion of cash from operations, our free cash flow was
$950 million. By executing additional share repurchases of $500 million in the second quarter, as well as
providing our dividend of $2.60 per share, we were able to generate -- excuse me, we were able to return
129% of free cash flow to our stockholders this quarter.

Moving on to Chart 7. As we noted, we are increasing our outlook for earnings per share and holding our
outlook for sales, segment operating profit and cash from operations.

Looking at Chart 8. We are increasing the sales outlook for RMS by $150 million, and that's primarily
driven by volume at Sikorsky, as well as a $25 million increase at our Space business area and, combined,
offset the downward adjustment at Aeronautics, keeping total sales consistent with our prior guidance.

And on Chart 9, we show the increased segment operating profit range for RMS, Missiles and Fire Control
and Space, also offsetting the impact realized at Aeronautics, which allowed us to hold our guidance for
the year. And we will continue to pursue cost takeout and margin improvement opportunities across the
corporation.

On Chart 10, we take a closer look at our update to the guidance for 2021 earnings per share. Program
performance and continued cost takeout offset our impact at Aeronautics, and we also saw improvements

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 26, 2021

to earnings per share from investments and other nonoperational items, along with the benefit of our
continued share repurchases.

To conclude on Chart 11, we have our summary. We continue to see sales growth year-over-year as
well as strong operational cash performance, while still accelerating cash to our supply chain to meet
commitments vital to our national security. And as noted, we have increased our full outlook for earnings
per share and are holding all other key metrics as we look ahead to the second half of 2021.
And with that, John, we're ready to begin the Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 26, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And first with the line of Doug Harned with Bernstein.

Douglas Stuart Harned
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Jim, I wanted to see if you could describe some of the things that would likely drive growth at Lockheed
Martin. You talked some about the budget, but we're now in a fairly flat budget environment, and
Lockheed Martin's revenues have moved higher, but the backlog has really not grown during the last 18
months, as some legacy programs have naturally flattened.

You highlighted some good growth areas like hypersonics and space. But when you look at the next 5
years, do you believe you can get mid-single-digit, say, top line growth in this environment particularly
given flat recent backlogs? I mean, basically, what should we look for that could take backlogs higher and
drive enough growth to offset potential declines in mature programs?

James D. Taiclet
Chairman, President & CEO

Doug, with the resurgence of great power competition with China and Russia, the defense enterprise
overall, it's at an inflection point. And when I say defense enterprise, I mean government military and
industry. It needs to change. And where I think I can address your question is during that period of
change, and it's very important and critical that we start it now, that Lockheed Martin is in a position with
its breadth of platforms and systems and its cutting-edge technology to both drive and benefit from that
needed change.

And so, yes, over the next 5 years, we're going to strive for mid-single-digit growth. And I'm energized
and enthusiastic about working with our government military leaders, which we've already started, and
with our defense sector and telecom and technology sectors partners that we're going to have in the
future to do this. And I'm convinced that our shareholders are going to benefit from our leadership here.

We're going to benefit in a couple of ways, and one of them is going to be by enhancing the value of our
legacy programs, including the obvious F-35 is a much valuable -- more valuable platform when you take
advantage of the network effect that it can deliver by connecting sensors across domains, adding 5G.MIL
capability to our comm system, so that we can communicate with satellites directly, et cetera, you end up
getting a whole network effect with the value to the defense enterprise, and the deterrent value is going
to go up by implementing this across our technology roadmap over the next number of years, our existing
systems.

So I'm very energized about the growth prospect. I think we have a uniquely positioned capability to
drive it, and that we've got a unique capability to interact with commercial industry in a whole number of
sectors to help it happen.

Douglas Stuart Harned
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

If I can follow up on that. When you talk about the inflection point, is this something that we should be
looking for with respect to what Congress is doing, what the administration is doing? Or is it already
embedded in the budget because the budget doesn't seem to set up for a lot of growth as it stands right
now?

James D. Taiclet
Chairman, President & CEO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 26, 2021

The inflection point of need is here, Doug, but the system we work within does not move abruptly, let's
say. So it's got to migrate over a period of time in its way, if you will, and Congress will have a part in
that.

It's going to be a little bit more deliberate as far as the budget turns out. But within that budget, we
intend to make our products platforms and services the leading edge and, therefore, the most attractive
ways to allocate that budget in all the domains that we serve.

So we're actually not expecting our 21st Century Warfare concept to get funded independently. Rather,
we're going to use that to make our current and future platforms way more competitive, way more
attractive, use a network effect to get more value for money for the government and see how the budget
can shift our way depending on -- in fact, irrespective of how much the top line grows.

Let me ask Ken to follow up on that.

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Chief Financial Officer

Doug, if I could, I'll give -- I'll just give you a little more color that will hopefully complement what
Jim said. So if you think about our portfolio and where we are and where we're going, so F-35, rough
numbers, 27%, 28% of our portfolio. And you think about where we are and where we're going with that
program, so we're right now for production in the midst of our -- what's called a production rebaseline,
and that's basically due to COVID and trying to get our Technology Refresh 3 on Lot 15 and Block 4 onto
Lot 16.

The customer -- the joint program office is working with all the key constituents to look at what
makes sense. As you recall, this year, we're going to deliver anywhere from 133 to 139 aircraft. What
makes sense next year and the next couple of years, to make sure we maximize when we put that key
technology on that aircraft.

So you're going to likely see, once that gets revealed, and hopefully, it'll be -- we'll be able to reveal that
with the customer when we give trend data in October, but it's likely to show the plateau of production
slightly pushed out to the right, but also elongating, if you will.

So I think, at least in the next couple of years, there is likely some opportunity there from a production
standpoint. There is definitely opportunity for us in sustainment. If you think about it, only roughly 40%,
50% of the bases are stood up, so we still have a lot of work to do there.

We're also going to have many more aircraft in the fleet in the next couple of years. Think of it in the
next couple of years, we're going to have over 1,000 aircraft in the fleet, which are going to require more
sparing. That modernization I just talked about, working with the customer, we're also going to have to
modernize some aircraft to put this new technology on aircraft that are already in the fleet. So that's one
area.

Sticking with Aeronautics, you have F-16, which is an international play. We have a backlog of 128 aircraft.
That is going to continue to grow top line as well skunkworks. That's going to become a larger part of the
Aeronautics platform.

And just sticking internationally, we see strong demand for our integrated air missile defense products. If
you look at our helicopter programs, we're just starting to deliver CH-53 aircraft program a record of 200.
Plus the Israelis, hopefully, there'll be a couple of other countries that have an interest in that platform.
And then there's future vertical lift, which will give us a huge uplift in the middle of this decade going
forward when we win those programs.

And then there's Space. You mentioned hypersonics. That is going to be a nice complementary part of that
portfolio. I agree, it's not going to dramatically move the needle, but you're going to have those programs
go into production in the middle of this decade, which will give us some uplift.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 26, 2021

And then national security space, whether it's classified, OPIR, NGI, we'll see some strong growth there.
So we feel pretty good -- complementing what Jim said, we feel pretty good about our prospects going
forward.

Operator

Our next question is from Cai von Rumohr with Cowen.

Cai von Rumohr
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

And good overall quarter given the classified issue. So you did an ASR in the quarter, and then you had
this classified adjustment. Did you know at the time you did the ASR this would happen? Because I would
have thought, if you saw it come in, you would have waited to do the ASR.

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Chief Financial Officer

Good talk. This is Ken. I'll take that. So if you think about when we did the ASR, we basically put that in
place the day after we were allowed to trade again, which would have been a day after earnings.

And as I mentioned before, if you look at the large amount of cash that we have, our thought back then,
and it still remains today, we continue to have that cash on our balance sheet. And we believe we're going
to continue to have that after Aerojet Rocketdyne.

We're going to remain in the market. That was our thought process in April when we did the $500 million
ASR. We're highly likely based on where our stock price is trading today. We're going to enter the market
again as soon as we're able to. May not be an ASR, but we're going to go into the open market and buy
back more stock. It just absolutely makes sense to do that.

Regarding when we knew about the charge, that basically happened in the May time period. It became
clear based on, from a process standpoint, Cai, we had a joint customer Lockheed Martin review to do
a deep dive on the program. And then we also did one, that was Lockheed Martin only, to provide an
additional assurance function.

So we've done a very thorough assessment of the situation, and that was done in the May time period.
And in fact, in the June time period, we reported out to our Board. So Jim, myself, and Frank St. John,
our COO, reported out to the Board. And we also had what's called a Classified Business and Security
Committee meeting, and we actually owe them a comeback in September. So that all initiated in May.

We're very comfortable with the charge. So just to give a little bit of a flavor of that $225 million. That
is for the development portion of this program. Think of that as roughly 40% of that cost has already
occurred, and the other 60% is embedded in the new estimate to complete.

So we're not assuming that this program goes forward with the -- excuse me, the prior ETC. It is a new
estimate to complete with that overrun embedded. So we think we have a good handle on that. And from
a timing standpoint, it was after the ASR was put in place.

Operator

Our next question is from Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.

Noah Poponak
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Ken, maybe you can just -- I know it's classified, and you said there's only so much detail you can provide,
but any incremental color you could give on what exactly happened, where the performance -- what type
of performance issue it is and your -- how you're confident it doesn't linger.

And then just folding that into the total Aeronautics segment margin, the revised annual segment EBIT
guidance for the segment implies that margin picks right back up even to above where it was pre 2Q. How

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 26, 2021

do you do that with the reset number on this program? Plus I think you mentioned in the release, F-35
margin didn't go up. So any color you can provide on where the segment's margin goes from here?

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Chief Financial Officer

You bet. So yes, let's first talk about the classified program. And I will assure you, Noah, and for
everybody on the call, what we are able to say, we've got approval from the customer. And hopefully, I've
given you guys enough experience where I'll be as transparent as I can. But on this, there's only so much
we could say.

So as I answered Cai's question, Noah, we've done a lot of independent reviews. We've done reviews with
the customer. We think, today, based on all the information we have, it's a development contract that we
believe will be successful from a schedule and performance standpoint and then ultimately will turn into a
production program.

And we also believe there are additional opportunities out there. And I'll assure you, we believe, I could
say is that there is still a very strong business case given these associated opportunities. So this will be
a great program for our customers, and I'm talking about all the customers out there that are going to
utilize this, and it will be a good program for the Lockheed Martin Corporation.

Regarding Aeronautics, Noah, you've got it right. For the second half of the year, we're basically assuming
a little bit over 11% return on sales. And think of that as it's got to be primarily F-35. It will be --
from that standpoint, we are assuming some risk retirements on some production programs. I have
mentioned in the past on the block buy, we have taken a pause on risk retirements until we see improved
performance there probably next year. But there are other lots out there.

Back to the comments we made about our cost takeout initiatives, cost competitive niches and our strong
performance in other parts of the portfolio, we believe F-35 production, there's other opportunities out
there for us to have risk retirements.

F-16, we'll also see some improvement as will C-130. So I think you got that right. Aeronautics, we feel
comfortable being around 11% or a little bit above 11% return on sales for the second half of the year.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley.

Kristine Tan Liwag
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Maybe switching gears, Directed Energy has been one of the key areas of advanced capabilities that the
DoD has highlighted as an important category. How meaningful is it that the Navy is fielding the HELIOS
on the DDG-51 Arleigh Burke? How much of a contributor could this be to long-term top line growth,
maybe in the next 5 years? And also how far away are we until we see miniaturization of this kind of
technology where you could deploy it on a platform like the F-35?

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Chief Financial Officer

So Kristine, it's Ken. I'll take that one. So yes, we are in the thick of that with the contracts that you
described, and we're very pleased with the performance we've had on these programs. And we're also
pleased where we think the customer is going.

I think we'll see a dramatic increase with our involvement, but you have to put that in perspective relative
to the size of what it is. But it will be accretive from a top line standpoint. It's just for a $68 billion
company that will continue to grow at least in the next 5 years, Kristine. It's not going to be, I'd say, a
material impact.

In terms of miniaturization, we're working that with the customer. I think, based on what we've seen,
we're some ways away from that, though. But we'll give you an update when there is one to give.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 26, 2021

Operator

And next, we'll go to Myles Walton with UBS.

Myles Alexander Walton
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Ken, this might be another one for you. Could you talk about the second half trends implied on cash flow
to get to that $8.9 billion of -- greater than $8.9 billion? Obviously, that would imply materially better than
you've ever done in the second half.

And then similarly, if you can just color the backlog. Is it -- do you have confidence you can get back to
that 1 47, 1 50 level? Is the F-35 progressing such that those will actually close this year? Just color on
those 2 things.

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Chief Financial Officer

You're right. So Myles, we've done, for the first half of the year, a little over $3 billion, which would tell
you we need to do $6.9 billion. And based on what I'm seeing, the lion's share of that, I'm not giving
you much comfort. But once I finish, I will, hopefully. The lion's share of that $6.9 billion is in the fourth
quarter.

And really, the driver there is we're in the midst -- and a lot of this is due to COVID. We're in the midst
of renegotiating, if you will, the timing and the amount of performance-based payments on the F-35
program. That's specifically block buy. We're working through that now.

And if you look at January 1 to the end of the second quarter, rough numbers, our contract assets grew
by roughly $1.9 billion. The lion's share of that is F-35, and the lion's share of that is performance-based
payments timing, if you will, of when we liquidate that for F-35.

We believe we're on a path with the customer to close on that -- this is the third quarter, to close on that
in the third quarter. And just to give you a little more color, we think working -- excuse me, we think
contract assets are going to grow another $500 million in the third quarter and then in the fourth quarter,
and most of that will be before December.

To give you some comfort, we'll be liquidating contract assets to the point where we only see contract
assets growing in total by an immaterial amount. They'll come down quite a bit, and that's driven by the
fourth quarter. And most of that is driven by Aeronautics.

There is some work that needs to be done from a cash collection standpoint at RMS as well, but the lion's
share of that is Aeronautics. And we feel really bullish, Myles, about the $8.9 billion of cash also this year.

In terms of backlog, I think we've already stated that -- so you've got Lot 15 that we thought -- for F-35
that we thought would settle last year. We believe it's now going to settle this year. There's just a lot of
complications going on, and we think the joint program office working with all the constituents, it has a
very difficult job, but they're doing a really great job of coordinating what the demands and the needs are
of the services, plus the international customers.

We think that will close in the third quarter. But because of that, we have little to no comfort that Lot 16 is
going to close this year. So we're actually out looking that to close next year, and that's a sizable order.

It's just timing, which means, right now, we're forecasting backlog to end this year at about $143 billion.
So we're actually going to erode backlog this year. But as I -- again, I'll stress that's all timing. And for
Lockheed Martin, we've gotten enough advanced funding on those lots for 15 and 16 where it's not an
impact to us. It will just be optically a reduction in backlog.

Operator

Our next question is from Peter Arment with Baird.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 26, 2021

Peter J. Arment
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Jim, question, I guess, on sticking on F-35. Maybe could you touch upon just maybe the investments that
Lockheed is making to reduce sort of the life cycle cost, the F-35? And do you expect to increase any of
your internal spending just given the sustainment discussion continues to grow louder and, I guess, in
front of your potential PBL contract with the Air Force?

And maybe, Ken, if you could just touch upon when you think the PBL contract could come into play as
well.

James D. Taiclet
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure. We spent about $500 million to date in investments to improve the sustainability cost of F-35 there,
Peter, and we'll continue to make reasonable investments as we go forward.

But there's a perspective that I can give you from a former Air Force pilot because operationally and on
the line where the pilots and the commanders are flying the jets and defending the country and doing the
missions, there's actually a lot of good things happening, and they'll tell you this themselves.

But first of all, you can go to the performance metrics, meaning that flight hour between failure metric,
when can you expect to fly the jet before you've got to get a spare airplane that day. It's nearly double the
contractual requirement. And so the pilots, when they get an assignment, the detail number for a mission
on any given day, they're twice as likely to get in that airplane and fly the mission as they are in any other
fourth-gen plane.

On top of that, it's about twice as reliable as a fourth-generation fighter. And meanwhile, the labor hours
of maintenance needed for each of those flight hours is about 2/3 of the contractual requirements. So if
you get out to bases and talk to commanders who have either in their wings, F-35s and other aircraft or
they've commanded different squadrons of different types of aircraft, they'll tell you that for the frontline
performance in the area of operations, if you will, the F-35 is sort of head and shoulders above the legacy
aircraft.

In fact, the Air Force had about 18 months in CENTCOM recently where they just got back from that tour,
if you will. They had 1,300 sorties with F-35, and the mission-capable rate was nearly 75%, sometimes
80% to 90% any given week. And that's really, really strong. I haven't been out and done this before. I
can tell you that's top shelf.

Now on the other hand, the affordability we need to address, and I've met with each of the Service Chiefs
and the Chairman to employ all of us to work together on this. Lockheed Martin, with that $500 million
investment over the last few years, has taken about 40% of the cost that we can control out of our
purview, if you will, already.

We're going to shoot for another 40% over the next 5 years. But somehow, 40% keeps coming up. We're
only about [ 40% ] of the total cost. So 60% is propulsion and military government cost.

If we don't have an all-in strategy together to address this, we're not going to hit the goals. And so,
again, when I meet with the Chiefs and the Chairman and hopefully soon with the Service Chiefs, we will
all get together on a tiger team and address this in the only way it can be successfully addressed as an
integrated team. So that's how we're going to approach it.

I do agree with the team at Aeronautics that there is a way to get this cost per flying hour on an A model
of 25,000 an hour, but it's got to be an all-in approach. And we're going to keep doing our part, of course.
But I'm personally involved in trying to pull the wider team together to get that done.

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 26, 2021

So Peter, just based on timing, based on what Jim just said, we are starting to see a lot of interest. If
you recall, we issued a white paper that described how we would drive down the cost. We described how
industry would sign up to service level agreements. And as Jim mentioned, we are making great progress
with the industry consortium.

And we do think we have Pratt & Whitney from a propulsion standpoint, and the service is fully engaged
now. And we believe we're going to soon be responding to an RFP. They're going to take a lot of the key
pieces out of our white paper for us then to, what I'll call, answer a conventional request for proposal. And
we're hopeful that early next year, we, industry could be under contract for some type of performance-
based logistics concept.

And I'll just remind you that this is likely not going to be a top line enhancement play for us. That's
probably all embedded. But assuming the industry is incentivized to hit these targets or to overachieve
these targets, it could potentially be a return on sales play for us.

Operator

Our next question is from David Strauss with Barclays.

David Egon Strauss
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

The -- in the fiscal '22 budget, the Next Gen Air Dominance program is all nice plus up. Can you talk about
the role you're playing on that program, whether that work is all classified at this point or not?

And then, I guess, Ken, could you also touch on the R&D tax amortization issue, where that stands? Has
there been any movement in potentially doing that?

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. I'll take both. Yes, unfortunately, David, NGAD, everything about NGAD is classified. The only thing I
will say is you've heard the customers. The DoD say that F-35 is not going to be a bill payer of NGAD, and
I still think that's still the answer out there, which is good news for the -- our great fifth-gen aircraft. But
unfortunately, everything else regarding NGAD is classified, and we can't discuss what our role or not our
role is.

Regarding the amortization of R&D, we're still working with a lot of our constituents. When we come out
with trend data in October, David, our tax experts are telling us, unfortunately, at that time, it's likely not
to be settled. So it is likely we will offer trend data for '22.

That would -- right now, what we see is, assuming this issue goes away or gets deferred and does not
impact '22 cash, we see $9 billion or greater of cash from operations next year. So we're in the midst of
going through our long-range plan. So hopefully, we'll be able to reaffirm that.

But we're also then also going to have to state that, right now, what we see is this amortization issue
was a $2.1 billion impact to cash in '22. We're hopeful that this thing either gets deferred out 5 years.
That's one scenario we're hearing. I mean, we'll see where it goes or it gets repealed or it is interpreted
differently than the way we, industry, are interpreting. And it really is just, what I'll call, conventional
independent research and development for us, which would be, rough numbers, a $300 million impact
rather than the $2.1 billion impact.

But regardless, Lockheed Martin sees a path forward for us to continue generating strong cash this year
and into the next couple of years. And we'll use that for our internal and organic, inorganic investments for
our employees and then give a fair amount back to our shareholders.

Operator

Next, we'll go to Rob Spingarn with Credit Suisse.

Robert Michael Spingarn

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 26, 2021

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Jim, When I listened to DoD, I hear them talk a lot about open architecture solutions and finding ways to
be less locked into the contractors. But in listening to your answer to Doug's question before, you spoke a
fair amount about network effects, which some might view as another form of lock-in.

So can you talk a bit about that tension, whether you think it's there? And if so, how Lockheed resolves to
deliver both the vision that you've articulated, while also meeting DoD's broader desires?

James D. Taiclet
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure. Rob, the 2 things are completely compatible. And my recent experience has been in the telecom and
tech industry, where it was essential that open architecture be the baseline or the foundation, if you will,
for 4 and 5G network development in telecom, for example.

So our approach is completely based on open architecture. We even have a product we call open radio
architecture that we demonstrated in a U-2, Lockheed U-2, of course, as basically a cell tower in the sky
connecting F-35 and F-22 data links to, again, the open radio architecture. And we could add an F-18 or
another aircraft, even an allied aircraft, a Eurofighter, for example, down the road.

The whole point of this is you want to build the network effect as broadly as you can across, frankly, all
the platforms out there eventually. But we're building a roadmap internally to Lockheed Martin because
these are the products and platforms we can control to install, trial, demonstrate and then produce these
in our products.

At the same time, like I said earlier, we're open to collaborating with our industry partners that
are traditional in defense and aerospace and eagerly and already successfully with some of my old
counterparts and -- my former counterparts, I should say, in telecom and tech where we're trying to build
out the Internet of Things network of the future here.

So this is something where you can and must have an open architecture. The vendor lock, so to speak,
will diminish. But this is a matter of leadership and speed and performance, and that's where Lockheed
Martin can, I think, take a great position going forward here.

Operator

Our next question is from Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies.

Sheila Karin Kahyaoglu
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Jim and Ken, maybe I was wondering if you could just update us on the classified business in general.
How big is it across the businesses? How do you quantify risk versus the rest of the segment -- rest of the
business? And maybe where are you seeing the most opportunity?

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. Sheila, I'll take that. So yes, generally speaking, our customers frown upon us from talking about
the size of classified. But if you think about it, Aeronautics and Space would have the largest classified
business in our portfolio. Third would be Missiles and Fire Control. And then fourth, but last but not least,
I'll stress is RMS.

We see a lot of opportunities in Space, and that has not been something that's recent, but it seems to be
trending up in an accelerated way. And also in Aeronautics, we've talked about this unfortunate mischarge
on this program that we have today. As I stressed when asked earlier, we do believe this thing has a
very strong business case going forward, which will continue to grow. There's also other programs in the
Aeronautics portfolio that will continue to grow.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 26, 2021

At Missiles and Fire Control, we've talked about the classified program we won that requires some capital.
That is still in development. And in the not-too-distant future, that also will go into production. So we see
the classified portion of Lockheed Martin growing faster than the nonclassified portion of Lockheed Martin.

Regarding how we run classified versus nonclassified, that's a timely question because, recall, when I
answered the question about our classified business and Security Committee of our Board, that is one
thing that we do go demonstrate to them that the processes that we have in the white world are identical
to the processes that we try to put in the black world.

And we also have the -- our internal audit organization is part of that, and we just reaffirmed that. And
our external auditors, E&Y, are also instrumental and part of that. So the key is we try to mirror what
we're doing in the nonclassified from a process standpoint into the classified world.

Operator

Next, we'll go to Seth Seifman with JPMorgan.

Seth Michael Seifman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Ken, I was wondering. We've talked a little in the past about the F-35 production revenue outlook, and
you mentioned the rebaselining earlier. If we think about F-35 production sales this year probably being in
the -- let's say, the mid-$13 billion range, as you think about this rebaselining, where does that head into
2022? And then how would it eventually get up to that plateau, which I assume is something in the range
of 170x the price per aircraft of -- for the 3 variants? I don't know, maybe it's $90 million on average
or something like that. But specifically for next year, how does the rebaselining affect your production
revenue expectations?

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Thanks, Seth. Yes. So we're still -- as I said earlier, we're still working through that rebaseline with
the joint program office, who think of that as the quarterback, the program manager dealing with the
services and the international customers. So the -- all I could say today is our base plan was 169 aircraft.
It is highly likely we are going to deliver less aircraft next year than 169. I just don't know what that is.

And the only other thing I could say, and I don't mean to make this sound like Yogi Berra, but it's likely
going to be less than what it would have been. I'm not suggesting it will be less than this year, but it will
be less than the forecasted 169.

And you're spot on, Seth. This rebaseline may take 2, 3 years. And again, that's something else we'll
get from the customer. And the plateau will ultimately be 170 aircraft, perhaps a little bit more, and that
plateau then will extend out farther out into the future than what we thought.

And back to Jim's opening comments, we were just notified we won in Switzerland. That is a big, big deal
for us. We just put in our best and final offer in -- for Finland. We're in the hunt for the next-generation
fighter aircraft in Canada. There are many other customers that have an interest in this aircraft, including
this -- of course, the services of the United States. So we think there is a strong demand out there for this
aircraft.

Now regarding price, regarding the B variant and the C variant, just based on quantities, it's likely you'll
see the price of that aircraft either stay where it is or continue to come down the learning curve. The
A variant, and I'm not trying to negotiate with the customer on the phone, but due to where we are in
learning, due to where we are with inflation and due to where we are with the added capabilities that they
want on the aircraft, it is likely you'll see an increase in prices -- a modest increase in prices of where we
are today. You've got to factor all that in. We should have a better answer for you in the October time
period in terms of what the impact is.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 26, 2021

And next, we'll go to Joe DeNardi with Stifel.

Joseph William DeNardi
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Ken, can you just talk about kind of how much of the portfolio, maybe ARRW specifically, is related to
sustainment? And are you seeing any pressure there? Has there been any shift in focus from less of a
focus on readiness, more on modernization under this administration?

And then just on your comment on the F-35 block buy margins, is that just related to the technology
insertion? Or are there kind of other challenges you're facing just on pausing risk retirements on F-35?

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Chief Financial Officer

You bet, Joe. So on sustainment, think of sustainment, there's sustainment in F-35, which, back to the
comments Jim made and that I made earlier, we still see strong demand. Of course, we want to get the
cost per flight hour down. We also want to ensure that there's available aircraft out there. But the demand
is going to grow there, and there is a keen desire for the more fielded aircraft that we have out there, the
more robust sustainment program we have.

We also have sustainment, think of sustainment on F-22. I mean, eventually F-22s are going to get
sunset. But I would say, in the foreseeable future, think of F-22 sales not being quite, say, $1 billion --
they're over $1 billion. And going forward, you may see that decline just a little bit.

F-16, a big portion of F-16 sustainment for international customers, and I believe we've mentioned this
in the not-too-distant past. We actually got a contract with the United States Air Force to sustain their
aircraft. And it's been quite a while since we've gotten a current contract for that. So I don't see that
demand going away or the interest going either.

C-130, a big piece of that is sustainment of aircraft internationally. And then in our skunk works, think of
the U-2 is a sustainment contract. And ultimately, they all get sunsetted as well, but not in the not-too-
distant future.

And your second question was on block buy margins. Yes, it's, right now, Joe, we're seeing -- we're taking
a pause because what we agreed to in negotiations from a learning curve standpoint, coming down the
learning curve, we're still coming down the learning curve from a -- this is cost now down the learning
curve, not as robust as we planned to take these risk retirements.

So we want to see continued performance into next year before we take those risk retirements at that
time. And so think of block buy margins are very high single-digit margins. These risk retirements would
take them up into the low double-digit margins, but we'll likely keep pausing that until next year.

Greg Gardner
Vice President of Investor Relations

John, this is Greg. I think we've come up at the top of the hour, so I will turn it back over to Jim for some
final thoughts.

James D. Taiclet
Chairman, President & CEO

All right, Greg, thanks. Look, I'll just stand by reinforcing our commitments. First, our 21st Century
Warfare vision, which will make our platforms and services more resilient and more attractive to the
customer, in addition to making us more effective in creating a deterrent; also investments in digital
transformation and innovation and delivering thereby strong cash generation supporting it; and after that,
a strong dividend as we deliver long-term value to you all.
And I want to just thank you again for joining us today. We're going to have an upcoming investor
event in August. We hope you can join us for that. And John, you can conclude the call then. Thank you,
everybody, for being here this morning.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 26, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

