Lockheed Martin Corporation NYSE:LMT
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, January 28, 2020 4:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

5.04

5.29

4.96

5.94

21.65

21.95

1.39

24.04

15296.90

15878.00

3.80

14746.68

59211.12

59812.00

1.01

63029.74

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-28-2020 1:50 PM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

4.34

4.74

5.05

5.04

5.99

5.00

5.66

5.29

38.02 %

5.49 %

12.08 %

4.96 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Greg Gardner
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Executive VP & CFO

Marillyn A. Hewson
Executive Chairman of the Board

ANALYSTS

Cai von Rumohr
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Douglas Stuart Harned
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

George D. Shapiro
Shapiro Research

Seth Michael Seifman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Jonathan Phaff Raviv
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Myles Alexander Walton
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Noah Poponak
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Robert Alan Stallard
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Robert Michael Spingarn
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Ronald Jay Epstein
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Lockheed Martin Fourth Quarter
and Full Year 2019 Earnings Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is
being recorded.

I'll turn the conference now over to Mr. Greg Gardner, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go
ahead, sir.

Greg Gardner
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, John, and good morning. I'd like to welcome everyone to our fourth quarter 2019 earnings
conference call. Joining me today on the call are Marillyn Hewson, our Chairman, President and Chief
Executive Officer; and Ken Possenriede, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
Statements made in today's call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements
and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of federal securities law. Actual results may differ
materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Please see today's press release and
our SEC filings for a description of some of the factors that may cause actual results to differ materially
from those in the forward-looking statements. We have posted charts on our website today that we plan to
address during the call to supplement our comments. These charts also include information regarding non-
GAAP measures that may be used in today's call. Please access our website at www.lockheedmartin.com
and click on the Investor Relations link to view and follow the charts.

With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Marillyn.

Marillyn A. Hewson
Executive Chairman of the Board

Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone. I hope you had a good start to the new year. Welcome to
our fourth quarter 2019 earnings call as we review our results, strategic new business activities, key
accomplishments and our outlook for 2020. I will begin by expressing my gratitude to our entire Lockheed
Martin team for a remarkable 2019.

Over the course of the year, the corporation achieved extraordinary sales growth, earnings performance,
strong cash generation and record backlog, and it was through their dedication and commitment that we
were able to deliver these results. Ken will discuss our financials in more detail and provide our outlook
for 2020, but I'd like to begin by discussing a few of the highlights from 2019 that drove our strong
performance. Notably, for the second year in a row, all 4 of our business areas grew sales, earnings and
backlog, with each contributing to our record cash from operations. Sales in the fourth quarter exceeded
last year's fourth quarter by 10% and pushed 2019 growth to 11% over our 2018 results. Missiles and
Fire Control had the highest overall growth in 2019, exceeding the prior year by 20%. Deliveries of tactical
and strike weapons, development work on new hypersonic and classified programs and PAC-3 missile
production were the strongest contributors to the increase.

Aeronautics also saw strong sales growth in the quarter and year, with 2019 annual sales finishing 12%
above 2018, led by our F-35 program, which grew 14% in 2019. In Space, the next-generation Overhead
Persistent Infrared or next-gen OPIR contract, the GPS III satellite production program and recent
hypersonic wins continue to provide increased sales volume as the business area exceeded their 2018
top line by 11%. And Rotary and Mission Systems finished the year 6% over 2018, driven by increases in
shipbuilding, radar and logistics programs.

Our segment profit grew nearly $700 million year-over-year, resulting in a segment profit margin of 11%
and earnings per share of $21.95, which was another high watermark for the corporation. This quarter, our
backlog increased $6.6 billion and is now approximately $144 billion, reaching a record level for the fifth

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

consecutive year. And we had a strong quarter of cash flows, allowing us to use $1 billion to prefund our
required 2020 pension contribution and a portion of our 2021 payment and still generate over $7.3 billion
of cash from operations for the entire year. Had we not made this discretionary payment to our pension
trust, we would have delivered over $8.3 billion in operating cash, well in excess of our greater than $7.6
billion objective.

2019 was an extraordinary year across the corporation with our team achieving record results in sales,
earnings, EPS, cash from operations and backlog. The strength of our portfolio has us well positioned to
continue delivering mission success for our customers and outstanding value to our stockholders.

Before reviewing significant accomplishments from each business area, I will start with an update on the
F-35 program, which had an especially successful quarter and year. During the fourth quarter, our F-35
team delivered 51 fighter jets, bringing the total deliveries in 2019 to 134 aircraft, exceeding our joint
government and industry target of 131 aircraft, a nearly 50% improvement from last year and a 200%
increase from 2016. Since the program's inception, we have delivered 491 production aircraft, with 347
jets being provided to U.S. forces and the balance of 144 planes being delivered to our partner nations
and international foreign military sales customers.

Keeping with the F-35, we are pleased that we finalized our agreement for Lots 12 and 13 this quarter,
recognizing orders of approximately $5 billion and adding 112 aircraft to our backlog, bringing our backlog
to 374 planes. We anticipate finalizing Lot 14 in early 2020. Our joint industry and government team has
established a long-standing objective of offering the F-35A model at a flyaway cost of $80 million in Lot
14. And we were able to improve on that target 1 year ahead of schedule. The Lot 14 unit price is now
below $78 million which allows us to offer this remarkable fifth-generation fighter at a price equal to or
lower than legacy fourth-generation aircraft.

Internationally, we were very excited to see Norway declare initial operational capability, with its fleet
of F-35 conventional takeoff and landing aircraft. Since the first F-35 model arrived at Ørland Main Air
Station in 2017, the Norwegian Air Force has conducted a rigorous operational testing program in unique
winter and northern environmental conditions and has deemed it ready for combat. Norway is the third
European country and the fifth international customer to declare

[Technical Difficulty]

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, we apologize for the inconvenience. We will be restarting the call in just a moment.

Greg Gardner
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, John.

Operator

And you're reconnected. Please continue.

Greg Gardner
Vice President of Investor Relations

Hello. This is Greg Gardner. Apologies for the technical difficulties. Thank you for your patience. We're
going to commence again with the call, pick it up with Marillyn talking about the F-35. Thank you.
Marillyn?

Marillyn A. Hewson
Executive Chairman of the Board

Thanks, Greg. So I'll just pick up again. Some of this, I'll just repeat. It's very short. But I just want to
cover all the F-35 update before I move into the other operational highlights.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

So I'll start with an update on the F-35, which had an especially successful quarter and year. During the
fourth quarter, our F-35 team delivered 51 fighter jets, bringing the total deliveries in 2019 to 134 aircraft,
exceeding our joint government and industry target of 131 aircraft, a nearly 50% improvement from last
year and a 200% increase from 2016. Since the program's inception, we have delivered 491 production
aircraft with 347 jets being provided to U.S. forces and the balance of 144 planes being delivered to our
partner nations and international foreign military sales customers.

Keeping with the F-35, we were pleased that we finalized our agreement for Lots 12 and 13 this quarter,
recognizing orders of approximately $5 billion and adding 112 aircraft to our backlog, bringing our backlog
to 374 planes. We anticipate finalizing Lot 14 in early 2020. Our joint industry and government team have
established a long-standing objective of offering the F-35A model at a flyaway cost of $80 million in Lot
14, and we were able to improve on that target 1 year ahead of schedule. The Lot 14 unit price is now
below $78 million, which allows us to offer this remarkable fifth-generation fighter at a price equal to or
lower than legacy fourth-generation aircraft.

Internationally, we were very excited to see Norway declare initial operational capability, with its fleet
of F-35 conventional takeoff and landing aircraft. Since the first F-35A model arrived in Ørland Main Air
Station in 2017, the Norwegian Air Force has conducted a rigorous operational testing program in unique
water and northern environmental conditions and has deemed it ready for combat. Norway is the third
European country and the fifth international customer to declare IOC, a critical milestone for Norway and
the entire F-35 team.

Also this quarter, the Dutch Armed Forces welcomed the arrival of their first F-35 to sovereign soil in
a celebration attended by more than 4,000 people at Leeuwarden Air Base, Leeuwarden, Leeuwarden
Air Base. The Netherlands has been a key partner in the F-35 program and including the 8 aircraft still
stationed in the U.S. for training and testing purposes, has now taken delivery of 9 CTOL jets in total. The
Netherlands program of record is currently to procure 37 F-35s, with the opportunity for an increased
order as last October, the Dutch government announced plans to purchase 9 additional jets, bringing the
total to potentially 46 aircraft.

Turning back to our business areas, I'd like to highlight a few of the notable new business wins and follow-
on awards that have helped position us for long-term growth. Rotary and Missions Systems received an
award of nearly $2 billion for the detailed design and construction of 4 multi-mission surface combatant
ships for the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. This ship is a version of the Freedom variant which were a combat
ship we have been delivering to the U.S. Navy and will provide the Kingdom with the capabilities needed
for both shallow water and open ocean naval operations. We are honored to support the Kingdom in their
Saudi Vision 2030 objectives.

In Missiles and Fire Control, the U.S. Air Force announced the finalization of the $1 billion contract for
the Air-Launched Rapid Response Weapon effort we were previously awarded. Our hypersonics portfolio
experienced tremendous growth during 2019 with the total potential value the corporation has received
now exceeding $4 billion. Missiles and Fire Control also booked a $770 million order for PAC-3 missiles
to provide additional interceptors and ground support equipment to the U.S. Army and the United Arab
Emirates, continuing the growth in our air and missile defense line of business.

Moving on to Aeronautics. Our air mobility team was awarded their third multiyear contract for the C-130J
transport aircraft, approving the delivery of 50 new planes over the next few years. The finalization of this
contract added an incremental 35 aircraft and over $2 billion to our backlog in the fourth quarter, with
the overall value for all 50 planes expected to exceed $3.4 billion. This award comes as the aero team
celebrated the delivery of the 2,600 C-130 air lifter since the program began over 60 years ago, with
over 450 planes being the current J model. We are proud to be able to continue producing this venerable
aircraft for our war fighters and those of the 70 nations currently operating it around the world.

And in Space, we were awarded a $3.3 billion 10-year IDIQ contract for the Combined Orbital
Operations, Logistics, and Resiliency, or COOLR program, to provide support services on several military
communications satellite constellations, including our advanced extremely high-frequency spacecraft.
These satellites provide nuclear-hardened, anti-jam global communications to the White House, the state
department and military users, supporting the nation's nuclear command and control system. And we are

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

proud to be able to support the ongoing mission of this critical element of our national security. These
announcements reflect the strength of our legacy programs, both domestically and internationally as well
as the impact of our continued investments in forward-looking technologies to drive long-term growth.

Turning briefly to budgets. The fiscal year 2020 Department of Defense Appropriations Act was signed into
law last month and finalized defense spending for the current fiscal year. Total defense budgets have been
approved for approximately $738 billion, consistent with the levels passed earlier in the Bipartisan Budget
Act of 2019 and over $20 billion above FY 2019 enacted amounts. Our programs garnered strong support
across all business areas, with the legislation including nearly $3.5 billion of increased funding beyond the
presidential budget request, including $2 billion for 20 additional F-35 fighter jets for a total of 98 aircraft;
over $800 million for 9 additional C-130J transport aircraft for a total of 20 planes; and increased funding
for our long-range hypersonic weapon, Orion and OPIR contracts as well as increases for several rotary
aircraft programs and other initiatives across the corporation. We believe our portfolio is well positioned to
address important security needs for our nation with the increasing defense budget and these additional
appropriations actions supporting continued growth opportunities into the future.

Moving on, I would like to highlight several key accomplishments from across the corporation that
demonstrate our commitment to developing new technologies as well as expanding the reach of our
heritage solutions. I will start with Missiles and Fire Control, who passed an important milestone on a
prospective new business opportunity. Our tactical missiles team successfully tested its next-generation
long-range precision missile for the U.S. Army's Precision Strike Missile, or PrSM, competition. The Missiles
and Fire Control team launched PrSM from the Lockheed Martin High Mobility Artillery Rocket, or HIMARS
system, successfully demonstrating accuracy and range of flight, validating HIMARS' interfaces and testing
system software performance. We are excited by the prospects of this enhanced surface-to-surface system
and look forward to building on our long-running army tactical missile system legacy as we progress
through the upcoming procurement decision.

Moving to RMS. Our integrated warfare systems and sensors line of business was selected by the Japanese
Ministry of Defense to produce 2 solid-state radar antenna sets for their Aegis Ashore system. Our SPY-7
radar offers enhanced detection range and sensitivity from previous legacy radar systems and will provide
continuous protection of Japan from ballistic missile threats. Our RMS team has continued to invest in new
technologies while leveraging current solutions, and this new radar is a direct derivative of our long-range
discrimination radar solution, a missile defense agency program of record. Variance of the SPY-7 radar
will also be incorporated into other U.S. and international solutions. And to date, this technology has been
selected for 24 systems, ushering in the next-generation of maritime and ground-based advanced radar
technology.

Moving to ARRW. This past November marked the official start of F-16 production at our Greenville, South
Carolina location. Fabrication activity began for components of the center fuselage, one of the first steps
in building new F-16 aircraft for the growing demand from new international customers. The first delivery
for our Bahraini customer will roll off this line in late 2021, and we look forward to increasing production
as new orders are added to the backlog.

I will close with our Space business area, which delivered the Mars 2020 rover aeroshell to Kennedy Space
Center in December. The aeroshell will encapsulate the Mars 2020 rover during its deep space mission to
Mars and protect it from the intense heat as the entry system descends through the Martian atmosphere.
This aeroshell marks the latest heat sheet ever used and will protect the vehicle from temperatures up to
3,800 degrees Farenheit. Lockheed Martin has built every aeroshell entry system for all of NASA's 40 years
of Mars explorations, and we are proud to continue this legacy as we work towards a July 2020 launch.

Before I turn the call over to Ken, I'd like to reiterate my appreciation to the entire Lockheed Martin team
for their contributions to an outstanding year and for helping to build a differentiating portfolio. Ken?

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Marillyn, and good morning, everyone. As I highlight our key financial accomplishments,
please follow along with the web charts that we included with our earnings release today.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

So let's begin with Chart 3 and an overview of our results for the year. Sales, segment operating profit,
cash from operations and earnings per share closed ahead of our expectations with record highs. We
generated $7.3 billion of cash from operations after a $1 billion discretionary contribution to our pension
trust this quarter. And we continued our cash deployment actions, returning $3.8 billion of cash to our
shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. We again grew our backlog to
$144 billion, a new record high watermark. In summary, it was an outstanding year for the business.

Turning to Chart 4. We compare our sales and segment operating profit this year with last year's results.
Sales grew 11% or $6 billion compared with last year to $59.8 billion, continuing the strong performance
over the first 3 quarters, while segment operating profit increased 12% or $700 million over last year to
nearly $6.6 billion.

On Chart 5, we compare sales by business area with last year's results. And as Marillyn mentioned, all 4
of our business areas experienced strong sales growth in 2019, led by Missiles and Fire Control of 20%,
which was driven by a production volume in tactical and strike missiles and air and missile defense. And
for the first time, all 4 business areas delivered sales above $10 billion.

On Chart 6, we'll discuss our segment operating profit by business area. Following sales, all 4 of our
business areas also increased profit in 2019 and the corporation ended the year with total segment
operating profit 12% above 2018 levels.

Chart 7 shows our earnings per share for 2019. Our EPS of $21.95 was up $4.36 or 25% higher than our
results last year, driven primarily by operational performance.

Moving on to Chart 8 and as previously noted by Marillyn, backlog has increased again to a record high
for the fifth consecutive year. All 4 business areas increased backlog in 2019, with the largest increases
coming from space, driven by strategic missiles, and at Missiles and Fire Control, driven by air and missile
defense. We had a strong book-to-bill ratio of 1.4 for the quarter and 1.2 for the year.

On Chart 9, we will discuss the cash return to our shareholders in 2019. Subtracting our capital
expenditures from approximately $7.3 billion of cash from operations, our free cash flow is greater than
$5.8 billion. We increased our dividend by 9% and exceeded our share repurchase objective by $200
million in the fourth quarter. This brought our total cash return to shareholders to $3.8 billion for the year
or 64% of free cash flow, providing strong returns consistent with our historical cash deployment actions.

Moving on to Chart 10. We provide an update to our 2020 trending data with our revised outlook for the
year ahead. Our outlook for sales ranges from $62.75 billion to $64.25 billion, which is an increase from
the $62 billion we first indicated last quarter. The midpoint of this range represents a 6% increase over
2019 results. The range of segment operating profit is estimated to be between $6.8 billion and $6.95
billion. Our estimated FAS/CAS pension adjustment is just above $2 billion. Our estimated range for 2020
earnings per share growth between $23.65 to $23.95 per share. The midpoint of this range represents a
7.7% increase over 2019 results. Cash from operations is now projected to meet or exceed $7.6 billion,
and I'll discuss this in greater detail on the following chart.

For Chart 11, we will walk through our future cash expectations, folding in the $1 billion discretionary
pension payment we made last quarter. Strong operational cash performance and a continued focus on
working capital management allowed us to increase our cash outlook for 2020 to greater than or equal
to $7.6 billion, a $100 million increase to the combined 2019 and 2020 outlook we provided in October.
And we now see approximately $7.7 billion of cash flow from operations in 2021, a $700 million increase,
bringing our 3-year expectation to $800 million greater than our prior assessment.

On Chart 12, we break down our sales and segment operating profit outlook by business area. All 4
business areas are positioned for continued sales growth in 2020, led by Missiles and Fire Control at 10%.
Segment operating profit growth is projected to grow at approximately 5% in the aggregate, with our
largest growth in aeronautics at 8%.

And finally, on Chart 13, we have our summary. We believe 2019 was an exceptional year for Lockheed
Martin. Our key results exceeded previous highs and have positioned us well for continued growth and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

value creation in 2020. And as we discussed earlier, our focus on innovation and investment has resulted
in strategic new business opportunities and a robust legacy of programs.
And with that, we're ready for your questions. John?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And we'll go to Rob Stallard with Vertical Research.

Robert Alan Stallard
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Quick question for Marillyn on the F-35. You mentioned in the release that your guidance had a bit of a
caveat regarding Turkey. I was wondering if you could give us an update on the progress in allocating
those Turkish delivery slots and also realigning the supply chain.

Marillyn A. Hewson
Executive Chairman of the Board

Sure. Thanks for the question, Rob. I would just say, we've been working with the U.S. government for
several months on addressing how we're going to manage the 8 aircraft that were slotted for Turkey, that
have been delivered for Turkey as well as looking at alternate suppliers for the Turkey suppliers. And so in
terms of the lots -- the upcoming lots, we have a lot of demand for the aircraft, as you are well aware, and
we've had the congressional adds that will offset those needs from Turkish -- the Turkish aircraft delivery.
So I think we're -- we've got it well solutioned. Anything you want to add to that, Ken?

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Executive VP & CFO

Just -- Rob, just from the revenue side, Marillyn's got it right. So the United States government, for the
ones we've delivered in sub to date, which would be the Lot 10, Lot 11 aircraft, they are earmarked for
the United States government. In Lot 12 through 14, the block buy, each of those lots, 8 aircraft were
earmarked or Turkey for a total of 24. The congressional adds, for the most part, we'll take care of that.
So we're in good shape with the block buy. We'll now work Lot 15. We just got the RFP from the U.S.
government, so I think from a revenue standpoint, we're in great shape. You have other customers
that are coming in. Japan, as you recall, wants to order an additional 105. We have Belgium. We're in
a competition for Finland, Switzerland and Canada. We feel good about those, especially as Marillyn
mentioned, the $80 million aircraft, we got there a year ahead of time. You probably saw in the press the
Poles want to buy 32 aircraft. So I think from a revenue side, it's well in hand.

From a supply standpoint, almost all supply out of Poland will -- excuse me, out of Turkey will be removed
by March of 2020. There'll be a handful of suppliers that we'll continue to work with -- through December
20. And as I mentioned, we got the Lot 15 RFP, so we'll sort all that out post-2020 as we go on. But I
think we're in a much better spot now than we were with the Turkey situation.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And we will move to Myles Walton with UBS.

Myles Alexander Walton
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Ken, you laid out the 3-year cash outlook update with the $800 million of incremental. I'm just curious,
could you give us the backbone on the net pension recovery in there? And how much change -- you
mentioned contributions came down, but it also looks like your CAS recovery came down. So just trying to
piece out, of that $800 million, how much is from your operations.

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Executive VP & CFO

You bet. You bet, Myles. So yes, I think we should start with how we ended the year with cash that got us
to making the voluntary pension contribution. So we ended -- you guys recall, we ended the third quarter

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

up in working capital by $1.2 billion. Fourth quarter from third quarter, we actually reduced our working
capital by $500 million. So for the year, we were just south of growing our working capital by $700 million.
So with that strong cash generation in the fourth quarter, we thought it was prudent to make the pension
contribution of $1 billion. And so if you go forward and look at 2020 and beyond, Myles, and also recall
our Lockheed Martin investment company, we -- our returns were superior to what we assumed back in
October, or frankly, what we assumed in the beginning of the year. They ended the year at 20% returns on
their assets. So with all that, our CAS contributions came down in 2020 to just south of $2 billion. We do
not -- we're not required to make a pension contribution this year.

So going forward, our CAS recoveries look like they'll be about $2 billion in 2021. Our pension
contribution, recall the last time we spoke regarding 2021, we thought our pension contribution would be
$2 billion. By making the $1 billion pension contribution not only eliminated 2020 pension contribution,
it reduced the $2 billion pension contribution by $0.5 billion, but also because of the great returns we
made in last year, it looks like our pension contribution now in 2021 as we see it is below $1 billion. And
just going out to 2022, and then I'll stop. Looks like our CAS recoveries will be roughly $2.2 billion and
that $2 billion pension contribution in 2022 that we discussed in October looks like it's about $1.7 billion,
$1.75 billion. So a lot of it is improvement -- volume improvement, margin improvement throughout the
business, but some of it also is due to the returns we made on our pension in the past.

Operator

Our next question is from Rob Spingarn with Crédit Suisse.

Robert Michael Spingarn
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Marillyn, Ken, you both went through a lot of detail on the international successes on aircraft and ship
platforms. And Marillyn, you sort of previewed the question I want to ask when you talked about Japanese
Aegis. But I wanted to talk about your recent modernization wins at DoD. They're sizable. You've had
things like hypersonics and AIM-260 at MFC, Sentinel radar at RMS. And I wanted to see how these might
translate to even greater longer-term market share internationally. Or are they too strategic to export?

Marillyn A. Hewson
Executive Chairman of the Board

Well, that's a great question, Rob. I mean we're always working with the U.S. government. As we look at
these systems, we're always looking at what systems could potentially be provided to our allies and to
increase their defense capability and capacity. So without hitting each one of these specifically that you
outlined, I mean, just I think the Aegis system is a good example. When you look at some of our increases
on things like PAC-3 and THAAD and now with the radar capabilities, I mentioned the opportunities that
we have on long-range discriminating radar, it's all in our planning that when we work with the U.S.
government, that we make sure that we have an opportunity to consider not only the needs of the U.S.
government, but on many of these systems, what they could provide to the international community.

And as you can see with our very robust backlog, about $144 billion, it gives us an opportunity to not only
perform on that work that we have, but to continue to invest in new technologies and new capabilities.
And that's what we've been doing for a number of years. We have highlighted areas in the radar arena, in
hypersonics, in directed energy. And a whole range of systems and capabilities that we recognize we've
got to constantly provide our customers with the advantages that they need over our adversaries. And so
we're always looking well ahead of now to invest in. And we think that with that, it is with an eye towards
being able to support our international customers as well.

Operator

Next question is from Ron Epstein with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

Ronald Jay Epstein
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

I was wondering if we could just walk through a little bit, when we think about the F-35 program as we go
into 2020 and maybe even beyond, how you think about the mix between OE and sustainment. I mean
there's been a lot of, I guess, press about the sustainment going from something like the total flight
hour cost at 35,000 per hour going down to 25,000 per hour. I mean how does that impact the program?
And how should we think about as we model F-35 in the 2020 and beyond, the mix between OE and
sustainment?

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Ron, it's Ken. I'll take that. So yes, in 2020, if you look just macro at F-35, we see -- we actually
see pretty strong growth year-over-year. Sales are going to be up about 8%. Think of that as -- the lion's
share is still production. So production year-over-year will be about 8%. But we still see development
work even with SDD winding down with follow-on modernization and other development activities. We'll
see development this year grow from '19 about 10%. From a sustainment standpoint, we're still on
these annualized buys, and we're still standing up bases. And we've talked about the performance-based
logistics proposal, that white paper that we put in. So we'll see high single-digit growth in sustainment.
And if we continue on these annualized buys, it will still continue to grow. You'll see sustainment, over
time, become the fastest piece of our -- of the F-35 program. It will likely double in size from a sales
perspective in the next 5 years. And potentially, throughout the next decade, could double from or triple
from where it is today.

But I think the PBL is an interesting concept, and we're starting to have that conversation with the
customer. And it basically is to talk about what you just described, is to accelerate to get the cost per flight
hour of maintaining the aircraft down to what the customer would see as an affordable level but also, the
availability of the aircraft to get that up to levels that are more like fourth-generation aircraft. And the
onus then would be on industry, the risk would be on industry. We would do the investing for the -- for
our customer set. We would have the infrastructure in place. And assuming we performed, we would sign
up to these service levels, we would expect a return that's more in line with that type of contract. We're
hopeful we'll be able to get to the table with the customer in 2020 and shape this thing and hopefully, be
able to get a deal that's acceptable to both parties. But you're right, in the future, you'll see sustainment
grow faster than the rest of F-35. At least in the short term, it will still be production until we get to
capacity, which should be -- peak capacity, which should be 2023, 2024.

Marillyn A. Hewson
Executive Chairman of the Board

But I would add, there's continued demand around the world. And as we continue to -- we're now at a
very affordable unit price on the aircraft. And as long as we can offset the development cost that will
come as we continue to upgrade the aircraft and then drive the sustainment costs down, I think we see an
outlook of great opportunities for the aircraft around the world.

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Executive VP & CFO

That's right.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And next, we go to Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.

Noah Poponak
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Okay. So I wanted to stay on the multiyear cash flow discussion. I could sort of see the investor question
that was previously, does it grow in 2021 because of the contribution step-up moving to '22 with the
contribution step-up now there year-over-year. So one, do you grow cash from ops year-over-year in
2022? And I think you have 5-year internal planning. So maybe you could speak to can you grow cash
flow every year in the 5-year period because that just remains a big investor question. And then having

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

given the pension pieces, I wondered if you could also speak to capital because that came in a little light
for the year. That'd be very helpful.

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Executive VP & CFO

You bet. Thanks, Noah. Just a clarifying point, from a long-range plan standpoint, we do current year plus
3 years out. But I will give you a little -- I'll try to give you a little color '23 and beyond. But I don't have
an absolute number for you. So I think you wanted to start with 2022 since I gave you color up to 2021.
And that's actually a timely point right now, not just because of pension funding, CapEx, but just from a
cash-generation dynamics, including the prefunding, looking at our growth, our focus on working capital, it
basically would all point to cash from operations out in 2022, frankly, being north of our 2021 number. We
see a path to greater than and equal to $7.7 billion.

There is one issue that is worth talking about now, and it's the remnant from the Tax Reform Act of 2017.
The law has a provision that kicks in, and it kicks in, in 2022, which requires research and development
expenses to be capitalized rather than being expensed. Right now though, the law is -- it's still a little bit
vague what the exact definition of R&D is. And believe it or not, I've actually read the legislation myself,
and I do see some vagueness in there. But in the interest of transparency, it's probably good we talk
about that now.

So if the IRS made the determination that the law applies to all R&D expenses, it probably would take our
cash number down. So this would be things we're expensing now that we would have to amortize over
5 years. It would take our cash from ops in 2022 probably down to about $6.5 billion. But I'll say this. It
doesn't seem logical to us that, that was their intent. And if it was just a subset of the R&D, we still see a
path to getting north of $7 billion. So we're still working through this.

So just to summarize, north of $7.7 billion. If it's -- the way things have been operating in the past. If this
R&D tax bill kicks in, it will be probably in the mid-range of $6.5 billion. And if it's a subset of that, we still
see north of 7.7 -- $7 billion. But operationally, we're still going to generate a lot of cash. We still have a
focus on working capital. You talked about Capex. You're right, it was a little light this year. So we ended
the year at roughly $1.5 billion. Because of the things we've discussed in the past, the buildings that
we're building in the business areas, we'd see CapEx in 2020 at about $1.7 billion. Next year, probably
comparable, about $1.7 billion. And then what we know today, it would start tapering down. It will be
below $1.7 billion.

Last point you asked about was '23 and beyond. Just talking about Sikorsky, you'll start seeing a lot of
those programs going into production. You'll start seeing F-35 will continue to reduce contract assets So
we see -- though I don't have an absolute number for you, we see strong cash flow generation out in that
time period as well.

Operator

Our next question is from Jon Raviv with Citi.

Jonathan Phaff Raviv
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

I won't ask you about 2025 and beyond, if that's okay. I'll stay away from that for now. But in the
context of all that cash coming in, what about cash going out? Leverage is noticeably low. You highlighted
returning 64% of free cash flow to shareholders. It's been higher in years past, but I know your stock's
been lower in years past. So just how do you think about capital allocation going forward given all these
dynamics?

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So let's start -- Jon, let's start with 2020. For planning purposes, we're assuming share repos of
about $1 billion. We're assuming -- we do increase the dividend. For planning purposes, it would $0.20 a
quarter or $0.80, similar to what we -- per share, what we did in 2019. So round numbers, 8-plus percent
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

increase in the dividend. We do have another tranche of debt that matures in 2020. It's $1.250 billion, I
believe. It's the second tranche of Sikorsky. For planning purposes, we're assuming we let that mature and
pay it back. Our treasury organization is constantly looking at whether it makes sense to refi or look at our
entire debt on the balance sheet, whether a debt exchange makes sense. We'll go through that through
the year. We will be opportunistic like we were in the fourth quarter of last year where it makes sense from
a share repo standpoint. In fact, we did our first accelerated share repurchase program. It went very well
in the fourth quarter last year. And as you recall, 2018, with our stock price down, nothing to do with our
fundamentals. But with what was going on with the market, we were very opportunistic in terms of that.
And so we'll see going forward where it makes sense to do that.

What we didn't talk about is inorganic growth. Marillyn has -- we meet at least 8 times a year with the
senior leadership team to look at a pipeline in terms of things that make sense for us to invest in, or
frankly, to divest in. And as you said, we do have the firepower on our balance sheet to go do that. I'll
remind you that we got a credit rating increase by all 3 agencies. So with debt being cheap, if there is
something out there from an inorganic standpoint that fits within where we think we need to go with our
portfolio, we would be inclined to do that.

Marillyn A. Hewson
Executive Chairman of the Board

But I would just remind you that we really are happy with our current portfolio. We don't really see any
gaps right now. But we'll, as Ken said, constantly keep a screen on it, as we always do.

Operator

Next, we'll go to George Shapiro with Shapiro Research.

George D. Shapiro
Shapiro Research

Yes. A couple of questions. MFC and Space backlog were up well north of 20%. Why isn't the growth rate
greater in 2020? And then also, if you can just go through the balance sheet a little bit. There was a big
increase in inventories, maybe partly offset by contract assets. And likewise, accounts payable were way
down, maybe offset a little bit from liabilities. Maybe just walk through what's actually going on in the
balance sheet as well.

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Executive VP & CFO

You bet, George. It's Ken. I'll handle that. So you asked about Space and Missiles and Fire Control, and
you're right. So our -- we overachieved our orders planned this year by north of $20 billion. And 2 of the
big drivers were exactly that, Space and Missiles and Fire Control. But I think what you need to do is look
at the detail of what some of those programs are. So at Missiles and Fire Control, a big driver of what
went into backlog would be THAAD, KSA and PAC-3 Poland. And those will be multiyear programs going
forward. So you will not see a burn down like some of the tactical strike weapons programs. Integrated air
and missile defense backlog will take longer to convert to sales.

Same with Space. Space is a platform business. And you have -- recall, I talked about in the past the
multiyear -- the 3 years of AWE we got. So we will not get an order this year on AWE. We also got some
big orders on Orion and OPIR which would take longer to convert to sales.

Regarding the balance sheet, you're right, George. We did have some inventory growth in 2019. But the
way we look at it, I kind of look at contract assets and inventory, and frankly, put them together. So we
actually had contract assets decrease in 2019 by roughly $400 million. Inventory for the year roughly
grew $600 million. So I would say from an asset standpoint, we had 11% sales growth. Think of that as
roughly $6 billion of sales growth from '19 to '20. We grew contracted assets and inventory by only $200
million.

Going forward, we do see contract assets increasing in 2021. We see working capital in 2020 growing.
By rough numbers, it will be comparable, a little bit more than this year. But remind you, we're growing
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

sales by roughly $3.5 billion. So that's in line with what we've had in the past. And then 2021, we see
a marked improvement from a working capital standpoint. We will only grow working capital by, say,
$200 million. This is our plan today, but we will continue to try to perform on that. And with our focus on
working capital, one of the main places that we will work in is in contract assets in 2020 and 2021.

Operator

Next, we go to you, Cai von Rumohr with Cowen and Company.

Cai von Rumohr
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Yes. Everybody has talked about cash flow. I'm more interested in kind of what you do with it because
your net debt-to-cap is now 1.4. If you increase your dividend 10%, if you buy 1.5 billion in stock every
year, you're basically going to burn through like $4 billion in debt. So where are we going here over the
next couple of years? Do you want this net debt-to-cap ratio to go below 1? Or are you going to deploy the
cash? And if so, what are your relative priorities?

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Executive VP & CFO

So Cai, as I mentioned earlier, I think our priority is -- or from a plan standpoint, the debt on the balance
sheet as it matures, our plan would be to pay it off. We will certainly look at whether it makes sense to refi
in this low interest rate environment. We certainly will look at, talking to the owners of our stock as we
go around this year, to talk to our shareholders what type of dividend increase is acceptable to them for
them to continue to be interested in our stock. The last couple of years though, we planned for $1 billion
of share repos. We have overachieved. We've opportunistically, in the last 2 years, have bought back more
stock than we planned. There is some likelihood we would do that as well. And that -- we'll decide on that.
We talked about -- in the past about our portfolio. As Marillyn mentioned, we're very pleased with our
portfolio. But if something out there makes sense for us to acquire, we have the firepower to do that. If
you look at the composition of who owns our stock, it's almost 50% are our yield investors. So we will
certainly pay attention to our yield. Even with the high appreciation of -- even with the high appreciation
of our stock, we still have a very strong dividend yield relative to our share price. But I think the net is
we're not going to let cash -- we've demonstrated this over the last couple of years. We're not going to let
cash sit on our balance sheet. We will use it.

Operator

The next question is from Doug Harned with Bernstein.

Douglas Stuart Harned
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

I wanted to go back to the F-35 sustainment because I wanted to make sure I understood how the math
works out here. Because if I think of -- in a broad sense, and I'll put PBL aside for the moment. But I think
in a broad sense, about sustainment activity being somewhat proportional to the fleet size and if right
now, you're still building out depots, so there's, I would think, a surge in sustainment work at the current
time for that. And then if you have to bring down dollars per flight hour over the next few years, how
does this -- how do you get to a doubling or tripling of sustainment revenues in the next 5 years? I'm just
trying to figure out how this all flows.

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Executive VP & CFO

Okay. You bet, Doug. So yes, a lot going on. So just for completeness, this year, we see sustainment
growing not quite double digits, but close to double digits. So there are roughly 21 bases that are stood
up. We still have quite a few to stand up. We have a large number of 491 aircraft out in the fleet through
year-end. We're going to deliver 140 aircraft this year. Rough numbers, 160 next year; '22, 165. And
then we'll start getting up to the 170, 175, 180 aircraft delivered. We'll continue, as you said, drive down
the price per flight hour from roughly 35,000 to 25,000. What I'd like to remind you, though, is half of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

that is the government cost, half of that is our cost. But you will still continue to need sparing. Marillyn
mentioned the modernization work that is continuing. You will start to see, from a sales or revenue
standpoint, more modernization sales and sustainment once we have these depots up and sparing rather
than the cost of standing up the depot. So going forward, you will see a sizable ramp in modernization
cost, where the customer working with us deems which aircraft it makes sense to modernize and then the
spare of the fleet.

Operator

Next, we'll go to Seth Seifman with JPMorgan.

Seth Michael Seifman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Ken, you mentioned the outperformance on the orders this year. I guess first of all, where do you expect
to exit the year in terms of backlog relative to last December 31? And then in Missiles and Fire Control,
when do you anticipate that the margin rate there would stabilize and then maybe start to move in the
other direction?

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Executive VP & CFO

Got you. Okay. So we actually see -- what we know today, we see our backlog this year growing roughly
$3 billion, $4 billion. If you think about our orders, orders this year will not -- probably not be as strong as
they were in '19, but you do have some notable orders this year. So this year, we have 3 F-16 production
orders in 2020: Bulgaria, Taiwan and Morocco. We'll definitize F-35 Lot 14 this year. In the fourth quarter,
we have F-35 Lot 15. There is a variety of hypersonics awards that will come out this year. We have the
Indian Navy MH-60R that will occur, the SEAHAWK PBL. So our book-to-bill, the way we see it this year, is
a little bit over 1. It's 1.06. So we will grow backlog this year to roughly 1.47, 1.48.

Regarding Missiles and Fire Control, we've talked about this in the past. You do have the development
program, the classified development program that is kicking in. It'll continue to grow for the next couple
of years. We've talked about some of the risk retirements that we've had in the past. Some of those will
not occur this year, but it's probably next year or the year after that we would see the -- our margins start
to stabilize on Missiles and Fire Control. There will be other new prototype programs. So if you think about
hypersonics, especially in Missiles and Fire Control, it is strike hypersonics. We really were investing in the
counter hypersonics, but we really haven't seen any orders there yet. It would not surprise us if we're put
under contract this year and going forward for counter, and those will be dilutive to margins as well.

Greg Gardner
Vice President of Investor Relations

John, this is Greg. We're at the top of the hour. So I think I'll turn it back over to Marillyn for some final
thoughts.

Marillyn A. Hewson
Executive Chairman of the Board

Thanks. Let me wrap it up and conclude the call today, again, by thanking our 110,000 Lockheed Martin
employees for their remarkable efforts over the course of 2019 because it was a year that we delivered
outstanding strategic, operational and financial performance. Our corporation continues to excel in
attributes we most value, and that's providing critical solutions to our customers and returning value to
stockholders. So thank you again for joining us on the call today. We look forward to speaking with you at
our next earnings call in April.

John, that concludes our call today.

Operator
Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect at this time.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

