Alliant Energy Corporation 

NasdaqGS:LNT
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, November 05, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

EPS 
Normalized 

0.95

1.02

7.37

0.45

2.59

-

2.74

Revenue  (mm)

895.37

1024.00

14.37

688.50

3447.05

3400.00

3601.15

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-01-2021 6:13 PM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

0.23

0.67

0.56

0.95

0.24

0.68

0.57

1.02

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4.35 %

1.49 %

1.79 %

7.37 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
ALLIANT ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

John O. Larsen
Chairman, CEO & President

Robert J. Durian
Executive VP & CFO

Zac Fields

ANALYSTS

Andrew Levi
Hite Hedge Asset Management LLC

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ALLIANT ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to Alliant Energy's Conference Call for Third Quarter 2021 Results. This call
is being recorded for rebroadcast. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Zac Fields, Lead
Investor Relations Analyst at Alliant Energy.

Zac Fields

Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and on the webcast for joining us today. We
appreciate your participation.

Joining me on this call are John Larsen, Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Robert Durian,
Executive Vice President and CFO. Following prepared remarks by John and Robert, we will have time to
take questions from the investment community.

We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy's third quarter financial results, updated
our consolidated 2021 guidance range, and announced our 2022 earnings guidance and common stock
dividend target. This release as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today's call are
available on the Investors page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com.

Before we begin, I need to remind you that the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your
questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that
could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed
in Alliant Energy's press release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements.

In addition, this presentation contains references to non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation
between non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in the earnings release and our 10-Q, which will be
available on our website.

At this point, I'll turn the call over to John.

John O. Larsen
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, Zac. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us today as we highlight our solid results
for the third quarter of 2021.

To start us off, I'm pleased to share our narrowed and increased 2021 earnings guidance range of $2.61
to $2.67, which represents a forecasted 12th consecutive year of 5% or greater earnings growth. We are
also announcing our 2022 earnings guidance range of $2.65 to $2.79 per share, marking yet another
year of forecasted 5% to 7% growth. We understand the importance of delivering consistent returns for
our investors and solid operations for our customers. And in keeping with our plan to grow dividends
commensurate with earnings growth, I'm pleased to share that our Board of Directors has approved a 6%
increase in our targeted annual common stock dividend to $1.71 per share.

In a few moments, I'll turn the call over to Robert to share more details of our excellent third quarter
financial results. But before I do, I'll highlight some of our many accomplishments from the quarter.

Over the past several weeks, I've been pleased to meet with many investors and continue to share our
ESG story. It's been a natural journey for us and a direct outcome of how we deliver on our purpose: to
serve customers and build stronger communities. We know that a clear vision and solid execution are very
important factors when making investment decisions. We are proud that our progress and results have
been recognized by several key ESG rating organizations who rate us near the top of the utility industry.
Our top-performing results can be seen on supplemental Slide #2.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ALLIANT ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2021

Our recent corporate responsibility report highlights many of our achievements. We continue to make
steady progress, such as our commitment to plant more than 1 million trees across our service territory
over the next decade. Not only will this support our care for the environment value and our carbon
reduction efforts, it is also responsive to the impact from the 2020 derecho windstorm that devastated our
service territory.

In Wisconsin, we celebrated our first community solar project with a public open house and tours in the
town of Fond du Lac. The 1-megawatt solar garden will supply clean energy to up to 1,000 homes and
is expected to be operational by the end of 2021. Celebrating this solar garden reflects the community's
innovative spirit and passion for clean energy.

In Iowa, we are excited to have received IUB approval for our first solar garden. It's expected to be
constructed in 2022 at a site near Cedar Rapids.

In the third quarter, we also assumed ownership of the Bear Creek, North Rock, Wood County and Grand
County solar projects in Wisconsin. Construction has either started or will be started shortly on these
projects that totaled 450 megawatts.

And here in the fourth quarter, we acquired the Crawfish River project and expect to acquire the Onion
River project before the end of the year. With those acquisitions, we will have assumed ownership of all
675 megawatts of solar that was approved as part of our first CA filing in Wisconsin.

2 final highlights I'll share are tied to the social side of ESG. In September, we committed $4 million to
the Hometown Care Energy Fund to help customers who need financial assistance to help pay their energy
bills during the upcoming home heating season. The U.S. Energy Information Administration estimates
that Midwest natural gas expenditures will rise by nearly 50% compared with last winter. And while we
expect the proactive planning by our energy markets team will keep us in line or below those forecasted
increases, we know customers will welcome the additional support from this donation to help them stay on
track with their energy bills during this time of increased natural gas demand.

And finally, I'm excited to share that with the support of our suppliers and partners, our 15th annual
Drive Out Hunger event raised over $400,000, bringing our 15-year fundraising total to more than $5
million. This event has provided over 17 million meals to families in need across our service territory.
Combating hunger is one of the focus areas of our charitable foundation, and we are proud to partner with
our Feeding America food bank partners in Iowa and Wisconsin to help thousands of our customers access
nutritious food to strengthen their families.

With all the great results from the quarter, I would be remiss in not mentioning that our economic
development and customer growth efforts have resulted in our third year in a row of being named a
top utility and economic development by Site Selector magazine. Our economic development team in
collaboration with local, regional and state partners in Iowa and Wisconsin created more than $900 million
in new capital investments and more than 2,200 new jobs across Iowa and Wisconsin.

I look forward to meeting with many of you next week at the EEI Financial Conference to share even more
about our company, including our clean energy vision, flexible and well-executed capital investment plan,
our long track record of consistent financial and operational results, and our focus on the well-being of our
employees, customers and communities.

Thank you for your confidence in Alliant Energy. I'll now turn the call over to Robert.

Robert J. Durian
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone.

Yesterday, we announced third quarter 2021 GAAP earnings of $1.02 per share compared to $0.98 per
share in the third quarter last year. Our higher earnings year-over-year were driven by higher revenue
requirements due to increasing rate base as well as higher temperature normalized sales compared to
the third quarter of 2020. These higher earnings were partially offset by higher depreciation expense

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ALLIANT ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2021

and timing of income tax expense. Additionally, in the third quarter of 2020, we recorded a non-GAAP
adjustment of $0.04 per share related to a legacy guarantee in our nonutility operations.

Through the first 9 months of this year, temperatures in our service territory have increased retail electric
and gas margins by approximately $0.08 per share. By comparison in 2020, the year-to-date temperature
impacts through the first 3 quarters increased retail electric and gas margins by approximately $0.01 per
share.

Turning to temperature normalized sales. Our retail electric sales in the third quarter of 2021 were up
4.1% versus last year. The 2 key drivers for this increase are continued pandemic recovery in year-over-
year sales, particularly in the commercial and industrial classes, and minimal storm activity this year
compared to the third quarter of 2020 when our Iowa territory experienced a derecho windstorm. Through
the first 9 months of 2021, temperature-normalized electric sales have been better than forecasted,
largely due to higher-than-expected demand from residential and industrial customer classes.

As John mentioned, last night, we issued our consolidated 2022 earnings guidance range of $2.65 to
$2.79 per share. The key driver of the 6% growth in temperature normalized EPS is higher earnings on
increasing capital investments, primarily driven by our solar program. The details of our refreshed capital
expenditure plans are shown on Slides 5 and 6.

Our capital expenditures, net of expected tax equity contributions over the 5-year period from 2021
through 2025, will total approximately $7 billion or an average of $1.4 billion per year. Our capital
expenditure plans continue to be focused on the transition to cleaner energy and strengthening the
reliability and resiliency of our electric grid.

We continue to make progress on our plans to add 1,500 megawatts of solar energy for both our
Wisconsin and Iowa customers and have adjusted our flexible capital expenditure plans to address the
current market conditions for solar panels and related project materials. Our plan includes expectations
for increasing costs for these solar projects as supply constraints and commodity inflation continue to be
prevalent in the solar market. Despite increasing costs, these solar projects remain key elements of our
clean energy blueprints and will bring long-term environmental and cost benefits to our customers.

In addition to the 1.1 gigawatts of solar previously announced for our Wisconsin customers, our plan
includes additional renewables and energy storage in Wisconsin, in part to replace the capacity from
a portion of the West Riverside Energy Center that we anticipate will be purchased by our neighboring
utilities over the next few years.

In Iowa, we recently completed an advanced rate making filing for our announced 400 megawatts of solar
and 75 megawatts of battery storage. We plan for 200 megawatts of that solar, plus the battery storage,
to be located at the site of the recently retired Duane Arnold Energy Center, leveraging the existing
transmission interconnection from the former nuclear plant. This will be our first utility-scale battery
storage installation and will be an important complement to our solar generation.

Finally, we've also included capital expenditures in the latter part of our 5-year plan for additional energy
storage and renewables, including wind repowering opportunities, to increase our portfolio of cost-effective
clean energy sources for our utility customers.

Slide 9 has been provided to assist you in modeling the effective tax rates for our 2 utilities and our
consolidated group. We estimate a consolidated effective tax rate of negative 13% for 2021 and positive
6% for 2022. At our Wisconsin utility, we will have returned essentially all of the available excess deferred
income tax benefits to our customers by the end of 2021, leading to a higher effective tax rate going
forward. At our Iowa utility, our large wind portfolio and the resulting production tax credits will maintain
our lower effective tax rate for several more years. The production tax credits and excess deferred tax
benefits flow back to customers, resulting in lower electric margins. Thus, the changes in the effective tax
rate related to the PTCs and excess deferred tax benefits are largely earnings neutral.

Next, I'd highlight our continued focus on controlling costs for our customers. We have met virtually with
many of you throughout this year and shared our strategy to reduce O&M over the next few years. This
strategy is important as we head into the upcoming winter heating season, with much higher anticipated

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ALLIANT ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2021

fuel prices, reminding us that our customers need our continued focus on controlling costs to keep rates
affordable. Additionally, while we are not immune to rising commodity prices, we are able to leverage our
risk management programs to mitigate the impact of rising natural gas and coal costs on customer bills.

Let's move next to our financing plans. In September, we issued a $300 million green bond at WPL to
finance renewal projects in Wisconsin. The coupon rate of 1.95% represents the lowest interest rate for a
10-year debenture issued by WPL, helping to support our customer affordability objectives. Our financing
plan over the next 14 months includes issuing up to $1.4 billion of long-term debt at our utilities and
Alliant Energy Finance. The proceeds from the new debt issuances will be used to refinance existing debt
and the redemption of preferred stock and to finance the utilities capital expenditure plans. Our 2022
financing plans also include $25 million of new common equity through our DRIP plan. Lastly, we have
included our regulatory initiatives of note on Slide 7.

As mentioned earlier, this week, we filed the advanced ratemaking principles for 400 megawatts of solar
and 75 megawatts of storage for our Iowa utility. The key details of this filing are outlined on Slide 8. We
plan to receive a decision on this filing in the second half of 2022.

Looking ahead, this quarter, we expect to receive the written decision regarding our WPL rate review,
including the decision on the innovative cost recovery mechanism for the Edgewater Unit 5 coal plant
expected to retire by the end of 2022. And in the first half of next year, we plan to receive a decision on
our second solar CA filing in Wisconsin.

We very much appreciate your continued support of our company and look forward to meeting with many
of you during the EEI Finance Conference next week.

Later today, we expect to post on our website the EEI investor presentation and the November 2021 fact
book, which details the separate IPL and WPL updated capital expenditures, rate base, and construction
work and progress forecast through 2025.
At this time, I'll turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ALLIANT ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

Look forward to seeing many of you. Perhaps just -- so perhaps just to kick things off, can we go back
to the solar CapEx and some of the shifts here? Obviously, you kind of alluded to it, but I want to make
this a little bit more explicit. The shift in CapEx here to '24, is that just about inflation and supply chain
uncertainties here in the near term? Or are there other factors, especially in the later years, whether that's
'22 or '23 that are driving it out?

John O. Larsen
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Julien, John here. Yes. I think you have that. Just a little bit of an adjustment for inflation. And then,
of course, this time of year, we bring in our new refreshed CapEx. And as Robert noted, we've added a bit
there with some repower and some additional resources. But I think you've got the headline on that one.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

Yes. It's -- you're not alone is what I'll say. But if I can actually ask that a little bit in reverse here. How
are you thinking about financing it today? I mean certainly, the conversation or indirect pay from several
of your peers has taken note. How are you thinking about this impacting your financing structure, and/or
more importantly, your cash flow outlook?

John O. Larsen
Chairman, CEO & President

Robert, do you want to take that one?

Robert J. Durian
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Sure, Julien. So yes, you'll see in the information that we shared in the earnings release with the
CapEx table, we continue to model out a tax equity structure, and that will finance roughly 25% to 45%
of these solar projects with a tax equity financing partner. But to your point, we are watching the new
legislation that's being proposed in the Budget Reconciliation Bill. And if we do see some type of direct
pay, plus production tax credits for solar, we'll reevaluate that financing mechanism. Right now, we've got
about $1 billion of financing planned over the next 5 years with the tax equity structures. So that could
be an opportunity for us for future rate base growth if those provisions come to fruition through the new
legislation.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

Got it. But you're not ready to talk about what the, shall we say, nearer-term benefit to your cash flow
metrics looks like thus far?

John O. Larsen
Chairman, CEO & President

I think there's still some moving targets on that, Julien. John here. But I think the net result from what
we're seeing, it's very much in line with where we're going with our plan. And as Robert noted, if anything,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ALLIANT ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2021

it appears to have some favorability for both customers and investors. So I think as we see that play out,
we'll certainly talk more about any impacts to our plan.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

Got it. And the last quick one there. Just on the shift in distribution CapEx, obviously, stepping up in the
later years. Is there any undergrounding in there? I know we've talked about that at various points with
respect to ratio follow-up.

John O. Larsen
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Continue to have a lot of focus on advancing underground. What we're working on is making sure we
continue to get more and more efficient. So we look at not only advancing the underground but getting
efficient with each unit of capital, if you will, Julien. So that's very much in there.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll now take a follow-up from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

Sorry, guys. If no one is going to ask this question, I might as well jump in to confirm it. Just on Duane
Arnold, is that in -- the solar facility, is that in the updated CapEx? Sorry. Not sure if I heard that right in
the commentary. And then on the reconciliation bill, just clarifying this, you're not really concerned about
minimum cash tax considerations here either, right?

John O. Larsen
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Affirmative on both, Julien. The solar in Iowa, we recently announced is in our CapEx, and we don't
see the minimum tax as impacting Alliant Energy.

Robert J. Durian
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, I might add, Julien. So right now, what we're seeing is the minimum threshold for the book income to
qualify for the 15% minimum tax would be $1 billion. And right now, we're probably in that $600 million to
-- growing to $700 million over the next few years. So we think we'll be exempt from that assuming that
the provision comes out with the same minimum threshold of $1 billion.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll now take a question from Andrew Levi with Hite Hedge.

Andrew Levi
Hite Hedge Asset Management LLC

So I'd like the answer to Julien's question, especially on the financing [indiscernible]. You guys obviously
are taking a look at that really depending on what's going on. Some other companies do not. As far as
looking forward, because you always kind of -- your CapEx plans are somewhat front-end loaded and then
you kind of fill in. As you look at the second part of the decade, you get out to '25 and beyond, what's kind
of not included yet that you envisioned to, whether it's in '24 or '25, and more importantly, '26, '27 to be
kind of added or big CapEx spend going forward?

Robert J. Durian
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Andrew. This is Robert. I guess when we look beyond '25, which we've announced to date, we have
provided some guidance through some of our materials that show we're thinking about roughly $7 billion

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ALLIANT ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2021

to $9 billion of CapEx over the following 5-year plan. And as you think about that, I think it's going to be a
continuation of what we're focused on now. A lot of it is going to be focused on cleaner energy sources. So
think of that as more solar, more wind, including repowering opportunities, more storage. So all of those
line up well with what our intention is, to translate or transfer our generation fleet to cleaner sources.

And we think this new legislation that's being proposed under the Budget Reconciliation Bill, we'd be very
supportive of that and help be able to provide some good cost benefits for our customers through that
program. And also, on a continuation of our electric grid spend, so we've obviously talked a lot to you guys
about the fact that we feel it's very important to focus on reliability and resiliency in that system. And so
we'll see a continuation of undergrounding spend on 25 kV standardization. So that's going to drive a lot
of that CapEx in the latter half. So those are the 2 primary categories.

We'll have other things that we'll obviously watch. And as John indicated before, we let our capital
compete. We're always looking for the best opportunities for our customers. But those seem to be
bubbling up to the top right now as far as cleaner sources of energy and the grid.

Andrew Levi
Hite Hedge Asset Management LLC

Okay. That's great. And then just on the transmission side, again, I think a smaller opportunity for you.
But then also to kind of look at your customers and all the other money that you're spending, and at the
same time, saving by what you feel to kind of give and take. But one area that kind of, I think, always
been something that you guys are focused on is like lowering the cost of transmission for your customers
since I think ITC is a big part of that cost. So could you kind of maybe talk about what efforts, if any,
you're trying to do as far as reduce your transmission costs, as far as returns, and what you may be
hearing from the FERC, and what direction they're going as far as adders and also potential reduction of
the base ROE, and whether you're in support of that? Or you're just kind of an onlooker?

John O. Larsen
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Maybe I'll just start off. Yes, it's certainly important, Andrew, from overall cost, and we know it's
important for transmission that's needed to connect renewables. So we certainly have a forecast for that
and certainly would like to see transmission commensurate with the renewable adds.

We do continue to focus on making sure those investments remain affordable for our customers. So you'll
see us weighing in on occasion on those. To handicap what's going to come out with the FERC, I guess I'd
say it's going to be -- I'm just going to assume that it's going to be reasonable. It's going to continue to
be helpful for transmission to get built. And other than trying to predict numbers, I think we've got a lot of
that baked into our forecast, and we'll continue to monitor it.

Zac Fields

This concludes Alliant Energy's Third Quarter Earnings Call. A replay will be available through November
12, 2021 at (888) 203-1112 for U.S. and Canada or (719) 457-0820 for international. Callers should
reference conference ID 4175543 and PIN 9578. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script
of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the Investors section of the company's
website later today. Thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy, and feel free to contact me
with any follow-up questions.

Operator
And once again, that does conclude today's conference, and we thank you all for your participation. You
may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ALLIANT ENERGY CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

