LyondellBasell Industries N.V. NYSE:LYB
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, July 30, 2021 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

5.62

-

Revenue  (mm)

11088.47

11561.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-27-2021 1:24 AM GMT

-

4.26

5.15

16.78

13.95

10847.50

40641.85

39208.95

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.13

1.33

2.65

5.62

1.27

2.19

3.20

-

12.39 %

64.66 %

20.75 %

-

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

David Kinney
Head of Investor Relations

Michael C. McMurray
Executive VP, CFO & Principal
Accounting Officer

ANALYSTS

Arun Shankar Viswanathan
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

David L. Begleiter
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Frank Joseph Mitsch
Fermium Research, LLC

Hassan Ijaz Ahmed
Alembic Global Advisors

Jaideep Mukesh Pandya
On Field Investment Research LLP

Jeffrey John Zekauskas
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

John Ezekiel E. Roberts
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Kevin William McCarthy
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Matthew Robert Lovseth Blair
Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.
Securities, LLC, Research Division

Michael Joseph Sison
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Prashant N. Juvekar
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Robert Andrew Koort
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Steve Byrne
BofA Securities, Research Division

Unknown Analyst

Vincent Stephen Andrews
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Hello, and welcome to the LyondellBasell Teleconference. At the request of LyondellBasell, this conference
is being recorded for instant replay purposes. Following today's presentation, we will conduct a question-
and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Kinney, Head of Investor
Relations. Sir, you may begin.

David Kinney
Head of Investor Relations

Thank you, operator. Hello, and welcome to LyondellBasell's Second Quarter 2021 Teleconference. I'm
joined today by Bob Patel, our Chief Executive Officer; and Michael McMurray, our Chief Financial Officer.

Before we begin the discussion, I would like to point out that a slide presentation accompanies today's call
and is available on our website at www.lyondellbasell.com/investorrelations. Today, we will be discussing
our business results while making reference to some forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial
measures. We believe the forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, and the
alternative measures are useful to investors. Nonetheless, the forward-looking statements are subject
to significant risk and uncertainty. We encourage you to learn more about the factors that could lead
our actual results to differ by reviewing the cautionary statements in the presentation slides and our
regulatory filings, which are also available at our Investor Relations website.

Additional documents on our Investor Relations website provides reconciliations of non-GAAP financial
measures to GAAP financial measures, together with other disclosures, including the earnings release.

Finally, I would like to point out that a recording of this call will be available by telephone beginning at
1 p.m. Eastern Time today until August 30 by calling (877) 660-6853 in the United States and (201)
612-7415 outside the United States. The passcode for both numbers is 137-21413.

During today's call, we will focus on second quarter results, the current environment, our near-term
outlook and provide an update on our growth initiatives. Comments made on this call will be in regard to
our underlying business results, in some cases, excluding the impacts of lower of cost or market inventory
adjustments, or LCM.

With that being said, I would now like to turn the call over to Bob.

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Thank you, Dave. Good day to all of you. We appreciate you joining us today as we discuss our second
quarter results. Before we begin with the business discussion, I would like to acknowledge the sadness we
are feeling throughout the LyondellBasell family after a tragic incident this week at our La Porte facility,
which resulted in the death of 2 contractors and injuries to several additional contractors and employees.
Every day, we work diligently to ensure that the colleagues, the friends and, most importantly, the families
of our employees and contractors never have to receive the calls that went out last Tuesday evening,
notifying them of the loss or injury of a loved one. Our investigation is underway, and it will be some time
before we reach a conclusive determination regarding the cause of the incident. Our sincere condolences
go out to the families of the 2 men lost in the incident, and we pray for a fast and full recovery for all of
the injured.

Please turn to Slide 3, and let's review our second quarter financial results. LyondellBasell's global
businesses are benefiting from more than 90% higher than our first quarter results. Strong demand
for our products allowed us to increase prices and expand margins to generate more than $3 billion of
quarterly EBITDA.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Despite the increased working capital required by higher prices and volumes, we generated $1.9 billion of
cash from operating activities.

These results demonstrate how LyondellBasell's disciplined investments in growth and share repurchases
over the past few years have enabled us to establish new benchmarks for our company's profitability.

Second quarter EBITDA is 38% higher than our previous record established in the third quarter of

[Audio Gap]

a larger LyondellBasell is now positioned to generate stronger results and higher cash flow through
business cycles. The events of this week provide a vivid reminder of the reasons behind our company's
commitment to safe and reliable operations. Let's turn to Slide 4 and review our recent safety
performance.

As of the end of June, our year-to-date total recordable incident rate of 0.22 for employees and
contractors remained in the top 10% of our industry. As we do with all major incidents, we will investigate
the root cause and contributing factors involved in this week's events and share our findings with our
contractors, our employees and our industry peers. Our aim is to learn from all incidents and achieve a
goal 0 work environment that prevents such tragedies from occurring.

On Slide 5, I would like to highlight our most recent sustainability report that we released last month.
This report focuses on LyondellBasell's efforts to address 3 urgent global challenges for our business,
eliminating plastic waste in the environment, addressing climate change and supporting a thriving society.

LyondellBasell is leading work to transform our industry towards more sustainable

[Audio Gap]

We are developing projects that should enable us to achieve our industry-leading goal of producing and
marketing 2 million metric tons of recycled and renewable based polymers annually by 2030.

LyondellBasell aims to be a leader in supplying the large and growing addressable market for Circular
Polymers.

On climate change, we support the ambitions of the Paris Climate Agreement, and we're moving forward
with investments in energy reduction, increased utilization of renewable energy and evaluation of new
low-carbon technologies. We will be sharing more details on our carbon reduction plans over the coming
months.

In our work to advance the thriving society, I'm very pleased to see the enthusiasm from our employees
to embrace a more inclusive work environment. During the second quarter, we launched employee
network Basell. These networks allow colleagues with similar interests, identities and goals to foster
professional and personal growth. When combined with our emphasis on a safe work culture and
community engagement, our work to capture the full potential of our diverse global workforce should
further enhance the sustainability of our company's performance.

Following an exceptional second quarter, some market observers are predicting a rapid decline in prices
and profitability for our industry. On Slide 6, I would like to point out why we believe that markets will be
stronger for longer.

COVID vaccinations have been the driving force behind the reopening of societies and the rebounding
global economy. As of July, only 14% of the global population is fully vaccinated. While the U.S. and
roughly a dozen other countries have achieved vaccination rates approaching or exceeding 50%, health
experts anticipate that vaccines will be rolling out to the rest of the world throughout 2022 and into 2023.

As seen by the increased spread among unvaccinated populations and the rise of variants, we still have
much work ahead of us to contain the coronavirus and realize the full economic power of global reopening.
Returning to normalcy is eagerly anticipated by consumers with considerable pent-up demand and
increased disposable income.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

The Bureau of Economic Analysis estimates that U.S. personal savings averaged $3.5 trillion during the
first 5 months of 2021, nearly 3x the level seen in 2019. With fiscal stimulus continuing to flow into the
economy, consumers are both motivated and well funded to drive global economic activity.

[Audio Gap]

This unfulfilled demand will persist to drive strong industrial production and demand for our materials for
quite some time.

One example is that the average age of an automobile in the U.S. reached an all-time high of 12
years in 2021. Businesses and consumers will eventually need to replace this aging fleet of cars and
trucks. Despite higher prices and supply chain constraints, demand for our products serving automotive
manufacturing are forecast to increase a total of 10% in 2021 and an additional 11% during 2022.

Strong U.S. household formation during the pandemic has evolved into a robust housing market.
LyondellBasell benefits from both direct demand for building and construction materials as well as demand
for our products used in the myriad of furniture, appliances and other goods that complete a new home.

And as vaccinations facilitate improvements in global mobility, LyondellBasell's products will see increased
demand from restocking and consumption by service, entertainment, travel and hospitality industries
as well as increased demand for transportation fuels supplied by LyondellBasell's oxyfuels and refining
businesses. In short, we remain confident that persistently high demand should support strong markets
for our products through 2022.

With that, I will turn the call over to Michael, who will describe our financial and segment results over the
past quarter.

Michael C. McMurray
Executive VP, CFO & Principal Accounting Officer

Thank you, Bob. Good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slide 7, and let me begin by highlighting our
strong cash generation, which has been enhanced by our recent growth investments. In the second
quarter, LyondellBasell generated $1.9 billion of cash from operating activities that contributed towards the
more than $4 billion over the past 12 months.

Our free operating cash flow yield has been 10.1% over the past 4 quarters and free operating cash flow
for the second quarter improved by more than 80% relative to the second quarter of 2019. We expect
continued improvement of our last 12 months cash flow performance as we move forward through each
quarter of 2021. Let's turn to Slide 8 and review the details of our cash generation and deployment during
the second quarter.

As I have mentioned during previous calls, a strong and progressive dividend plays a fundamental role
in our capital deployment strategy. In the second quarter, we expressed our confidence in our outlook by
increasing the quarterly dividend by 7.6% to $1.13 per share. We continue to invest in maintenance and
growth projects during the quarter with approximately $430 million in capital expenditures. Strong cash
flow supported debt repayments of $1.3 billion, bringing our year-to-date debt reduction to $1.8 billion.
We closed the second quarter with cash and liquid investments of $1.5 billion.

Last week, S&P Global Ratings recognize the improvement in our metrics by upgrading our credit ratings
and indicating a stable outlook. We expect that robust cash generation and an anticipated tax refund will
enable continued progress on our goal to reduce our net debt by up to $4 billion during 2021 and further
strengthen our investment-grade balance sheet.

One modeling item of note. Our original full year net interest expense guidance of $430 million did not
include extinguishment costs associated with our accelerated debt repayment program. As a result, our
2021 net interest expense will likely exceed this prior guidance.

Please turn to Slide 9 to review our quarterly profitability. In the second quarter of 2021, LyondellBasell's
business portfolio delivered record EBITDA of $3 billion. This was an improvement of more than $1.4
billion relative to the first quarter. Our results reflect robust demand for our products driven by the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

recovery in global economy and our growth investments. Markets remained tight during the second
quarter as the industry returned to normal operation following first quarter disruptions from the winter
storm that constrained production for LyondellBasell and nearly all of our competitors with operations in
the state of Texas.

Persistent consumer and industrial demand has met tight markets, leading to 7 consecutive months of
North American polyethylene contract price increases totaling more than $900 per ton. We expect market
conditions to remain robust and that continued progress in global reopening, sizable order backlogs and
the increasing demand for transportation fuels will all support strong margins across LyondellBasell's
businesses.

Our previous quarterly EBITDA record set in the third quarter of 2015 was approximately $2.2 billion, with
more than $140 million of EBITDA contributed by our Refining segment. Today, our growth investments
are helping offset a challenging refining environment and enabling us to surpass the 2015 record. Our aim
is to leverage our larger business portfolio to achieve improved results at all stages of the business cycle.

Now let's review second quarter results for each of our segments. As mentioned, my discussion will
describe our underlying business results, I will begin with our Olefins and Polyolefins – Americas on Slide
10. Strong demand, improved margins and our growth investments drove second quarter EBITDA to a
record of $1.6 billion, $709 million higher than the first quarter.

Olefins results increased by approximately $310 million compared to the first quarter due to higher
margins and volumes. LyondellBasell's cracker operating rates increased to 93%, following the first quarter
Texas weather events, about 5 points above the second quarter industry average. Margins improved
primarily due to the absence of high cost incurred during the prior quarter's weather events.

Polyolefin results increased by about $400 million during the second quarter as robust demand in tight
markets drove higher prices and margins for polyethylene and polypropylene. We anticipate continued
strength in demand and margins for our O&P and Americas businesses during the third quarter. While
consultants are predicting some margin compression for ethylene, recent outages have caused prices to
quickly rebound and demonstrated that markets remain relatively tight.

High demand, low downstream inventories and customer backlogs are expected to continue and and
provide ongoing support for strong polymer margins. As of this week, our August order volumes for PE
and PP in the Americas segment are stronger than any prior month in 2021.

Now please turn to Slide 11 to review the performance of our Olefins and Polyolefins Europe, Asia and
International segment. Similar to the Americas, robust demand and improving margins in our EAI markets
drove second quarter EBITDA to a record $708 million, $296 million higher than the first quarter.

Olefins results improved by $100 million as margins increased driven by higher ethylene and coproduct
prices. Demand was robust during the quarter, and we operated our crackers at a rate of 96%, more than
10% above industry benchmarks.

Combined polyolefin results increased approximately $180 million compared to the prior quarter. Strong
polymer demand drove spread improvements with price increases for polyethylene and polypropylene
outpacing monomer prices. Margin improvements were partially offset by a small decline in polyolefin
volume. During the third quarter, we could see modest rebalancing of tight European markets as
customers take downtime for summer holidays.

Please turn to Slide 12 as we take a look at our Intermediates and Derivatives segment. Robust demand
expanded our margins and increased our sales volumes following the Texas weather events and some
planned maintenance during the prior quarter. Second quarter EBITDA was $596 million, more than 3x
higher than the prior quarter.

Second quarter propylene oxide and derivative results increased by $170 million driven by record high
margins. Intermediate Chemicals results increased by about $170 million, primarily due to higher product
prices for most of the businesses. Oxyfuels and related products results increased by $70 million, driven
by higher margins, benefiting from improved demand and higher gasoline prices. We expect continued

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

strength in durable goods and improving transportation fuels demand to increase third quarter volumes for
our I&D segment. Margins could slightly moderate if industry production rates remain strong.

Please turn to Slide 13 and allow me to dive a little deeper into transportation trends that support our
improving outlook for LyondellBasell's oxyfuels and refined products. Demand for transportation fuels
are rebounding from pandemic close. Total gasoline and distillate demand in June was within 5% of pre-
pandemic levels. Reduced demand in margins for refined products is mostly due to lagging demand for
jet fuel associated with business and international travel. Jet fuel demand remains stubbornly below pre-
pandemic levels.

As vaccinations in global travel resumes through 2022 and 2023, we expect refining margins will improve
and drive additional earnings power for LyondellBasell's Houston refinery. The chart on the left illustrates
the Northwest Europe raw material margin for MTBE, which is an industry marker for our oxyfuels
products sold into gasoline blending markets around the world.

While Oxyfuels are typically a reliable performing business through the cycle, low demand for gasoline
pushed this margin into breakeven or negative territory over the prior 4 quarters. Since the beginning
of this year, global demand for gasoline and gasoline blending components such as MTBE and ETBE
has improved, increasing the margin to an average of $167 per ton during the second quarter. This is
a significant rebound and well within the historical range shown by the blue band on the chart. As we
expected, faster recovery in gasoline markets has returned profitability [indiscernible].

Now let's move forward and review the results of our Advanced Polymer Solutions segment on Slide
14. The margin improvement was offset by a decline in volumes as semiconductor shortages reduced
demand for our polymers serving automotive and electronic end markets. Second quarter EBITDA was
$129 million, $6 million lower than the first quarter.

Compounding & Solutions results decreased by about $25 million as volumes decline for polymers supplied
to the automotive sector, appliance manufacturing and other industries that were constrained by chip
shortages. Advanced Polymer results increased by approximately $10 million due to improved polymer
price spreads over propylene raw materials.

In July, feedstock cost for our polypropylene compounds produced in Europe have increased and are likely
to pressure margins during the third quarter. We only expect gradual volume recovery for compound
supply to automotive and electronics applications as semiconductor supply constraints decrease over the
coming quarters.

Now let's turn to Slide 15 and discuss the result for our Refining segment. Improvements in the Maya
2-1-1 refining frack spread

[Audio Gap]

and lower prices for refinery-grade propylene co-product. This resulted in second quarter EBITDA of
negative $81 million, an improvement of $29 million relative to the first quarter of 2021. In the second
quarter, the Maya 2-1-1 benchmark increased by $6.14 per barrel to $21.46 per barrel.

The average crude throughput at the refinery increased to 248,000 barrels per day, an operating rate
of 93%. In July, we continue to see improvements in refined product demand and we are running the
refinery at nearly full rates. Strong demand for diesel and improving demand for gasoline is expected to
improve refining margins and could enable our refinery to return to profitability before the end of 2021.
And as mentioned, full margin recovery will require a stronger rebound in jet fuel demand.

Please turn to Slide 16 as we review the results of our Technology segment. Increased licensing revenue
was offset by a decline in catalyst margin, resulting in a second quarter EBITDA of $92 million, $2 million
lower than the prior quarter. We expect that third quarter profitability for our technology business will be
similar to the same quarter last year based on the anticipated timing of licensing revenue and catalyst
demand.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Bob.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Thank you, Michael. Let me summarize our view of current conditions and the outlook for our businesses
with Slide 17. In the near to midterm, we are still in the early stages of the global economic recovery. And
despite the challenges from variants, continued progress with vaccinations and reopening should continue
to support robust demand and margins for our products.

Pent-up demand is tangible, and consumers have ample liquidity to drive purchases of both services
and manufactured goods as reopening proceeds globally. Low inventories due to supply constraints and
logistics disruptions will only serve to extend tight market conditions. Downstream customer backlogs and
persistent demand bode well for continued strength in LyondellBasell's order books.

In polyethylene, strong U.S. and Latin American demand has overtaken volumes that previously flowed
from the U.S. to export markets in Asia. As logistics constraints subside and U.S. PG exports to Asia
resume, producers will need to refill a depleted supply chain of 500,000 tons or more that is not fully
captured in industry statistics. In North America, we expect markets for PE and PP will remain tight into
next year.

Higher vaccination rates are expected to improve global mobility over the coming year. The return of
international travel will drive further recovery in transportation fuels markets to increase profitability for
our oxyfuels and refining businesses, providing additional earnings upside for LyondellBasell.

Let me close with Slide 18. Our second quarter results provide clear evidence of LyondellBasell's progress
in maximizing cash flow performance through all stages of the business cycle. We are leveraging our
leading and advantaged positions across a larger asset base to deliver results that far exceed our previous
benchmarks.

In today's strong markets, our second quarter EBITDA results are 38% higher than our previous record.
By 2023, we expect that our recent growth investments will provide an additional $1.5 billion of mid-cycle
EBITDA earnings capability relative to 2017. Our value-driven growth investments should propel stronger
performance in a variety of business environments.

Our prudent financial strategy remains consistent. We have increased our quarterly dividend and remain
confident in our capability to deliver on this commitment throughout business cycles. We are prioritizing
deleveraging and our rapid progress on debt repayment will serve to further strengthen our investment-
grade balance sheet.

Capacity expansions are coming online in our industry during a period of extraordinary demand
growth and enabling an orderly absorption of this new capacity into the market. Further investments
in petrochemicals are proceeding at a manageable rate and recent project cancellations and delays
demonstrate capital discipline by market participants.

At LyondellBasell, we're focused on providing leadership for our industry to establish a more sustainable
future with new circular business models. We will increase our capacity to serve the growing market
demand for Circulen-branded polymers produced from recycled and renewable feedstocks as we work
toward our goal of annually producing 2 million tons

[Audio Gap]

of these products by 2030.
LyondellBasell is capturing the strength of a rebounding economy. We aim to extend our track record
of robust returns from our growing global business portfolio and look forward to updating you on our
progress over the coming quarters. We're now pleased to take your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.

Jeffrey John Zekauskas
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

At the end of the first quarter, Bob, you talked about how low your inventories were in Europe. Maybe you
said they were 11 days. Can you talk about where your inventory days are now? And secondly, did -- have
U.S. contract polyethylene prices for July settled? And if they have settled, what was the change?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Jeff, thank you for that question. On inventory, we are starting to restore inventories back to more normal
levels. They're better than they were -- or higher than they were back in Q1, but still not above historic
levels. And we continue to be hand to mouth on several grades, both in the U.S. and in Europe. They are
improving.

One other comment about inventory is that in the U.S. in particular, we're not positioned to do a lot of
exports. That will require another level of inventory, which we don't have today. So the inventory situation
is improving, not back to historic levels.

On July contract, discussions are still ongoing. Markets are very firm, tight. We still have hurricane season
in front of us. We have a heavy maintenance schedule in the industry in Q3 and early Q4 in the U.S. So
contract discussions are ongoing, and there are more announcements out there for August.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steve Byrne with Bank of America.

Steve Byrne
BofA Securities, Research Division

Yes. I'm curious as to how much visibility do you have about inventory levels at your customers and
whether their inventory levels are back to normal or still low or maybe they're starting to run them down.
Just curious on that. And is there anything structural that precludes your U.S. customers from looking to
the international market to fulfill their demand. Is there something that precludes them from really doing
that, whether it's product quality or the type of material they need from converters? Anything you can
comment on that?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Sure, Steve. First of all, inventory at customers, it's difficult for us to have exact numbers on that. But I
can tell you that when we've had some intermittent unplanned outages recently, we -- they seem to not
have much inventory because for a day or 2 late, they're very concerned. So anecdotally, I would say
there's not much inventory downstream, especially because there's this anticipation of pricing leveling
off as well. And we've been talking about that for months now and prices continue to rise because of the
persistent demand strength. So all of that says to me, customers are not holding an extraordinary amount
of inventory. When we're late, they call us right away.

Secondly, your question about imports. Historically and even today, imports because of long lead times
and generally only the more generic grades are available for import, the imports tend to be limited.
Furthermore, if you think about today, transportation costs, shipping costs and container costs from Asia
to the U.S. basically wipe out the entire arbitrage that exists today in polyethylene price, for example.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Shipping cost, including container cost, is 3 to 4x what it used to be pre-pandemic. So all of that limits the
amount of imports that really come in and the customer's ability to import product.

Operator

Our next question comes from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.

Prashant N. Juvekar
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

I hear your commentary about stronger for longer. But even if one takes a view that this tightness is
temporary, maybe last for 6 months to a year, the free cash flow you will get is real. I mean you almost
get $3 billion to $4 billion of free cash flow during this period of tightness. What would you do with that
free cash flow? Would you either go towards sort of green projects like CCS or CO2 recycling or hydrogen
projects? Or B, would you rather go into M&A opportunity. There are a lot of mid-cap companies in
chemical industry that would fit well with your I&D or APS segment. How do you think about allocating this
extra free cash flow?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Excellent. Thank you for that question, P.J. There's a lot there. First of all, you're absolutely right. This
debate of where we are in the cycle whether we're at elevated levels or not, I think there's a couple of
points to be made. One is that what's lost in this debate is that LyondellBasell's mid-cycle earnings have
stepped up. Through-the-cycle earnings power is up by $1 billion to $1.1 billion so far in 2021 compared
to 2017. And when we have a full year of PO/TBA production in '23, that will add another $400 million to
$500 million of EBITDA to our earnings power.

I think that's very important in terms of through-the-cycle cash generation ability to pay dividend, fund
buybacks in the future, all of that. We must not forget that while we continue to debate are we at peak or
not.

Secondly, in terms of capital allocation, our first priority is to continue to pay down debt. And Michael
talked about that in the prepared remarks about our target of up to $4 billion of debt reduction this year.
We think that's very achievable. We'll continue to update everyone on that. Once we're to that point
where we've taken out of $4 billion of debt, then I think the whole range of sort of alternatives come into
play, continue to strengthen the dividend, think about buybacks, look for deep value M&A. I think we've
demonstrated that, that's our focus and stay within the lanes where we swim today.

So we'll continue to look for that. In terms of green projects, we're still studying where we can get
the most bang for the buck, if you will. And I suspect that our CapEx will reflect some of those green
investments later in the decade, probably 2025 onwards. And I would suspect that will be for a total in the
second half of 2021 somewhere in $2 billion to $3 billion range in terms of CapEx in the second half of the
decade not annually, but total for the second half of the decade.

Operator

Our next question comes from Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.

Robert Andrew Koort
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Bob, you mentioned that the freight rates crowd out imports in the U.S. market. I assume those freight
rates are a friction point on export. So you had mentioned that maybe there could be more demand than
we've seen. And I presume part of that would be into the export market. So how do you think it all plays
out? I was looking this morning, it looks like export prices are $0.15, $0.20 less than domestic prices for
molding polyethylene. So do you have to give in on price in order to move that volume as inventories
rebuild? Do maybe offshore prices have to come up towards U.S. prices? How do you see that dynamic
playing out?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Yes. Great question, Bob. So first of all, historically, even pre-pandemic freight rates coming from Asia to
the U.S. were always higher than freight rates going out of U.S. to Asia because of the backhaul sort of
concept on product going out. Typically, we would pay about $40 per ton, excluding packaging, just freight
to get polyethylene, for example, from the Gulf Coast to Asia.

Today, that's probably double. It's not really limited in terms of exports. Frankly, we just don't have
enough production today to be able to export spot volume to Asia. We are doing some exports that are
more contract-oriented down to Latin America. We have some contract commitments even in Asia that we
continue to fulfill.

But we're not quite back in that mode. Certainly, as a company, we're not where we're looking for spot
volume going to Asia. And I think as the year progresses and some of these bottlenecks around shipping
relieve themselves, I don't see that as being a challenge. And over time, as that happens, I think the price
in China should start to come up as their ability to export finished goods improves. And I think the world
will kind of equilibrate with China prices coming up as these shipping constraints relieve themselves.

Operator

Our next question comes from Mike Sison with Wells Fargo.

Michael Joseph Sison
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Nice quarter, guys. When you think about your profitability heading into the second half of the year,
given -- I think your outlook tends to be a little bit more positive than the consultants. Do you think your
margins will continue to improve sequentially?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Since the last earnings call, I think that will continue. I mean if you think about it, we still have global
reopening in front of us, so many durable goods that are on back order: automobiles, appliances,
furniture, I could go on and on. Many value chains are still very low on inventory, down through finished
goods. So that needs to get rebuilt. And then for us, as a company, we'll benefit as mobility increases. So
when you think about all those factors, it's hard to imagine that demand would weaken in the second half
of the year.

Now we do have some other forces at play. We have feedstocks are coming up a bit with natural gas in the
U.S. coming up. Frack spreads haven't really opened up, but feedstocks are coming up. But my sense is
in this kind of market environment, there's some ability to pass some of that through. As a company, we
have some planned and unplanned outages here in Q3. So we don't guide on earnings. But if I think about
Q3 versus Q2, we should have another very strong quarter in Q3. Remains to be seen if we can get to a
record level like we did in Q2, but certainly, very strong and well above prior records. I mean that's how
you should think about Q3.

And in Q4, we'll have some seasonality. But still from a historic perspective, Q4 will be well above historic
Q4 levels. So hope that helps you in thinking through second half earnings for us.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners.

Kevin William McCarthy
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Bob, I was wondering if you could update us on your outlook for the propylene chain and specifically
speak to polypropylene inventories. I think you mentioned a few times that you're seeing a substantial
order backlog for durable goods. It looks like PP producers ran pretty hard in the quarter. How do you see

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

inventories on that chain? And what implications do you see for polypropylene prices versus monomer as
we move forward through the back half of the year?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

All right. Thanks, Kevin. So I see continued strength. And I think as durables strengthen and especially
auto because that is one of the larger end uses for polypropylene, for us, inventories are still low, and
they're actually tighter on polypropylene than they are on polyethylene. We're kind of hand them out. And
we have the lightning strike at Lake Charles, which set us back about a week or 2. And so we're very tight
on polypropylene. And for the most part, we're managing to contract minimums with our customers.

As some of these bottlenecks relieve themselves for auto production, that's just going to make the market
tighter. And then appliances, those are big draws on polypropylene. So my outlook is that polypropylene is
going to be tight through the rest of the year. And by the way, the other benefit that we're waiting to see
is in our APS segment. With the auto sector being sluggish because of the chip shortage, we're not seeing
the full earnings power of APS just yet, and that's a very significant part of the APS segment, our service
at the automotive market.

So I think polypropylene is going to be very strong. I think propylene is going to be persistently high for
the foreseeable future.

Operator

Our next question comes from Frank Mitsch with Fermium Research.

Frank Joseph Mitsch
Fermium Research, LLC

Let me offer my condolences as well. Looking at the business, I was struck by the comment that your
August order book on polyethylene is the best that it's been in any other month of the year. I mean how
anomalous is that? And do you have people on 100% order allocation? I mean how are you dealing with
it? I mean as I think about your volumes, the second quarter polyethylene volumes were basically flat with
the first quarter. What are your thoughts on the third quarter polyethylene volumes? If you could dig into
that a little bit, that would be helpful.

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Sure, Frank. On the August order book comment, I think it's just an indication of us having more volume
to sell. We've been constrained all year. And as we try to inch our inventory back to more normal levels,
we can with confidence take on more orders, we're still constrained. So we're not selling polyethylene
unconstrained across the system. But there are some grades now where we have enough availability that
if a customer wants a product, we're able to do it.

But it's really grade by grade. In some areas, we're still at contract minimums. And so bottom line is Q3
U.S. polyolefins sales should be higher than Q2 as we produce more and sell more. And I hope that, that
trend continues.

Operator

Thank you. Our next question comes from Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets.

Arun Shankar Viswanathan
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Congrats on the results. I just wanted to get your thoughts a little bit more on ID&. It looks like your --
you had a pretty strong performance there. How would you kind of judge the acetyls chain as well as
propylene oxide over the next, say, 2 to 4 quarters? Yes.

Bhavesh V. Patel

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

CEO & Director

Sure, Arun. So on propylene oxide, demand, is extremely strong. Margins

[Audio Gap]

are very, very strong there. We could sell more if we had it, frankly. I expect that to continue, again,
coming back to my earlier comments, about furniture shortages. That plays right into PO, also automotive
because the seat cushions and all that come from urethanes. So we see a really good runway for
propylene oxide going into the second half of the year and into even next year. Frankly, if the rate demand
is growing, when our plant starts up, we have a decent chance at absorbing a good bit of it right away.
And I think it will come on when it's needed.

Likewise, in acetyls, continued strength from housing, and you see the paint market being very strong
because of home improvement and people buying new houses and refurbishing them and so on. So I
mean I don't see a let-up on either of those. Adding to that, Arun, our oxyfuels business has recovered
nicely as we see more mobility around the world. And still, Europe is largely in lockdown. And I think the
best profitability in oxyfuels is still in front of us. And I think that will help offset any moderation in the
O&P area as we see the fuels improving in Q3, Q4 and into next year.

Operator

Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.

Vincent Stephen Andrews
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Bob, wondering if you can give us an update on the molecular recycling initiative in the Italy plant.

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Sure, Vincent. It's coming along very well. We're about to commission a semi works plant here in
September. And we'll -- that will be the next stage of development of that technology. We continue to be
very encouraged by the results we've seen at the bench scale. And we'll know within a couple of months
what the bottlenecks are in that technology. And my hope is that in -- later in '22 and into '23, we're
prepared to make an investment decision on a medium-scale molecular recycling plant, which could be in
production in '25 plus or minus.

Operator

Our next question comes from Hassan Ahmed with Alembic Global.

Hassan Ijaz Ahmed
Alembic Global Advisors

Bob, wanted to revisit some of your comments about the I&D segment. I mean, obviously, similar to
most businesses, 2020 was a bit rough. But nice bump-up, back to, call it, a run rate of $600 million in
quarterly EBITDA. And historically, you've talked about the I&D segment being a pretty steady earner.
And as I sort of sit there and think about that and the steadiness of the earnings trajectory and some of
the commentary you made, from the sounds of it, it seems that maybe the earnings power on a quarterly
basis is maybe even north of $700 million steady-eddy basis. So call it almost $3 billion in steady-eddy
EBITDA annualized from that segment. Is that the right way to think about it?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Yes. Thank you, Hassan. Well, one thing that we didn't experience in the past was a complete shutdown
of global economy, and that caused more volatility in I&D because of the oxyfuels, typically, it's been very
stable. I think today, with the assets we have, you should still think about I&D as a $1.5 billion plus or

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

minus 15%. And then as we add the PO/TBA project, we should be able to be consistently above $2 billion
in I&D with upside when markets are strong like they are today.

So that's how you should think about earnings power, 1.5 maybe to 1.7 in that range, plus or minus. And
then after the PO/TBA project, mid-cycle consistently above $2 billion and in periods like this, well, well
above.

Operator

Our next question comes from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.

David L. Begleiter
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Bob, just on refinery, do you think it can still be breakeven in Q3 and maybe your comment about it being
potentially profitable in Q4. How are you thinking about that business in 2022?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Thanks, David. So on the refinery, I mean I think we need a reset in RINs, frankly. That would help a lot
to get to breakeven. And as mobility increases, I think we have a good shot of Q4 being in the black. It
all -- it really depends on how this variant plays out. If you think about our company, that most parts
of the company have shown very good resilience through the pandemic, in fact, strength in areas like
packaging. The refinery has been challenged not only from a demand standpoint, but the light heavy
differential narrowing. I think we can get to close to breakeven here in Q3. We need a RINs reset. And in
Q4, certainly, we should be in the black.

Operator

Our next question comes from John Roberts with UBS.

John Ezekiel E. Roberts
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Income from equity investments doubled sequentially from the first quarter. What's the EBITDA equivalent
of that $285 million in equity income? And maybe you could unpack for us a little bit the sequential
improvement between Sasol, Bora and [ POJs ]?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Well, there's a lot there, and I'll probably ask you to follow up with Dave afterwards on some of the
details. But let me just talk about a couple of the JV. So first of all, our Saudi JVs, remember that the
cracker is in ethane cracker. That's a big driver. And as oil price rises and as prices go up globally on
polyethylene, that JV tends to do very well. That's a big contributor to the increase in earnings from the
existing JVs.

And then the Sasol JV has done extremely well with the merchant ethylene that we sell from that and the
ethane to polyethylene cash margins being where they are today. Between operating cash flow and the
expected tax refund on that investment, we expect to recover or get back half of our investment in 2021.
So that's been a big driver. And then incrementally, all the other JVs have contributed to the improvement.
But I would say the Saudi JV and the Sasol JV were probably the largest contributor in the increase. And
the Sasol JV being brand new, that was not in our P&L for most of last year.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jaideep Pandya with On Field Research.

Jaideep Mukesh Pandya
On Field Investment Research LLP

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Just a question really around your volumes in Q2. What was sort of constraining you? Because if I look
at polyethylene, polypropylene, both in the U.S. and Europe, [indiscernible] sequentially your volume in
the quarter. And then just a little bit more longer-term question. When we think about your businesses,
which are your businesses which you think have sort of room to grow in spreads as well as volumes as the
economy reopens in 2022 and 2023 and people drive more, fly more, et cetera?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Sure. So Jaideep, first of all, on volume constraints in Q2. Remember, we still had some freeze impacts
early in Q2 here in the U.S. And then we had some unplanned downtime in the polymers. But sequentially,
we were able to build a bit of inventory and we had pretty good production.

So I think the headline, there's a lot underneath the details in which product lines were higher or lower.
My sense is that the fuels part of the business was still a bit weak in Q2, but the polymers and the PO was
very strong in production in Q2 and certainly up compared to Q1. Going forward, you asked about which
product lines have the most potential for spread and volume improvement. And definitely, it's in fuels. I do
think there's incremental potential in spread improvement in the polymers area globally. But where I think
we have the greatest opportunity for a step-up in volume and spread is in oxyfuels and in gasoline and
distillate here in the U.S. And we hope that will be very meaningful as we work through Q3 and certainly
into Q4.

Operator

Our next question comes from Matthew Blair with Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Company.

Matthew Robert Lovseth Blair
Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, LLC, Research Division

I'm sorry to hear about the accident. I had a question on the renewables side. So you have several
initiatives on the table. I think it's probably fair to say that Lyondell is one of the leaders in this area. But
at the same time, investors have a hard time gauging just how meaningful these projects might be for
such a large company. So could you help put that into perspective as you look at like QCP or MoReTec or
Circulen, what are you most excited about? And what has the potential to really move the needle for you?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Sure. Thank you, Matthew, and I appreciate your words of support. Yes. I mean I have these
conversations with investors often, and this is going to build momentum over the decade. First of all, recall
that our goal is to have about 2 million tons of recycled or renewable-based plastics by the end of the
decade, by 2030. We think that will probably represent about 15% of our production.

I mean think about our work on MoReTec as well as on Circulen, on QCP, mechanical recycling and the
Circulen brand, in particular, that's all part of our polyolefin franchise. And given our capabilities in
research and development, application development, we're leading in this area in circularity, and we'll
continue to.

It's just part of the polyolefin business is how I would think about it, not some separate significant step-up
in earnings, but it's part of making the polyolefin business work long term.

Operator

Our final question comes from [ Jonathan Rao ] with JPMorgan.

Unknown Analyst

Really appreciate the focus on deleveraging and the very good progress you've made there year-to-date.
And I guess as it relates to the $4 billion net debt reduction target that you've referenced, that is a net
target. I'm curious kind of how you think about paying down more debt versus just building cash on the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

balance sheet. And in the case of the former, possibly where within the debt capital structure you think
about targeting?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Yes. I'll ask Michael to respond to that question.

Michael C. McMurray
Executive VP, CFO & Principal Accounting Officer

No, sure. Great. So great question. Maybe just a couple of points. What I would say is that our overall
maturity profile is in great shape especially after all the actions that we took in 2020. Actually, our
weighted average maturity is about 16 years as we sit here today, and we don't have any significant near-
term maturities.

On a year-to-date basis, we've taken out $1.8 billion. That was done through our term loan and some of
our 2023s. We have the ability to further deleverage in the second half of the year with the $650 million of
callable notes that we have as well. So that's obviously something that is in a prime focus. And then lastly,
we typically have a bit of commercial paper that's outstanding that we can use to delever. And then we're
contemplating potentially doing a tender as well again in the second half of the year.

And then just from a targeting point of view, kind of through the cycle, our total debt-to-EBITDA target is
about 1.5x to 2.5x. And so quite frankly, as we're progressing through this year, we're in great shape from
that perspective as well as evidenced by the upgrade that we received a week ago from S&P.

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Great. Thank you, Michael. And Jonathan, let's see how the year progresses. When we get this $4 billion
put away, let's continue the dialogue on capital allocation. I think we've proven over the years that we've
been very disciplined in this area and you should continue to expect that from us.

Operator

Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session, and I will
now turn the call over to Bob Patel for closing remarks.

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

All right. Thank you, Alex. In Q2 2021, LyondellBasell has demonstrated its turbocharged earnings power
in a very strong market environment and a larger company. Going forward, we expect demand to remain
strong, as I've mentioned throughout this call, with reopening still ahead of us in many parts of the world,
backlogs in many product areas that have to be relieved, inventory restocking and increased mobility, we,
at LyondellBasell, are really well positioned to significantly strengthen our investment-grade balance sheet,
pay down debt and to capitalize on a stronger-for-longer market environment.

The main point that I hope investors got out of the call today is that we've -- whether where -- we can
debate about where we are in the cycle, LyondellBasell have increased our earnings power through the
cycle by more than $1 billion to date compared to 2017. And after our PO/TBA project is online, we'll
add another $500 million of EBITDA in earnings power. All of that should provide for very robust cash
flow, which we will deploy in a very disciplined way to the benefit of our shareholders. Thank you for your
interest, and hope you all have a great weekend.

Operator
Thank you all for participating in today's conference. You may disconnect your lines and enjoy the rest of
your day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

