Marriott International, Inc. 

NasdaqGS:MAR
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, February 27, 2020 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.47

1.57

6.80

1.43

5.90

6.00

1.69

6.46

5517.59

5371.00

(2.66 %)

5169.23

21137.04

20972.00

(0.78 %)

21834.77

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-27-2020 12:02 PM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

1.34

1.56

1.50

1.41

1.56

1.47

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5.22 %

0.00 %

(2.00 %)

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

FQ4 2019

1.47

1.57

6.80 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

 
MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Arne M. Sorenson
President, CEO & Director

Kathleen Kelly Oberg
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Anthony Franklin Powell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Shaun Clisby Kelley
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Arpine Kocharyan
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Smedes Rose
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Charles Patrick Scholes
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey,
Inc., Research Division

Stuart John Gordon
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG,
Research Division

David Brian Katz
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Vince Charles Ciepiel
Cleveland Research Company

Harry Croyle Curtis
Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.,
Research Division

Wesley Keith Golladay
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Jared H. Shojaian
Wolfe Research, LLC

William Andrew Crow
Raymond James & Associates, Inc.,
Research Division

Joseph Richard Greff
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Kevin Campbell Kopelman
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Michael Joseph Bellisario
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Marriott International's Fourth
Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference
is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker
today, Arne Sorenson. Thank you. And please go ahead.

Arne M. Sorenson
President, CEO & Director

Welcome to our fourth quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Joining me today ar3e Leeny Oberg,
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Jackie Burka McConagha, our senior -- new Senior
Vice President, Investor Relations; and Betsy Dahm, Vice President, Investor Relations.

Let me remind everyone that many of our comments today are not historical facts and are considered
forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are subject to numerous risks
and uncertainties as described in our SEC filings, which could cause future results to differ materially from
those expressed in or implied by our comments. Forward-looking statements in the press release that
we issued yesterday, along with our comments today, are effective only today and will not be updated as
actual events unfold.

In our discussion today, we will talk about 2019 results, excluding merger-related costs and reimbursed
revenues and related expenses. GAAP results appear on pages A-1 and A-2 of the earnings release, but
our remarks today will largely refer to the adjusted results that appear on the non-GAAP reconciliation
pages. Of course, you can find our earnings release and reconciliations of all non-GAAP financial measures
referred to in our remarks on our investor relations website.

As we begin our call this morning, it is obvious that the question you are most interested in is the impact
of the coronavirus or COVID-19 on our business around the world. In the 6 weeks or so that we have been
intensely watching this crisis, we have learned much, but there's still a great deal we do not know. In our
press release and in our comments this morning, we will give you some yardsticks to help measure what
the impact to our P&L might be. While this is still guess work to some extent, we know one thing with
confidence. This will pass. And when it does, the impact to our business will quickly fade.

So let's talk about our results. We are pleased with our solid performance in 2019, finishing the year on
a high note. In the fourth quarter, we continued to add to our RevPAR index gains, increased hotel profit
margins, recycled a meaningful amount of capital and signed a significant number of new hotel deals. We
grew our system to more than 7,300 properties and expanded our global rooms pipeline to a record of
more than 0.5 million rooms, nearly 1.4 million rooms in 134 countries and territories. We offer unrivaled
choices for our customers.

In 2019, our development team signed 815 hotel agreements for a record 136,000 rooms with each of our
international regions setting records in organic signings. Over 220,000 of the rooms in our 515,000-room
pipeline are already under construction. Using 2019's pace of openings, our under-construction pipeline
represents nearly 3 years of gross rooms growth, while our total pipeline represents well over 6 years of
implied rooms growth. At year-end, 7% of global industry rooms flew one of our flags, while our share of
STR's worldwide under-construction pipeline led the industry at 19%.

To be sure, our signings were impressive, but we are not just focused on adding units. We are focused
on adding valuable hotels that drive higher fees per room and enhance our brands. Luxury and upper
upscale rooms comprise over half of our distribution globally, which is one reason our fees per room lead
the industry. During 2019, we expanded this lead by signing a record 45,000 rooms in these tiers. At year-
end, the number of our global luxury and upper upscale rooms under construction totaled more than the
next 3 competitors combined, according to STR.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Other milestone achievements in 2019 included multiple launches from our new loyalty program, Marriott
Bonvoy; to our new home rental program, Homes & Villas by Marriott International; to our all-inclusive
platform, which was augmented by our recent acquisition of the Elegant Hotels Group in Barbados. These
expanded offerings and program enhancements provide meaningful value to our owners and guests, help
to drive loyalty engagement and provide additional ways for members to earn and redeem points.

Homes & Villas provides the opportunity for our guests to stay at 7,500 premium and luxury rental homes
in 200 locations around the world. In the all-inclusive segment, our guests can currently choose from 10
resorts with 7 more projects in the pipeline.

In the fourth quarter, we launched our Eat Around Town offering, where Marriott Bonvoy members can
earn points by dining at more than 11,000 restaurants in the U.S. We also introduced peak, off-peak
redemption awards, providing members with better value when they redeem points on lower demand
nights. In addition to benefiting guests, the new award schedule helps owners fill more rooms by shifting
demand from stronger periods to slower ones. Finally, we are piloting a program in select international
markets that lets local members earn and redeem points dining at our hotel restaurants. The response
from our members has been extremely positive.

Collectively, these efforts, coupled with the strength of our brands and our broad distribution, drove
Marriott Bonvoy membership to over 141 million members at the end of January. This powerful platform
remains a key competitive advantage. And in 2019, paid room revenues from loyalty members increased
11%. Redemptions were also meaningfully higher as our Bonvoy travelers enjoyed the wide range of
choices offered by the program.

Member share of occupied rooms topped 52% worldwide in 2019, up 250 basis points versus 2018 and
reached 58% in North America, up 320 basis points year-over-year. We also continue to see solid growth
from our co-branded credit cards with sign-ups 12% higher year-over-year.

With an improved yield management approach and an increase in Bonvoy members, more of our guests
booked direct in 2019. Worldwide direct bookings, including group sales, rooms booked by our reservation
centers and bookings made on our digital platforms represented approximately 3/4 of total room nights
booked during the year. Direct digital bookings alone represented 1/3 of room nights.

Mobile bookings, a component of direct digital bookings, were up a strong 64% over the year. At the same
time, the percentage of nights booked through OTAs declined year-over-year. Guests' intent to recommend
and staff service scores increased during 2019, thanks to the efforts of our outstanding associates.

We also saw impressive revenue share gains across our portfolio. Overall, our global RevPAR index
accelerated throughout the year, rising 240 basis points in the fourth quarter. For the full year 2019, our
global RevPAR index improved an impressive 200 basis points. Each of our continents saw growth in index
with meaningful gains from both legacy Marriott and legacy Starwood portfolios globally.

It is worth mentioning that we are particularly pleased with the progress we are making with the Sheraton
brand. Over the last 3 years, approximately 50% of Sheraton hotels worldwide have undergone, are
undergoing or have committed to undergo renovation. We sold the Sheraton Phoenix Downtown last
month after purchasing it just 18 months earlier, and we signed a valuable long-term management
agreement. We are confident that the Sheraton Phoenix Downtown will serve as a showcase to encourage
renovations at additional Sheraton hotels.

Before we discuss our 2020 outlook, let me talk a bit more about the coronavirus situation. Clearly, this is
a major humanitarian crisis, and our thoughts are with the many people impacted. As the virus emerged
in Wuhan earlier this year, our teams assisted guests and provided support for associates whose lives have
been significantly disrupted. I couldn't be prouder of our associates in the Asia Pacific region who have
worked tirelessly.

We continue to waive cancellation fees for hotel stays through March 15 for guests with reservations at
our hotels in Greater China and for guests from Greater China with reservations at Marriott destinations
globally. We began to see the impact of the coronavirus on our business in mid-January with occupancy
declines gradually spreading from Wuhan to other markets in the Asia Pacific region. In February, RevPAR

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

at our hotels in Greater China declined almost 90% versus the same period last year. At the end of 2019,
we had 375 properties with roughly 122,000 rooms across Greater China, representing 9% of our total
global rooms. Around 90 of these properties are currently closed.

In the Asia Pacific region, outside Greater China, what we call APAC, February RevPAR declined
roughly 25% year-over-year. For APAC, we had 412 properties with 100,000 rooms at year-end 2019,
representing 7% of our total worldwide rooms. February RevPAR in the Asia Pacific region overall has been
running down around 50% compared to February of last year.

Outbound travelers from China in 2019 made up less than 1% of room nights in our system outside of
Asia Pacific, and around 0.5% of room nights in North America. To date, apart from a handful of citywide
event cancellations, we have not seen a significant impact on overall demand outside of the Asia Pacific
region, though the situation, obviously, remains fluid.

Given the uncertainty surrounding the length and severity of the coronavirus situation, we cannot fully
estimate the financial impact to our business at this time. So in our press release and our remarks today,
we are providing a base case first quarter and full year 2020 outlook that do not reflect any impact from
the outbreak. This base case reflects the 2020 outlook our teams had prepared as part of the company's
budget process based on the pre-coronavirus environment, including hotel-by-hotel forecasts, group
booking trends and expected supply growth. Leeny will frame how first quarter results could be impacted
by the coronavirus based on current trends.

Now let's start with our base case RevPAR outlook for 2020 not impacted by coronavirus. On a global
constant currency basis, we estimate global system-wide RevPAR in 2020 will increase 1% to 2% in the
first quarter and will be flat to up 2% for the full year. In North America, recent estimates for U.S. GDP
growth point to a modestly slower pace of economic growth in 2020 with lodging demand forecasted to
increase around 2%. Industry supply growth is expected to also remain around 2% with upscale supply
expected to grow 4%. We expect leisure demand will continue to outpace business transient demand as
there has yet to be a step-up in business investment levels. Overall, this implies a continuation of low
RevPAR growth in the U.S.

Our group sales organization in North America had a great fourth quarter in 2019 with bookings for all
future periods up 5.5%. With this strength, our group revenue on the books in North America for 2020
is up at a mid-single-digit rate. We have completed roughly 80% of our corporate rate negotiations. And
while we can't predict corporate volumes, completed negotiated room rates are running up 1% to 2% for
comparable accounts.

Our first quarter is off to a strong start with the benefit of easy comps in markets like Washington, D.C.
and Hawaii as well as continuing RevPAR index gains. We expect base case North America RevPAR will
increase 1% to 2% for the first quarter. For the full year, we expect it to be around the midpoint of the
global range of flat to up 2%.

For the Asia Pacific region, we assume base case RevPAR growth 2% to 4% for 2020 with weak results in
Hong Kong expected to continue for the first half of the year before lapping easier comps in the back half.
Again, this does not include any impact from the virus outbreak.

Base case RevPAR in Europe could grow 2% -- 2% to 4%, excuse me, for the year driven again by strong
demand from U.S. travelers and strength in Eastern European markets. For the Middle East and Africa
region, we assume base case RevPAR could grow at a low single-digit rate in 2020. We believe the region
will benefit from higher RevPAR in Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Africa, somewhat offset by lower RevPAR in the
UAE. Continued new lodging supply in Dubai will likely challenge 2020 RevPAR growth in the UAE despite
the Expo 2020 event that begins in the fourth quarter.

In the Caribbean and Latin America region, base case RevPAR could grow at a low single-digit rate for
2020, reflecting more modest economic growth and political uncertainty in some markets. For 2020, we
assume 5% to 5.25% net rooms growth, including deletions in the 1% to 1.5% range. Preconstruction and
construction delays persist around the world. Again, our rooms growth assumption does not include any
impact from the coronavirus situation.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Before I turn the call over to Leeny, I want to thank all our global associates for their continued hard work,
especially those in the Asia Pacific region who have shown such empathy and skill, managing through this
challenging time. Our culture is distinctive and it is a real competitive advantage. And I feel very fortunate
to work with such purpose-driven and caring individuals.

On a personal note, I had surgery in November and the doctors were pleased with how it went. As part
of my treatment plan, I am undergoing a few months of post-surgery chemotherapy. And while I am now
fashionably bald, I feel really good. I'm grateful I've been able to work throughout, and I want to thank all
of you for your good wishes and support throughout this battle.

And now Leeny will walk through our financials in more detail. Leeny?

Kathleen Kelly Oberg
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Arne. Our fourth quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share grew 9% to $1.57, which was
$0.11 ahead of the midpoint of our guidance of $1.44 to $1.47. We picked up $0.03 of outperformance
from fees, primarily due to better-than-expected incentive management fees in North America and $0.06
from a lower-than-expected tax rate due to higher windfall tax impact and other discrete items. We also
benefited from gains on the sale of 2 hotels in North America, which totaled $0.32. These favorable items
were partially offset by $0.26 from 2 asset impairments, $0.03 of greater-than-expected general and
administrative expenses related to legal costs, bad debt and unfavorable foreign exchange and $0.01 from
lower joint venture earnings.

Fourth quarter 2019 system-wide comparable global RevPAR rose 1.1% in constant dollars year-over-year.
North American RevPAR in the quarter increased nearly 1% with RevPAR among our full-service brands up
2.4%. Leisure markets like Hawaii and Orlando showed notable strength.

Our RevPAR in the Asia Pacific region increased 0.3% in the fourth quarter. RevPAR in Hong Kong declined
54% due to continued protests, while RevPAR in Mainland China increased 2.4%. Excluding Hong Kong,
RevPAR for the Asia Pacific region rose 3.5%, with strength in Singapore and India.

Our RevPAR in Europe rose 2.8% in the fourth quarter, benefiting from continued significant U.S. demand
and robust loyalty program activity. Eastern Europe was particularly strong due to increases in both rate
and occ, while in Southern Europe, Italy, Spain and Portugal also saw healthy RevPAR increases.

Fourth quarter RevPAR in the Middle East and Africa region increased 2.8%, with strong growth in Riyadh
and Mecca in Saudi Arabia. Qatar also posted solid results despite the continued political tensions in the
region. RevPAR in the Caribbean and Latin America region rose 0.5% in the fourth quarter with strength in
the Caribbean and Mexico partially offset by declines in Chile and Panama.

Our fourth quarter gross fee revenue increased 7% versus last year to $974 million due to room additions,
higher REVPAR, improved net house profits at managed hotels in North America and Europe and continued
strong growth in other franchise fees.

Depreciation, amortization and other expense increased to $179 million in the quarter. We recognized
a $15 million impairment charge associated with the sale of a North American hotel and a $99 million
impairment charge related to a leased hotel in North America. Our fourth quarter adjusted tax rate of 21%
was higher than the prior year, largely due to favorable discrete items in the year-ago quarter. For full year
2019, our gross fees grew 5% and our adjusted EBITDA increased 3%. Excluding asset impairments and
gains in 2018 and 2019, adjusted EPS grew 6% year-over-year to $5.92.

During the year, we returned $2.9 billion to shareholders, including $2.3 billion from share repurchases,
thanks to successful asset recycling, strong cash flow generation and a reduction in cash balances. Our
loyalty program had net cash outflows in 2019. This was primarily due to the marketing spend related to
Bonvoy's launch in the first quarter and significantly higher redemptions as members explored the many
new locations and experiences offered by the integrated and enhanced program. We expect the Bonvoy
program to continue to be a net user of cash in 2020 although meaningfully improved from 2019 levels.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

We received proceeds from recycled assets of $470 million during 2019, including proceeds of roughly
$310 million from the sale of the St. Regis New York and $100 million from the sale of the Sheraton
Gateway hotel in Toronto.

Now let's talk more about our base case outlook for 2020. As you know, it does not include any impact
from coronavirus, merger-related costs and charges, cost of reimbursed revenue or reimbursed expenses
and it assumes no additional asset sales.

For full year 2020, given our assumptions for global RevPAR, our base case outlook shows gross fee
revenue could increase 4% to 6% to reach $3.96 billion to $4.04 billion. Growth should be driven primarily
by room additions and other franchise fees, particularly offset -- partially offset by headwinds from
renovations, property terminations and roughly $10 million of unfavorable foreign exchange. Other
franchise fees, which include credit card branding fees, hotel application and relicensing fees, time-share
licensing fees and residential branding fees, are expected to grow roughly 10% to $630 million to $640
million.

We also expect that incentive fees will decline slightly given continued pressure on house profit margins.
We assumed owned, leased and other revenue net of direct expenses will total $295 million to $305
million in 2020, flat to up low single digits. These results include slightly lower termination fees offset by a
similar amount of favorable year-over-year impact from bought and sold hotels.

We assume general and administrative expenses will total $950 million to $960 million in 2020, up 1% to
2% versus 2019. And we expect a 2020 effective tax rate of 23.3%. We assume 2020 adjusted EBITDA
will total roughly $3.7 billion to $3.8 billion or 3% to 6% over 2019 levels. On the bottom line, we assume
2020 diluted EPS will be $6.30 to $6.53, up 6% to 10% versus $5.92, 2019's adjusted diluted EPS,
excluding the impact of asset sale gains and impairments.

For first quarter 2020, our base case forecast assumes global RevPAR growth of 1% to 2% and a 5% to
6% increase in gross fee revenues to reach $940 million to $950 million. Our tax rate in the first quarter
is expected to be roughly 21%, 4 percentage points higher than a year ago as a result of higher windfall
benefit and discrete items in the prior year quarter. This translates to 5% to 7% growth in diluted earnings
per share to $1.47 to $1.50 and 4% to 6% growth in adjusted EBITDA.

We remain disciplined in our approach to capital allocation. Using the base case assumptions, 2020
investment spending could total $700 million to $800 million. This includes around $200 million of
maintenance investment spending, roughly $200 million of system investments that will largely be
reimbursed by owners over time and $300 million to support new unit growth. We expect roughly 3/4 of
this new unit investment will be associated with luxury and upper upscale properties.

These projects typically provide higher fees per room and attractive 20-plus year agreements. Projects
where we invest our own capital are expected to generate a substantially higher value per key over the life
of the contract on average compared to full-service deals with no Marriott capital.

Under our base case and assuming this level of investment, we would expect to return more than $2.4
billion of cash to shareholders through share repurchase and dividends for the full year 2020, assuming no
impact from the coronavirus and no additional asset sales. Note that this outlook assumes roughly $200
million higher cash tax payments than in 2019, primarily due to timing.

We remain committed to our strong investment-grade credit rating. We ended the year within our 3.0 to
3.5x debt-to-EBITDAR target range, and our base case model assumes we will remain within this target
range. We will continue to evaluate the impact of the coronavirus situation on the company's cash flow
and debt levels and manage leverage within our targeted range.

Turning back to the coronavirus situation. Arne noted our distribution in the Asia Pacific region. From a
financial perspective, 2019 gross fees earned in the Asia Pacific region totaled $477 million, representing
12% of our global gross fee revenue. Greater China generated about half of the fees in Asia Pacific,
representing roughly 6% of both global fees and total adjusted EBITDA.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Our base case model assumes Asia Pacific and fees in 2020 will total roughly $500 million to $510 million,
with Greater China fees again constituting about half of that amount. Assuming the current low occupancy
and RevPAR levels in the Asia Pacific region continue, we estimate the region will earn roughly $25 million
less in fees and EBITDA per month as compared to our 2020 base case.

This means that for the first quarter, given our results in Asia Pacific to date and assuming the same low
levels of RevPAR in March as we've seen in February and no meaningful impact outside of Asia Pacific,
total gross fees and total adjusted EBITDA in the first quarter could be roughly $60 million below our base
case and diluted EPS could be roughly $0.14 per share below our base case.

The analysis we are providing today has the benefit of actual results through the first 2 months of the
quarter. There's still a great deal we do not know, including the length and global scope of the virus and
the impact of potential supply chain disruptions on the global economy. As already noted, despite these
unknowns, the virus will run its course. And when it does, its impact will not be long-lasting.

We entered 2020 with tremendous competitive momentum in RevPAR, unit growth and brand strength and
with an industry-leading loyalty program. This momentum will carry us through this crisis and beyond.
We'll now open the line for questions. [Operator Instructions]

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.

Shaun Clisby Kelley
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Thank you for all the commentary in some of the sensitivities. I know this is a really kind of fluid dynamic,
and I think we're all trying to get a hold of it for the global travel landscape.

So with that in mind, Leeny, as you think about some of the sensitivities you gave in the last section
of your prepared remarks, are we really -- for that $25 million, are we really just extrapolating current
trend line for, let's call it, Mainland China and Asia Pacific? Or have we also accounted for the fact that
this is spreading into, where we know so far, South Korea, Japan? Appreciate that Western Europe is not
probably part of that sensitivity.

But is there any -- so the question is, one, does it include broader APAC getting worse? And then second,
any sensitivities you could provide for us as we start to branch out into Western Europe, which we now
know is an issue and then as we move kind of towards the U.S., which seems increasingly likely?

Kathleen Kelly Oberg
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Shaun. Sure. Let me start. So the sensitivity we've given you is based on where we are in
February, which is, as Arne described, is Asia Pacific RevPAR being down about 50%. But obviously, that
is massively skewed by Greater China being down 90% while the rest of Asia Pacific is down meaningfully
less. So that is based on an assumption that they stay roughly the same and that we continue to have no
meaningful impact outside of Asia Pacific.

As you pointed out in your comment and your question, this is extremely fluid situation. We are actually
now reopening hotels in China every day. But at the same time, how this exactly spreads to other
continents remains to be seen.

Just in terms of the other continents, I think you're familiar with our basic layout of fees, which is that
again, broadly speaking, you know that North America is roughly 2/3; Greater China, Asia Pacific, we
described as being roughly 16%; CALA, 4%; Europe, 9%; and EMEA at 4%. So all of these line up
relatively well with our fee distribution as you look throughout the world.

The only other thing I'll mention, Shaun, is just to remember that from an IMF perspective, that Asia
Pacific accounts for roughly 1/3 of our incentive management fees. North America accounts for another
1/3 and the rest of international accounts for about 1/3. So all of that fits into the equation that we gave
you of the $25 million per month from Asia Pacific.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.

Arpine Kocharyan
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

This is Arpine for Robin. It sounds like unit growth of around 5% doesn't include any virus impact. And you
mentioned in your release that if the situation were to get worse, there will be impact to unit growth. Is
there any impact currently that's not included that you quantify? And I know this could be challenging, but
maybe you could provide some sensitivity similar to how you quantify fee impact in terms of unit growth.

Arne M. Sorenson
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

It's -- I think it's too -- first, good morning. It is too early to give you a numeric sensitivity to openings. I
think obviously, you've got, in Asia Pacific particularly, a very intense situation. We did open about 1,000
rooms in January in China. But in a sense, that's sort of before or at the very front end of this coronavirus.

I think if you look at the next few months, while we've got about 90 hotels closed and RevPAR down
nearly 90% in the market, there's not much urgency to get a hotel open even if it's ready. That if it's
ready, though, it will open before the end of the year. And so the impact on full year numbers may be
nothing, but it wouldn't be surprising to see some of this get delayed.

I think in the rest of the world, it's much harder to assess. We have talked to our design and construction
folks. We've talked to a number of our partners. And I think, generally, it is decorative furnishings and
some furniture and maybe some fabrics that are most likely to be sourced from China. We think that the
openings that were sort of planned for the first part of 2020 are more likely to have had all those supplies
either in possession or en route to them and so could well not be impacted.

But I think we and many other industries, of course, are looking at the longer-term supply impact will be
to the supplies that we need. Obviously, in this context, it's more about hotels opening than the operating
supplies. But I think that there -- it wouldn't be at all surprising to us to see some further extension of the
construction schedule in certainly -- as long as this virus situation lasts.

Kathleen Kelly Oberg
Executive VP & CFO

The only thing I'll add is to remember that new hotels opened throughout the year, and they're all ramping
up starting from 0. So their fee contribution in year 1 is extremely small relative to overall fees. Now
obviously, year 2 is more important. But the year 1 impact, frankly, from a bit lower openings, is not
meaningful.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Instinet.

Harry Croyle Curtis
Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division

There are so many questions. So many unknowable question -- or answers to questions. So I -- maybe
I'll focus on something that's a little bit more tangible, which would be the increase in your termination
fees and your comments related to the renovations to the Sheraton brand. Are the -- the increase in
termination fees, were those more tied to the Sheraton brand or is it a mix of brands? And do you see the
-- what's the pipeline look like for kind of the legacy brands into 2021?

Kathleen Kelly Oberg
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Harry, we'll cover those. So first of all, let's talk about termination fees. Overall, termination fees in
2019 were meaningfully lower than they were in 2018, and we actually expect termination fees in 2020 to
be even lower still. So the ones in Q4, really, a question about timing and which hotels close and they can
have a varying amount associated with them.

The other point I would mention, if you remember, last year, we had deleted rooms that started to get
closer to 2%, while this year, we are squarely at 1% in terminations, which is on the lower end of our
1% to 1.5% guidance that we've given. So I think from that standpoint, I think we feel good about the
progression of how it's going with our portfolio.

I think in terms of the pipeline that we see, both in terms of legacy brands and in terms of the Starwood
portfolio brands, I think, as we've described in Q4, we really kind of topped out a spectacular year in
terms of new deal signings. And they were happily very well distributed across all of our brands with some
notable growth in some of the Starwood legacy brands.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Your next question comes from the line of Joe Greff with JPMorgan.

Joseph Richard Greff
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

You touched on this in the press release and your earlier comments, Arne, about the solid RevPAR index
growth both in the fourth quarter and for the full year. Can you talk about how the Starwood legacy
properties in North America performed, how much of the index fees would you attribute to those assets?

And then when you think about the performance in RevPAR growth this year, obviously, Greater China
coronavirus neutral, how do you look at the Starwood legacy properties performing versus the Marriott
legacy properties?

Arne M. Sorenson
President, CEO & Director

Yes. The -- it's obviously a big world. But as we mentioned in the comments, both legacy Marriott and
legacy Starwood portfolios have been really performing extraordinarily well on index, both in Q4 and full
year 2019 and as we start 2020 and both really hundreds of basis points.

The -- in Q4, there were some easy comparisons. Obviously, we had a strike last year in the United
States, which impacted San Francisco and Hawaii probably most. They had probably a bit more impact
on the legacy Starwood portfolio than on the legacy Marriott portfolio. But even there, the RevPAR index
performance in Q4 of last year was down a bit -- was down meaningfully less than it was up this year in
Q4. So whether you look at strikes or you look at a little bit of integration noise in Q4 of 2018, we not only
made up that ground but we lapped it.

There are other sort of spectacular numbers. You can see from our Q4, China RevPAR numbers, excluding
Hong Kong at plus 2.5%. I think the China team saw a RevPAR index growth for the 2 portfolios of plus
600 to 700 basis points. And that is -- it's all cylinders moving. It's the loyalty program, it is the digital
platforms and the way they're performing, it is the sales team. There's good news sort of across the
portfolio, and it is very much shared by both the Marriott and the Starwood portfolios.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Jared Shojaian with Wolfe Research.

Jared H. Shojaian
Wolfe Research, LLC

So maybe a question for Leeny. If I look back at your operating cash prior to 2019, you were run rating
about $2.4 billion before some of these cash headwinds that you've called out, particularly on the Bonvoy
redemptions but also with the cash taxes.

So can you help me think about what you're expecting for 2020? And does 2021 get back to sort of that
prior run rate level that you can grow from. And obviously, I realize that a lot of that depends on how long
this coronavirus impact lasts. But I guess what I'm ultimately getting at is, were there any benefits to
pre-2019 cash flow that you just don't expect to see anymore?

Kathleen Kelly Oberg
Executive VP & CFO

So yes. So a couple of things that I pointed out. One is that we definitely had a bit of a benefit on the cash
tax side in '19 that we will then pay for in 2020, relative, for example, on the cash taxes that we're paying
on our asset sales. So that is a bit of timing that will even out, obviously, over time.

On the loyalty side, I think that is the one that is worth spending a little time talking about. And there,
I think you definitely saw that in 2018, we saw the loyalty program behave more in its more historical
pattern of being a cash -- net cash positive part of our story. And this year, it moved to being several
hundred million of a net cash user.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

And that, you really need to think of within the context of the introduction of Bonvoy. I think there was
some pent-up demand relative to our customers being excited about being able to explore all of our
properties and use their points at a much more expanded portfolio. We also had the introduction of
Bonvoy, which moves some timing of marketing expenses from 2018 to 2019.

And you put that together, and I think in the first year of the program, you definitely saw a fairly unusual
pattern for the program. We are quite confident that, that will smooth out over time and return to its more
normal patterns. We do think it will still be a user in 2020 but much less of a cash user.

And things that we've talked about, like the introduction of peak, off-peak, which manages the demand a
little bit better in terms of the points that it costs at the different properties, both in low and high-demand
times, all of that will work towards getting this program to where I think it behaves more like it has in the
past.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Scholes with SunTrust.

Charles Patrick Scholes
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

Are you seeing any discernible uptick in cancellation activity outside of the Asia Pacific regions, at areas,
say, like airport hotels or in general?

Arne M. Sorenson
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Let's -- obviously, the weekend news around coronavirus was not good. You had South Korea and
Italy both and the Iran story as well a little bit. Obviously, we don't have any in Iran, and so there's no
measurable impact there. But we're just days into it. So we are essentially every day getting the team
together by phone and getting data where we look at performance across these markets. And we're
listening to our customers, obviously, talk about it.

And let me give you a few anecdotes. Maybe start with Asia Pacific, even though your question focuses on
the rest of the world. I'll talk about the rest of the world in a second. China itself, Leeny mentioned about
90 hotels closed, we have RevPAR down about 90%. I think the last full week number I had was minus
87% year-over-year, so not quite as bad as minus 90%.

The Chinese government is trying to ramp at least some things back up. So we can see, for example, in
Macau, we probably got down to 1% to 2% occupancy. We may now be at 7% to 8% occupancy. Now
that's still down massively year-over-year. I think it's too soon to put much stock in this effort to reopen
China because it's early, and you still have schools closed, and we don't really know exactly how this is
going to come back. But there is at least some hope, I suppose, that we've bottomed in China and maybe
things will get a little bit better.

You move around the rest of Asia Pacific and you see some things that you would expect. So Singapore,
down about 50% RevPAR year-over-year. That's a, again, a recent week number. That's not a full year
February number. By contrast, India, up 5%. That was before President Trump's visit, so that's not driven
by his visit but is driven by the fact that India is really not much dependent on China travel and has got a
different GDP story than one which is dependent on the China story.

Obviously, when you look at South Korea and Italy, we will see both cancellations and we will see declining
RevPAR in those markets. Still too early to tell. I know that some of the Italian cities, we've probably lost
a few tens of points of occupancy in the first days. But that's not the country as a whole, and it's far too
soon to come up with sort of predictions for that, if you will.

I think when all is said and done, we would have to characterize our $25 million a month. Run rate as
being probably a bit light because we're going to see some impact in Europe. We're going to see some
impact in other markets around the world, which is probably not entirely dependent on China travel. And
our $25 million is basically a China travel story and an APAC story.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

But I think even though that we would expect this will be messy for the next few weeks, if not maybe the
next few months, we'd go back to what we've said before, and that is that this will end. It's clear that it
will end. We can't tell you when it will end. But when people start to get confidence that they don't need to
be worried about picking this up if they're thinking about going to Seoul, for example, that travel will come
back, and it will probably come back fairly quickly.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Smedes Rose from Citi.

Smedes Rose
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

I wanted to -- just wanted to ask you, you broke out, so your CapEx line item is about $300 million
towards new unit growth. How does that compare to '19? And just are you just seeing more opportunities
that you want to go after? Or is that landscape becoming more competitive? Or maybe just a little more
color around that expenditure.

Kathleen Kelly Oberg
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So generally, I'd say, similar, maybe a tad higher relative to '19. But again, it ties, as I said before,
to the reality that these are generally on fantastic, full service and luxury projects that are well worth the
investment. And I think it ties to our success in signing new deals in these hotels around the world where
the owners want our brands and generally, the market is competitive for capital for those projects. But
when we look at the value that we get on these hotels, we expect it to be meaningfully higher than the
ones that require no capital. So again, a little bit higher but not meaningfully.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Powell with Barclays.

Anthony Franklin Powell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Just a couple of questions on the loyalty program. Question on the loyalty program. You mentioned the
positive impact of the redemption activity in the quarter. How did points earnings trend in the quarter?
And are you happy with the level of activity around earning points in the system? And given the positive
impact of redemptions, does it make sense to run the loyalty program over more of a cash-neutral position
over time rather than cash-positive position over time?

Arne M. Sorenson
President, CEO & Director

The -- a bunch of questions there. I mean I think we talked about our penetration, too, which is both paid
and redeemed nights as a percentage of total nights in the hotels, and we are seeing those penetration
numbers move meaningfully up. And to state the obvious, that means the program is growing enough
to deal with the roughly 5% unit growth plus drive increased penetration in comp hotels, and we're very
pleased with that. So we're seeing both paid up about 10% or so and redeemed up significantly, too, and
that's all gratifying for us.

I think -- well, it's a little harder to get share of wallet data because we guess on that a little bit. We're
obviously -- we don't have internally the kinds of tools we need to measure share of wallet. We're quite
convinced we are increasing share of wallet on -- from the loyalty program and from our loyalty members.

I think longer term, and Leeny's talked about both cash flow impacts in 2019 and in 2020, there's
absolutely no reason that the loyalty program won't get back to being a positive cash flow generator for
us on an annual basis. That is, obviously, driven significantly by the fact that we continue to grow the
program, and we continue to grow our portfolio of hotels. And so as you do that, we will tend to issue
more points for paid stays than are redeemed. And we will continue to see, as we've done in the past,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

that there are more and more revenues coming into this program, which are coming in from credit card
partners or restaurant partners or other partners besides just the hotels that are participating in the
program.

So this is -- obviously, to be cash flow negative in the loyalty program in 2019 is unusual in a sense. We'd
love to wave a wand and have it be something different. But it is actually quite logical given the launch of
the program, both to market it, the new name and to get this massive group of customers to experiment
with it. And we are much more pleased than we are disappointed because it shows the engagement of our
loyalty members with the program and with us.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Bill Crow with Raymond James.

William Andrew Crow
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

You kind of classified the areas outside of China as not materially impacted. I saw in the STR data
yesterday that occupancy was down 100 basis points or more kind of everywhere, different segments
and everything else. I'm wondering if that's kind of the start of the impact that we should expect to see.
What are you seeing as far as real-time inbound international travel from areas outside of China and
cancellations when you think about maybe the gateway markets?

Arne M. Sorenson
President, CEO & Director

I think the fair response, Bill, is we're asking the same question you're asking. And what we get back at
the moment is very much anecdotal, doesn't really show up in our data yet. We obviously get our weekly
flashes, and we get a daily look if we want to dig in and get a daily look.

And by and large, you look at the U.S. market, for example, which, just as a reminder, is basically 95% to
96% domestic travel. So all business in the United States coming from international markets is in the 4%
range, maybe 4.5%. And big markets in that would include neighboring markets like Canada and Mexico,
which probably have a different kind of travel profile, if you will, than the travel coming in from further
abroad.

And there, we've got very, very few cases in the U.S. Obviously, we're all watching that to look at. But
we're not really seeing a measurable impact yet. We're instead seeing, as we mentioned in the prepared
remarks, a handful of group things really globally, which have canceled so far.

I suspect it will step up a little bit, but we're going to watch that on a day-to-day basis. And
overwhelmingly, obviously, that depends not just on time, but it depends on what are the incidences of the
cases of this virus in various markets in the world and how do travelers react to that.

William Andrew Crow
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

I appreciate that. If I could just follow-up and ask if there are any takeaways from -- we went through
SARS and the bird flu, and we've gone through a number of different coronavirus or some sort of flu-like
thing over the last, what, 15 years. Anything that you've taken away from that, that you can kind of guide
your -- the company based on that?

Arne M. Sorenson
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Leeny will have that precise number here that is worth talking about. But the comparison to SARS,
which is probably the most similar virus, is very hard to make. I think if you go back to 2003, I'm guessing
here a little bit, Chinese annual outbound travel would have been, I don't know, sub-10 million trips a
year. And last year, we were probably closer to 150 million China outbound trips. So the relevance of China
to the rest of the world is dramatically different.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

The second thing, I think, if you look at Marriott's own story, we had -- we mentioned we've got 375
hotels open in China at the end of the year. Those are not all comp, but our comp hotels are probably 2/3
of that or something like that, maybe a little bit more than that. I think if you go back to 2003, we had 11
or 12 comp hotels. They would have been mostly in Hong Kong, probably, and then a couple of cities in
China.

And so I don't think there's much that we can really take from that other than when SARS ended, it ended
and people got back fairly quickly. That doesn't mean they get back the day after, but it does mean they
get back within a month or 2 or 3.

Kathleen Kelly Oberg
Executive VP & CFO

Roughly a quarter.

Arne M. Sorenson
President, CEO & Director

Yes, pretty quickly. But ultimately, that depends on people being able to look and say, "Yes, it looks like
that's behind us." And so I think I think that's the comparison that's easiest to draw. It's logical, not just
SARS and MERS, but other unfortunate events that have occurred tell us that travelers are pretty resilient.
And one of the reason to be concerned is behind them, they're going to get back and get on the road.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of David Katz with Jefferies.

David Brian Katz
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Arne, great to hear you sounding well and I'm sure, looking fabulous. I wanted to just touch on the IMF
dynamic, to your point, that at some point, this will end. How should we think about what happens to
management contracts on the back end? Are there embedded triggers within some of those contracts that
move or slide that, that can actually help you earn IMFs faster on the back end of this? How should we
think about that?

Arne M. Sorenson
President, CEO & Director

I think the short answer is no. I mean I think the -- it's a lovely thought. But the way these incentive fees
work basically -- and Leeny, correct me if I'm wrong here, but they're mostly annual tests. The -- if there's
an owner's priority, they're mostly fixed and they don't step up, which is a fabulous thing for us over the
length of time. But similarly, they don't mostly step down. In fact, I don't know of a single contract in
which an owner's priority would step down based on performance.

I think the -- probably the disappointing thing here is if you hypothesized that this was a 3-month issue
in 2020 and of course, that's a total guess, but just use it for the sake of discussion. The test is still an
annual test. And so the -- in the United States, particularly where we've got owners' priorities typically
in managed hotels, the impact, if there is one, during those 3 months, will have some lasting impact on
incentive fee earnings in 2020 but will have no impact in 2021. I think it's the way to think about it.

If you go to Asia where typically, you don't have an owner's priority, we will not have probably the -- quite
the hangover impact. So if business disappears in China for 3 months and then it bounces back and does
its sort of normal fee, if you will, we'll lose 1/4 of the incentive fees we would otherwise earn. And so by
the time you get to Q3 or Q4, we should be back to sort of a similar kind of pace as we've had in the past.

Kathleen Kelly Oberg
Executive VP & CFO

So the only thing I'll add to that, David, is just to remember the reality that internationally, we earn 80%
of our hotels' earned incentive fees in 2019, while in North America, it was 56%. So -- and these are

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

very similar numbers to a year ago with a little bit lower number in North America because of the cost
pressures and the low REVPAR.

And the other thing I'll mention is that it is the case in Asia Pacific that it's quite common that there is a
slight increase in the amount of IMF as you increase your GOP margin. So it is the case that as you get
fuller and fuller and a really robust RevPAR that you can be earning an incentive fee that is instead of 6%,
it becomes 8%. And so there is the reality that as you are losing RevPAR, at first, it's a pretty dramatic
drop. But then obviously, the closer you get to 0, you're down at a lower level of earning IMF. So there's
less to lose.

But Arne's point is the right one, that these are annual tests. So you got to really look at the end of the
year, what you earned for the year and that will determine what you make.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Michael Bellisario with Baird.

Michael Joseph Bellisario
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Just kind of a two-parter. First, on Avendra proceeds, how much is left there to be allocated? And then
kind of second, along the same lines on business interruption insurance, I know owners can get made
whole. But is it possible for you guys to recoup any loss income? And then how might be Avendra proceeds
be part of this to help you and your owners during this down period?

Kathleen Kelly Oberg
Executive VP & CFO

So let's just kind of -- as a quick refresher on Avendra, when we sold Avendra, there was a gain of, call it,
$650 million that we're going to use to offset costs that otherwise would have been charged to the owner.
And I would say that we are roughly half the way through those monies.

And again, as we think about all the different programs and things that we're doing, those are obviously a
part of what we would expect going forward, that we would continue to use to offset cost that otherwise
would get charged. But honestly, we do think of them as things that are kind of core to what we want to
do for the hotel system. I don't think of them as really ones that we kind of use it to plug a hole. We've
thought of them more as kind of ways to invest in the system.

And though, of course, it's great that we do have it and we can use it, I think at this point, we continue to
expect that we will be able to use it to invest in the system.

Arne M. Sorenson
President, CEO & Director

And then on business interruption insurance, I think the right assumption here is that there will be
relatively few policies that are implicated by the coronavirus. We'll obviously watch that and make sure we
study it. But my guess is neither the owners or Marriott are going to get substantial business interruption
proceeds from this.

Kathleen Kelly Oberg
Executive VP & CFO

In Asia Pacific, most of the hotels procure their own, and so it will depend on the reading of each of those
contracts, of what their insurance policies say. But we would not necessarily expect a big amount, at least
in Asia Pacific.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Wes Golladay with RBC Capital.

Wesley Keith Golladay

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

I'm just hoping to learn a little bit more about the profile of the owner in Greater China. Are they
capitalized to the point where they can absorb a prolonged closing of their hotels?

Arne M. Sorenson
President, CEO & Director

It's a good question. The -- of the 375 hotels that we had opened at year-end 2019, I know of only 1 that
was not owned by a Chinese investor. Those investors are -- cover the gamut. I think there are many
which are government-owned entities but not all. There are a number that are substantial real estate
companies that do own hotels but also do residential development in the rest. And obviously, we've been
in communication with owners continuously throughout the 6 or 7 weeks that we've been looking at this.

We have had really no indication yet that there are owners under severe pressure. At the same time, when
RevPAR is down 90%, it's a fair assumption that none of these hotels are producing positive cash flow to
service debt or to do anything else. I think one of the advantages of the economic system that China has
is the government is involved not just sometimes through the ownership with government-owned entities
but on the lending side as well. And I think the government will have the tools in order to make sure that
people will be able to navigate through this without foreclosures and without sort of significant long term
consequences.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Kopelman with Cowen.

Kevin Campbell Kopelman
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Great. I just had a quick follow-up on the coronavirus impact. So all the indications are that in the past
week, the travel booking trends have gotten significantly worse. Understanding that it's only 1 week, could
you give us more insight on what you're seeing in the U.S., in particular, in terms of bookings for future
states over the past week?

Arne M. Sorenson
President, CEO & Director

Yes. And I -- again, as we mentioned before, we were picking up a few anecdotes, but we're not really
picking up yet in the data anything that we can really, what, measure or predict from. I think it is brand-
new. Obviously, you had, over the weekend, stories that we're focused on these other markets outside of
China but also outside of the United States and Italy and South Korea and the like.

You've got the President for the first time speaking about it late last night. And so the U.S.-focused
discussion is obviously brand-new. The numbers of cases in the United States are still tiny. We were at a
-- my wife and I were at a dinner in Washington last night with a bunch of folks who are obviously asking
questions around this. And we don't have a single case in the Greater Washington area. And that's the
case in most markets across the United States.

So I think it's way too early to expect that the data is going to be very revealing to us. But at the same
time, when you get the President doing a press conference on it, that's, by itself, not a good thing, and it
will cause more travels to stop and think about it. And again, it's one of the reasons I would say that the
$25 million a month number that we've used as a yardstick is probably, at this point, a bit light, but we
don't know what other number to give you.

Kevin Campbell Kopelman
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

That's really helpful. And then if I could ask about something completely different. The RPI improvements,
what do you think -- could you call out kind of the key drivers there that are allowing you to see that RPI

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

improvement year-over-year, what the outlook for that is going forward? And then if there's any way you
could give us, just the actual RPI level that you finished up 2019?

Arne M. Sorenson
President, CEO & Director

Yes. The -- I mean loyalty -- the loyalty program is, I think, the thing that we would call out the most.
We talked about penetration, generally. We gave you the -- both North America numbers and the global
numbers for penetration, again, what percentage of total rooms is driven by both paid and redeemed
nights.

It won't surprise you to know that the penetration numbers are higher in the U.S. just because our brand
is better known. We've been doing business here for longer. And it's higher in select brand hotels than it
would be in full-service hotels because you've got less group business and the hotels are overwhelmingly
driven by transient business.

But even when you look at all those differences, you see very healthy increases in penetration outside
the U.S. and in full-service hotels and in resort destinations, all of which goes back to the loyalty thing.
We're not going to publish today what our index is by brand or even by segment. I will tell you that I get
monthly a global index report. And the cover of that report has got a chart that starts in 2014 and ends
essentially with the current month that's being reported. And the -- and that summary chart breaks it
down by 3 segments, luxury being one segment, upper upscale being one segment and essentially upscale
or the select brands being another segment. And every one of those 3 is at an all-time high compared to
that -- the other numbers on that 2014 chart, and they continue to go up.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Vince Ciepiel with Cleveland Research.

Vince Charles Ciepiel
Cleveland Research Company

First, curious -- throughout the course of 2019, a number of players in travel alluded to changes that
Google was making, which resulted in less free organic traffic, coming to their travel websites and a
greater reliance on paid as Google changes up how they monetize things with their Google hotel ads
product. I was curious if you have seen any impact in your business at all from that in the second half of
'19 and into '20.

Arne M. Sorenson
President, CEO & Director

We're watching what Google is doing very, very closely. The -- certainly, if you look back over, I don't
know, a 3- or 4-year period, we, too, have seen that the paid search volume coming out of Google has
grown from what it was 3 or 4 years ago. We didn't see a significant move in the second half of 2019 for
us.

Now having said that, just as a reminder, we obviously don't like to pay for paid search if somebody
is searching our brand. So imagine, for -- let's take a discussion that somebody's gone on Google and
they've searched Marriott New York, we don't love to pay for that. And often, we don't -- usually, we don't
pay for that because we think that person is looking for a Marriott hotel. And they're going to end up
finding our site, whether it's through Google or whether they come in through some other path because
they're focused on it. In the same way, if somebody goes on and searches Hyatt New York, we're also not
likely to pay for that because that's a customer that is sadly, maybe, but nevertheless, focused on some
other brand.

That is not necessarily the case in either instance for an OTA. An OTA is going to also be selling Marriott
rooms or Hyatt rooms or other rooms. And if they can get somebody to come from Google to their site and
collect commission associated with that, even if they're selling the room that, that customer seems to be
looking at, that's going to go into their calculation in a way that's very different from ours.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

And so I think it's a long-winded way of saying that the first impact of changes by Google in their strategy
are much more relevant to the OTAs than they are to somebody like us. But we are watching this very,
very carefully. We've obviously got a good partnership with Google, and there's a lot of volume that comes
through our digital channels. And we'll look for ways that we can use those tools to help us do what we
want to do, which is particularly find customers who are not now in our loyalty ecosystem. Find a way to
bring them into our ecosystem. And if we can do that in a way that is cost effective, we'll do it.

Vince Charles Ciepiel
Cleveland Research Company

And unrelated follow-up, maybe I missed it. I don't think I heard anything about election year, what
impact that could be, what you've seen in the last couple and maybe how it relates to group versus leisure
versus transient.

Arne M. Sorenson
President, CEO & Director

So the experience we've had over decades is that in Washington, during the Presidential election year, that
tends to be bad for transient demand. Having said that, the group bookings in Washington for 2020 are
quite strong. And so we actually think Washington will perform reasonably well.

The only other point to make is an obvious one, which is wherever the conventions are, they'll get a
benefit from it. Where the conventions didn't occur -- well, none of these conventions obviously occurred
last year. So those cities should help because there will be incremental demand. But we've got lots of
politicians staying in our hotels in these various markets and we're glad to have them all.

Operator

Your final question comes from the line of Stuart Gordon with Bernstein.

Stuart John Gordon
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG, Research Division

Stuart Gordon actually from Berenberg. Just on the shareholder returns, how are you thinking just over
how you'll phase these through the year given what's happening just now? And just a quick follow-up,
could you break out the other fees between credit card fees and the other fee components within that
bucket?

Kathleen Kelly Oberg
Executive VP & CFO

Sure, absolutely. So it's a careful balance. We really look to maximize the returns to shareholders when
we've got excess capital. And we have a commitment to do that and we want to continue to do that.
At the same time, we have the same commitment to maintain our strong credit rating. And from that
standpoint, we need to be looking very carefully at both what's happening now and what we expect to be
happening as we move forward through the year.

So we've given you our base case without any impact from corona, but -- the coronavirus. But Stu, to
your question, we are going to, of course, have to take into consideration real life and that will impact how
we have to think about share repurchase. But we're looking at everything we can on the cash side, on
the expense side, on the fee side, et cetera, to continue to balance those 2 efforts. But they -- absolutely,
as we continue to see what happens, if you assume my numbers were correct relative to $60 million of
impact on the EBITDA line in Q1, that will have an impact on share repurchase for the year.

And then as you think about the other question, which was on the credit card fees, yes, for the year, we
had $410 million for credit card fees for the full year. The rest, you probably remember that we have
time-share branding fees that roughly approximate $100 million. And then the rest is split between the
residential branding fees as well as some other smaller categories and app and relicensing fees.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

The way I would describe it going forward in 2020 is that group as a whole, we expect to grow up towards
10%. When I think about the credit card component of that, I would call that kind of mid-single digits,
maybe around 6-ish percent.

Arne M. Sorenson
President, CEO & Director

All right. Thank you all very much. We appreciate your time and interest this morning. Get on the road,
come stay with us.

Operator
This does conclude today's conference call, you may now disconnect your lines.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

