McDonald's Corporation NYSE:MCD
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, July 28, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.75

0.66

(12.00 %)

1.67

5.75

8.09

Revenue  (mm)

3729.57

3761.50

0.86

4956.54

18582.05

21337.19

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-28-2020 12:45 PM GMT

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.21

1.97

1.54

0.75

2.11

1.97

1.47

0.66

(4.52 %)

0.00 %

(4.55 %)

(12.00 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
MCDONALD'S CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Christopher J. Kempczinski
President, CEO & Director

Kevin M. Ozan
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

Mike Cieplak
Senior Director of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Andrew Strelzik
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Andrew Michael Charles
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Christopher Emilio Carril
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Christopher Thomas O'Cull
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

David E. Tarantino
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Jeffrey Andrew Bernstein
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

John Stephenson Glass
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

John William Ivankoe
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Jon Michael Tower
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Matthew James DiFrisco
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Peter Mokhlis Saleh
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

Sara Harkavy Senatore
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MCDONALD'S CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Hello, and welcome to McDonald's Second Quarter 2020 Investor Conference Call. At the request of
McDonald's Corporation, this conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Cieplak, Investor Relations Officer for McDonald's
Corporation. Mr. Cieplak, you may begin.

Mike Cieplak
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. With me on the call this morning are President and
Chief Executive Officer, Chris Kempczinski; and Chief Financial Officer, Kevin Ozan.

I want to remind everyone that the forward-looking statements in our earnings release and 8-K filing also
apply to our comments on the call today. Both of those documents are available on our website, as are
reconciliations of any non-GAAP financial measures mentioned on today's call with their corresponding
GAAP measures.

Following prepared remarks this morning, we will open the queue for your questions. [Operator
Instructions] Today's conference call is being webcast and is also being recorded for replay via our
website.

And now I'll turn it over to Chris.

Christopher J. Kempczinski
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, and good morning. As I reflect back to our first quarter earnings call, a short 90 days ago,
I talked about uncertainty in the world amidst the COVID pandemic and our methodical approach to
reopening, grounded in what's best for the safety of our customers and crew.

During the second quarter, the dedication of the McDonald's System was on display as we worked together
to safely reopen nearly all of McDonald's restaurants that had temporarily closed in late March, leading
to continued improvement in our sales results. As of today, nearly all our restaurants globally are open
for business. Almost all markets are operating with drive-thru and delivery, and many markets have also
begun to reopen dining rooms. I want to say a huge thank you to franchisees, crew members, suppliers
and company employees. Without their continued hard work and dedication, this would not have been
possible.

We have said that since the start of the pandemic that we entered from a position of strength. Over the
last several years, our Velocity Growth Plan drove broad-based strength in markets around the world.
More importantly, however, we believe McDonald's possesses several unique advantages that ensure our
success is built to last. These advantages have been evident throughout the crisis.

First is our iconic brand. McDonald's is one of the world's leading brands, and the trust customers have
in McDonald's has proven to be a significant advantage during these uncertain times. Customers have
been seeking known and familiar brands they can count on. And for our customers, while safety is a top
concern, the need for value and convenience is also on the rise, playing to McDonald's historic strengths.

Second, McDonald's is an execution machine. We know how to run great restaurants, and that operating
prowess has been put to the ultimate test during the pandemic. Within a matter of weeks, the McDonald's
System made operational modifications across 30,000 restaurants, while closing and then reopening
another 9,000 restaurants. We introduced new safety procedures in all our restaurants, modified our
menus and developed new contactless ways to serve our customers.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MCDONALD'S CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Amidst all these changes, customer satisfaction actually improved across almost every major market, and
the U.S. has hit new all-time highs for customer satisfaction. Drive-thru times have also improved across
most major markets, averaging 15 to 20 seconds of improvement.

And speaking of drive-thrus, our unmatched drive-thru penetration has allowed us to continue serving
more customers in more markets than anyone else. Across our big 5 IOM markets, Australia, Canada,
France, Germany and the U.K., about 70% of our restaurants offer drive-thru. And this safe and
convenient service channel has been particularly appealing to our customers during the pandemic. We've
seen significant increases in drive-thru sales in these markets during COVID.

Finally, the strength of our system, our franchisees, employees and suppliers has been and always will be
our secret sauce. Our 3-legged stool is committed to feeding and fostering the nearly 40,000 communities
where we operate, and the pandemic has demonstrated our system's unwavering commitment. There
have been countless examples of our system going above and beyond to be there for those communities
who needed us most, from health care workers to truck drivers, to people working 3 shifts to make masks
and respirators, we stayed open so they could keep going.

Every franchisee comes from and is rooted in the local community. They take responsibility for building
the local community, which is why our brand is strongest at the local level. Thanks to market and
franchisee leadership, we are able to identify opportunities to be good neighbors in ways that are the most
meaningful to customers, and this has been especially important in the last few months.

Our suppliers ensured that we had no breaks in supply for food, packaging, material, toys, equipment
or other strategic categories globally. This is an incredible feat, given some of the significant challenges
experienced in the past few months, and a testament to our strong supply chain teams, both globally and
locally, and the partnership that they have with our suppliers. At the same time, in just a matter of weeks,
our teams built a global supply chain for PPE virtually from scratch.

Turning to our Q2 operating results. I'll provide a few headlines and observations, and then Kevin will
provide more details, including key financials. In the U.S., virtually all restaurants remained open, and
we saw results improve sequentially through the quarter. To ensure we kept our crew and customers
safe while remaining open, we've changed nearly 50 operating procedures in accordance with guidance
from state and local health experts. In Q2, we also ran a highly successful Thank You Meal program to
recognize the extraordinary dedication and selflessness of first responders.

In our International Operated Markets segment, when we last spoke, about 45% of our restaurants were
open in some manner. Several of our largest markets, including the U.K., Spain, France and Italy, were
completely closed for prolonged periods during the quarter. With a methodical approach, however, our
teams have reopened restaurants across this segment and nearly all restaurants are now open to serve
customers. We've seen strong pent-up customer demand, which is driving encouraging sequential sales
improvement.

Finally, our International Developmental Licensed segment experienced several challenges throughout the
quarter. Our Latin America business was severely pressured due to the high incidence of coronavirus in
several countries and has less developed drive-thru penetration. In China, after early signs suggesting
a solid recovery, our pace of improvement has slowed as customers remain wary of social activities, and
we now expect this more subdued pattern to continue into 2021. Worth noting that Japan had positive
comp sales for the quarter, partly thanks to our brand's reputation for cleanliness and convenience with
Japanese customers.

As you can see, it remains a dynamic situation as the threat of COVID-19 continues to depress consumer
sentiment, and the vagaries of the pandemic create an unpredictable operating environment. In many
markets around the world, most notably in the U.S., the public health situation appears to be worsening.
Nonetheless, I believe that Q2 represents the trough in our performance as McDonald's has learned to
adjust our operations to this new environment.

Regardless of the overall level of industry growth, I believe our markets and franchisees are well
positioned to grow market share going forward. Three factors give me confidence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MCDONALD'S CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

First, the financial health of our system is strong. As you know, we moved quickly to defer rent and
royalties for franchisees, injecting nearly $1 billion of liquidity into our system at the outset of the
pandemic. When necessary, we're providing timely, targeted and temporary assistance to franchisees
needing additional support. Government programs such as the PPP program in the U.S. and the
Chancellor's program in the U.K. also provided strong financial relief to our franchisees. And the menu
and operational modifications we introduced have further supported franchisee P&L. Collectively, these
actions have significantly reduced the adverse cash flow impact of COVID-19 on the average McDonald's
restaurant.

Second, we have amassed a sizable marketing war chest to invest in the back half of 2020. During
Q2, most major markets significantly reduced their marketing spend and value activities. As an
example, in the U.S., marketing spend was down 70% as we chose to conserve our resources until the
situation stabilized. These funds will now be reinvested in Q3 and Q4. Additionally, as we previously
announced, McDonald's will also invest an incremental $200 million in marketing spend across our U.S.
and International Operated Markets in the second half to accelerate recovery, roughly equivalent to 1
additional month of media in every owned market. Together, these actions will result in a sizable increase
in our marketing spend for the balance of the year.

And third, our laser-like focus on what we call the 3 Ds: drive-thru, delivery and digital. Thanks to our
strategic foresight, McDonald's is well developed in each of these channels, and we see opportunities to
extend our 3-D advantage. You'll hear more about the 3 Ds in our strategic plans later in the year.

Again, I want to thank our system for the extraordinary dedication and resilience they demonstrated in
Q2. And to our customers, I want to thank you for your trust in McDonald's. We're ready to serve.

I'll now turn it over to Kevin to talk in more detail about our second quarter results.

Kevin M. Ozan
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Chris. I'll start by walking through our comp performance for the quarter and an early read on
July, move on to some items on the P&L and then end with an update on our financial position.

While this quarter was not without its challenges, we're encouraged by our global comp sales improvement
throughout the quarter and into July. Comps improved sequentially throughout Q2 as markets reopened
and restrictions were eased. Global comp sales were down 24% for the quarter and improved as we
progressed through the quarter, with the month of June down 12%. We entered the quarter with about
75% of our restaurants open. And as Chris noted, today, nearly all have reopened to serve customers.

While in June, we recovered nearly 90% of our 2019 sales, performance across the markets is varied
and uneven, depending on external factors, such as government restrictions and consumer sentiment,
given concerns of resurgence. For as long as the virus is present, this is the likely operating environment,
especially as we also consider government assistance to consumers rolling off in many markets and
general economic uncertainty. And we believe we're well positioned to navigate through it all.

That said, some consistent themes have emerged. Comp sales continue to be heavily reliant on check
growth from larger orders with guest counts negative. The number of drive-thrus impacts the market's
pace of recovery. As Chris mentioned, our drive-thrus overall have proven to be a competitive advantage
for us, and markets with a higher percentage of drive-thrus are showing quicker recovery. Markets with
a higher concentration of city center and mall restaurants are seeing heavier impact from reduced foot
traffic. And travel- or tourist-dependent locations are slower to recover as mobility remains suppressed.

In looking at performance across the segments, the International Operated Markets segment experienced
a sharp decline with more than half of the restaurants temporarily closed early in the quarter. Comp sales
were down 41% for the quarter, improving to down 18% for the month of June, as key markets like France
began reopening in May and the U.K. began reopening in June. Australia delivered positive comp sales for
both May and June, bolstered by strong drive-thru and delivery performance. Australia has doubled its
delivery sales mix to nearly 10% of sales, a trend we're seeing across several of our international markets.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MCDONALD'S CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

While we've seen a significant uptick in drive-thru as a percentage of total sales throughout the segment,
a crucial step in our recovery is the reopening of dining rooms. Pre-COVID, nearly 70% of customer orders
were in-restaurant across our larger markets. So closing the dining area or even limiting dine-in capacity
has a substantial impact on results.

Today, almost all restaurants and about 2/3 of the dining rooms have reopened in the segment, although
many restaurants are still operating with restrictions, such as limited hours or channels based on local
regulations. In July, comp sales in the IOM segment have continued to improve, although they remain
negative in the high-single digits.

Turning to the U.S. Comp sales for the quarter were down 8.7% and improved as we progressed through
the quarter, with June down 2.3%. Breakfast continues to be disproportionately impacted by disruptions to
commuting routines. And while weekend recovery is still lagging weekday recovery, the gap is narrowing.

Throughout the pandemic, we benefited greatly from nearly all of our restaurants remaining open to
serve customers, particularly with drive-thrus in nearly 95% of our locations. As customers shifted to a
more contactless experience, drive-thru accounted for nearly 90% of our sales again this quarter. We also
continue to see an uptick in delivery and digital transactions per restaurant.

Mid-quarter, we began to reopen dining rooms in the U.S. with reduced seating capacity for customers
who want to enjoy their food on-premise. In early July, we paused as we've seen resurgences across the
country. And today, we have about 2,000 dining rooms open. Together with our franchisees, we're taking
a thoughtful and responsible approach to determine the right time to reopen the remaining dining rooms.
The U.S. has continued to see improving comp sales through July with comps turning slightly positive
during the month.

Comp sales in the International Developmental Licensed segment were down 24% for the quarter, with
the months of May and June both down about 20%. As Chris mentioned, Latin America was the hardest-
hit geography across the segment, while Japan delivered positive comp sales for the quarter. And in China,
recovery has been somewhat uneven as consumers remain cautious on resuming pre-COVID routines,
especially in light of resurgence concerns. Increased competitive activity and the fact that schools have
been closed also are impacting the pace of recovery.

In terms of new unit development, China has opened about 150 restaurants through June. We remain
confident in new restaurant growth opportunities in China with a plan to open about 400 new restaurants
this year. While we expect recovery to continue to be somewhat gradual and uneven for many markets
around the globe in the near term, we're proud of our teams and the way we've responded to the
pandemic.

Moving to the P&L. As we become a more heavily franchised business over the last several years, our
operating model is designed to tap into the entrepreneurial spirit of our local business owners and
efficiently convert top line growth to the bottom line. Despite the challenging environment, McDonald's
restaurants generated over $19 billion in systemwide sales for the quarter. Franchise margins represented
about 90% of overall margin dollars and were a key component of operating income.

There are a couple of P&L lines specifically impacted by COVID-19-related items. First, G&A increased
$114 million or 22% in constant currencies for the quarter. As Chris mentioned, the company is making an
incremental marketing contribution to the U.S. and IOM markets. The amount related to that contribution
included in G&A for Q2 was about $160 million, which more than offset lower travel costs and lower
incentive compensation accruals.

Turning to the other operating income and expense section. Gains on restaurant sales for the full year are
still expected to be down significantly versus last year as we anticipate a minimal amount of restaurant
sale activity for the remainder of the year. Our equity in earnings of affiliates for the full year is projected
to be down substantially. We recorded an additional $45 million for reserves for bad debt related to rent
and royalty deferrals for Q2.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MCDONALD'S CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

And finally, in further supporting our franchisees, we made onetime payments of about $30 million to
distribution centers for obsolete inventory. This was a result of the abrupt reduction in consumer demand
and product mix shifts early in the pandemic.

As I've mentioned before, the financial health of our system was an underlying strength of our business
coming into the pandemic, and we've taken actions to preserve financial flexibility. As a reminder, we
suspended our share repurchase program in early March. We also bolstered our financial position by
securing $6.5 billion of new financing back in Q1. This enabled us to invest in the system in several ways.
We provided nearly $1 billion of broad-based financial liquidity assistance to our franchisees, primarily
in the form of rent and royalty deferrals. As a result, free cash flow was negative in the second quarter
and positive for the first half of the year. Based on our current operating performance and our anticipated
collection of a majority of the deferrals in Q3 and Q4, we still expect free cash flow to be positive for the
remainder of the year.

Further building on the broad-based liquidity support, we're also assessing the financial health of specific
at-risk franchisee and developmental licensee organizations. We're using an objective framework for
decision-making, and we expect that only a small percent of organizations will require further assistance.
The financial health and strength of our franchisees has been a competitive advantage for McDonald's for
years, and we expect that to continue. Finally, as we've mentioned, we invested in incremental marketing
across the U.S. and IOM markets to further accelerate recovery and drive growth.

In terms of capital expenditures, we took a very practical approach to development activity during the
onset of the pandemic by pausing most project work. As many franchisees are willing and able to invest
and some work has resumed, our expected capital spend for 2020 is now about $1.6 billion versus
the original $2.4 billion. About half of the $1.6 billion will be dedicated to the U.S. business, including
completing roughly 900 EOTF projects. Additionally, we now plan to open about 950 gross and 350 net
new restaurants this year. The U.S. is accelerating some restaurant closings previously planned for future
years. Of the 200 U.S. closures for this year, over half are low-volume restaurants in Walmart store
locations.

Consistent with enhancing financial flexibility and our franchising strategy, we're planning to divest a
portion of our stake in McDonald's Japan. As a result of the strong performance of the McDonald's Japan
business over the past few years and our confidence in the local management team, we believe it's the
right time to gradually reduce our ownership stake in the market. This will take some time because of
the low trading volume of McDonald's Japan shares. As a reminder, we currently own about 49% of the
business, and we will retain at least 35% ownership. This decision provides us with additional financial
flexibility to execute our capital allocation strategy while also demonstrating our commitment to our
Japanese business.

Regarding uses of cash, our top priorities remain the same: first, investing in the business for growth; and
second, prioritizing dividends to our shareholders. After that, we'll look to reduce debt in the near term to
lower our elevated leverage ratios. We will continue to manage and utilize our funds in a judicious manner
that focuses on ensuring the company is able to grow the business, our franchisees remain financially
strong and our shareholders are duly rewarded.

Now I'll turn it back to Chris.

Christopher J. Kempczinski
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Kevin. Here at McDonald's, we remain well positioned to operate through this crisis from a
position of competitive strength, and we're confident in our ability to grow market share as we look ahead.

Tomorrow, we're holding our first-ever digital convening of operators, suppliers and employees worldwide.
We're calling it our worldwide connection. We'll use this touch point to reflect on the inherent strengths
of our system by highlighting the enduring values that will continue to guide us as we move forward. Just
as we've done since the very beginning, we'll draw on our solid foundation, unique advantages and core
equities to meet the needs of today while building towards a better tomorrow.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MCDONALD'S CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Our customer focus and current prioritization of resources will be important levers as we drive our
recovery, and we will continue to use our strategic agility to adapt to the evolving environment. While the
Velocity Growth Plan has served us well and elements of the plan will continue to be important, we will
continue to evolve the strategy as needed to meet the needs of the customer. We look forward to sharing
updates later in the year.
And now we'll begin Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MCDONALD'S CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

Mike Cieplak
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Our first question is from Andrew Charles with Cowen.

Andrew Michael Charles
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Breakfast has been a bit of a sore spot for the U.S. business over the last several years despite efforts in
place to help improve performance focused on value, advertising and innovation. So can you talk a little
bit about why efforts to reinvigorate breakfast will be different under Joe during a difficult point in time
when morning routines are seeing pronounced disruption?

And if I can just clarify one thing. Were July U.S. comps slightly positive for the month? Or did they trend
slightly positive at some point during the month?

Christopher J. Kempczinski
President, CEO & Director

Andrew, thank you for the question. And on the breakfast point, certainly, as we've talked about on prior
calls, breakfast has been one of the more challenged daypart due to coronavirus. You mentioned and you
alluded to the fact that we have had challenges in breakfast over a longer period of time. I think there's
been a couple of areas there that have driven that. Certainly, one has been the much more increased
level of competitive activity that we've seen in breakfast. Breakfast, as you know, prior to the pandemic,
was the only daypart that was growing. And so as a result, there were a lot of new competitors that were
flooding into the breakfast daypart. That certainly was one area of pressure for us.

And then I would also just honestly say some of it was around focus. And we were not as focused as we
were rolling out other things like hot off the grill. The other dayparts for us took on more time and energy
and investment. And so as we emerge out of this, I think part of it is certainly going to be a rededication
from a marketing and investment standpoint to go after breakfast. I think our ability through the drive-
thrus right now to be fast at breakfast is certainly an advantage that we're looking for going forward.

And then we will have innovation in breakfast as well. If you look at how we've performed through the
pandemic, even though breakfast is certainly in the U.S. still the most challenged daypart, we're actually
growing our breakfast share. And so while it is a drag from an overall standpoint, we're gaining share at
breakfast, and I know the U.S. operators and Joe are hopeful to continue that trend.

As to the point about July, let me pass it over to Kevin to give you the specifics.

Kevin M. Ozan
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Andrew, related to July U.S. comps, I'd say they trended up a little bit throughout the month, but
they've been running slightly positive for most of the month. And obviously, with a few days left, we
expect it to be slightly positive for the full month also.

Mike Cieplak
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Our next question is from David Tarantino with Baird.

David E. Tarantino
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MCDONALD'S CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

I was wondering, Kevin, if you could give us a sense of what the comps in the units in IOM are running
when you exclude all the impact from the closures?

And I guess a second and related question would be, what do you think the biggest impediments in
those markets are in terms of getting back to positive? Is it a matter of [indiscernible]? Or do you think
something else will be needed to see a positive number?

Kevin M. Ozan
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, David. All right, a couple of things. Let's talk about July. I'll talk about July primarily since
it's our most recent information. We talked about Australia being positive, and I'll give a quick round of
the big 5 markets, if you will. Australia, we talked about being positive in May and June. They continue to
be positive in July. Now remember, Australia was one of the few markets around the world, in addition to
Canada and U.S., that remained open through all this. So they've got a little different profile certainly than
the European markets.

Canada, I'd say, is relatively similar to how the U.S. is behaving, meaning that they are just turning
slightly positive in July. And again, remember, they remained open. So I'd use the U.S. kind of profile as a
proxy for Canada.

Europe, that is obviously a little different, France, Germany and the U.K. France and the U.K. were
completely closed, remember, so they're a little slower to return. I mentioned that France began reopening
in May. U.K. began reopening in June. U.K. is just beginning to reopen dining rooms. So you've got those
different dynamics going on in the European markets.

If I look at those 3 markets in total, they're roughly, I'll call them, negative high single digits to low double
digits. So that overall, when you look at those 5 markets in July, we're running probably high -- I'm sorry,
mid-negative single digits for that group of 5 in July.

As far as the factors that are impacting those, a couple of things. I think one is the fact that several of
those markets, as I mentioned, were fully closed. So it just -- while there's an immediate rush back and
we all see the lines at the drive-thru, et cetera, the reality is after a week or a couple of weeks and things
settle down, it does take a little bit of time to kind of build up and get back to more closer to normal, I'll
say.

Dining rooms is a big thing. As I mentioned in my script, going into COVID, about 70% of our orders were
in-restaurant. And so I think in order to fully get certainly guest counts back, it will be getting the dining
rooms open in all of those markets.

And then the other thing that goes on in some of those European markets is specific locations, whether
that's travel centers or tourist locations. Some countries, certainly the Frances, Spains, Italys, are more
dependent on tourism, and so you see some of those markets being impacted more than others.

Mike Cieplak
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Our next question is from John Glass with Morgan Stanley.

John Stephenson Glass
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

My question is about unit growth. And I think there was a time, maybe not long ago, pre-COVID, that
there was a thought at McDonald's that this is maybe an opportunity to start to accelerate unit growth,
particularly in some of those international markets. Do you think that opportunity has changed? Has
it gotten better? When you talk about reducing unit growth this year, what's the primary factor? Is it
franchisee lack of willingness because there's a distraction? Or is it just the construction?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MCDONALD'S CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

What -- how do we think about unit growth going forward? What are the causes for the delay? And is this
even a bigger opportunity, as many other restaurants have talked about, in terms of opportunity to gain
share and gain better real estate as a result of COVID?

Kevin M. Ozan
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, John. So let me -- yes, first, let me talk about this year, which, to your point, I think
this year, what we are seeing is there was certainly immediate or near-term disruption, both with our
franchisees and in the construction industry, in a lot of those markets. And so that's why you're seeing --
why we are seeing, I'll say, reduced openings this year. That doesn't change our belief in the opportunity
going forward, especially, I'd say, in Europe where I think there may be some independent restaurant
units that are having some bigger challenges, which may present some further opportunities for us.

So our expectation is that beginning next year, we go back to kind of where we thought we would have
been for unit growth in 2021. And again, especially in Europe, we believe there's a lot of opportunity for
growth. I mentioned in our script that China is continuing to grow. So we think that they'll still open about
400 units this year.

But Europe, which we have slowed down a little bit this year because of the near-term disruption, our
expectation right now, and obviously that's all dependent on what happens with the pandemic going
forward, but right now, our expectation is to get back to having significant unit growth in Europe. We do
think there's a lot of opportunities in our key markets in Europe.

Mike Cieplak
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Our next question is from Jon Tower with Wells Fargo.

Jon Michael Tower
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I'm just curious, I think, Chris, you had mentioned earlier that in the U.S., obviously, you've made some
fairly significant operational procedure changes. And in particular, I believe you pulled some menu items
off, including All Day Breakfast. So can you discuss what you think will remain as permanent changes
versus what are temporary tied to the pandemic right now?

Christopher J. Kempczinski
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Thanks, John. So if you look at the menu, you're right, we went to limited menu. It was largely our
core menu in the U.S., and a number of other major markets around the world had a number of benefits
to us. It certainly made the restaurants easier to operate, particularly as we had some challenges with just
staffing levels due to coronavirus. It also had a very positive benefit around productivity and margins. All
of that was also very helpful as we navigated through the second quarter.

As we come out of it, as I've said in prior times, I think it is a safe bet that you are going to see us add
items back to the menu. I think it's also equally a safe bet that we're not going to go all the way back to
where we were. And so how that evolution looks is going to vary market to market. In the U.S., I do know
that there is innovation that is planned for later this year. That's going to bring some menu items on. And
then what the U.S. operators have talked about with our team has been, let's just make sure every item
that we add earns its way back on to the menu. And I think that mentality, that mindset is how, not just
the U.S., but every market is sort of looking at it.

Mike Cieplak
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Our next question is from David Palmer with Evercore.

David Sterling Palmer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MCDONALD'S CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

In your International Operated Markets and the big 3 in Europe, in particular, could you talk to the sales
trends by format, meaning units with drive-thru versus walk-in-only units? And relatedly, I don't know if
you're able to see that informal eating-out market trend lately and know how you're maybe doing in terms
of market share trends. I'm very curious to know if the pain is really great out there from a competitive
set that is walk-in only and that could be sort of making the bed for you in a positive way as things get
back to dining rooms being open.

Christopher J. Kempczinski
President, CEO & Director

David, it's Chris. I'll take the first part of that, and then if Kevin has anything else to add, I'll pass it off
to him. But I think overall, what you're talking about is accurate or certainly something that is worth
paying attention to in Europe, which is in Europe, we do face a different competitive set. It tends to be,
in many cases, smaller operators, bakeries, kind of places that are much more dependent on the walk-
in business. Those competitors in countries like France and Germany are certainly under quite a bit of
pressure. And we're seeing that right now from a variety of different media that we're hearing about some
of the difficulty that exists in those markets. That does create for us an opportunity to take share because
of our drive-thru business.

I won't get into sort of the by-format details. But I would just say, in general, and Kevin laid it out in his
opening remarks, when we have a drive-thru business, you do tend to see those businesses come back
faster. Consumers are more in the habit of going to that restaurant, and then they see the dining rooms
open, and that leads to a faster recovery on the dining room business. But now with basically almost all of
our dining rooms open in Europe, even if you didn't have a drive-thru, we're seeing a nice recovery there.
It's just not as fast as if you had a drive-thru that was allowing you to operate as well.

And Kevin, I'll pass it off to you for anything else you want to add.

Kevin M. Ozan
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Just to give a little detail on what Chris was just saying, just to give some numbers. About -- if I
look at those big 3 in Europe that you mentioned, France, Germany, U.K., roughly 2/3 of the restaurants
in those markets have a drive-thru. And if we think about pre-COVID, about 1/3 of our sales in those
markets were through the drive-thru pre-COVID. Now about 2/3 of our sales are through the drive-thru.
So we've certainly seen the advantage of having drive-thrus in those markets. And as Chris mentioned,
that -- those do tend to come back quicker than the restaurants without drive-thru.

Mike Cieplak
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Our next question is from Sara Senatore with Bernstein.

Sara Harkavy Senatore
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

I wanted to ask about China. And I know it's not, at this point, a huge contributor to EBIT, but just as a
read for other markets. You said that you are seeing kind of a retrenchment as customers remain wary,
and you'll expect to see that into 2021. I guess as you think about the risk of more resurging COVID in
other markets, is that primarily the implication? Or is there some function of China? We've heard there
may be more lockdowns in some of the cities than what we've seen in other countries. Just trying to
understand kind of if we would -- if you'd expect to see a similar retrenchment in other markets.

And I guess related to that, in the U.S., if you could just talk about the difference in dayparts or what
you're seeing between weekends and weekdays, if there are any kind of different behavior patterns that
you can tell us about that. I'm just trying to sort of get a sense of how to think about recovery from here,
depending on the different scenarios that might occur.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MCDONALD'S CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Christopher J. Kempczinski
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Thanks, Sara. I do think China is probably more unique and, therefore, probably not a good proxy
to think about for the other markets, start with the fact that in China, only about 15% of the restaurants
there have drive-thru. And so for all the reasons that we've already been talking about, it's a different
dynamic and a more challenging dynamic when you don't have a drive-thru business. So I think that's one
big difference.

I think also, you mentioned -- you've touched on, there has been kind of a variety of different government
actions and I'd say sort of several different waves of the coronavirus. All of that, when you take it in
combination with the fact that there have been other epidemics in China, I think all of that is weighing on
the minds of the Chinese consumer and definitely making them more wary.

What you're seeing in China is you're seeing many of the kind of non-Western restaurants go to very
aggressive value programs right now, trying to stimulate some demand in the market. And we do think
that, that market is going to be more promotional, certainly through the balance of this year, again, as
competitors are all trying to get some traffic stimulated there and encourage people to come out of the
house. So long-winded way of saying, I think China, there's a number of factors that are going on in China
that don't allow it to really be a good read-through to other markets.

As to the U.S. and the difference between weekdays and weekends, certainly earlier in the pandemic, we
were seeing a bigger hit on weekend. As we've now moved through that and getting to, I guess, I'd say
more of a steady state in terms of where we're at, that disparity between the weekend and weekdays is
evening out, and it's not as pronounced as it was earlier. Weekend still does provide a tougher comp, a
tougher lap than the weekday. But again, the disparity that we saw between weekend and weekdays is
leveling out.

Kevin M. Ozan
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

And then I'll just add daypart that you mentioned. I think as Chris mentioned earlier, breakfast is the
biggest drag, if you will, in comp, but we're gaining share at breakfast. It's just that the overall breakfast
market is declining. And that would be for June and into July, I'd say, for the U.S. that is dinner, both in
June and July, is contributing to comp, so it's been positive. And then I'd say lunch is in between the 2.

Mike Cieplak
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Our next question is from Andrew Strelzik with BMO.

Andrew Strelzik
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

You've talked a bit about the marketing war chest in the back half of the year. I'm just wondering what
role innovation will play. I know there was a bit of a pause due to pandemic. Has that started to crank
back up a little bit? And should we expect to see anything through the balance of the year?

Christopher J. Kempczinski
President, CEO & Director

There will be some innovation. I would say that the bulk of that spend is not intended to be going toward
innovation. The bulk of that spend is intended for really core menu items and perhaps spotlighting some
of our service channel opportunities like, for example, digital. But as I said earlier, when I talked about
menu, we are going to have some menu innovation in the U.S. in the back half of the year. So it may get
some, but I wouldn't think about that war chest as being deployed largely against innovation. It is going to
be largely against the base business because our view is, right now, consumers are still looking for sort of
the trusted favorites, which is why core menu makes sense for us.

Mike Cieplak

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MCDONALD'S CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Senior Director of Investor Relations

Our next question is from Chris O'Cull with Stifel.

Christopher Thomas O'Cull
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I was hoping you could frame the increase you're seeing in the check in the U.S. And have you seen
any sequential change in the check as you move through the quarter or as mobility increases in certain
markets?

Christopher J. Kempczinski
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Chris. So the check, I think, industry-wide, there were some big check numbers out there. Part
of it was due to mix, so you saw delivery becoming a much more pronounced part of the mix during Q2.
Also, I think what we were seeing is just larger order sizes, kind of this dynamic of we'll send someone out
to order on behalf of the whole family. And so all of that we're seeing average checks going up, call it, I
don't know, 30% increase in average check in the U.S.

And in terms of what that looks like going forward, we are starting to see it rebalance to what you would
imagine are more normal or sustaining levels, meaning that traffic is improving. As traffic is improving,
you're seeing check come down in terms of its contribution to growth. But still, we are in a negative traffic
environment. And it is being driven largely by check, but just the trajectory of it is starting to look a little
bit more as you would expect.

Mike Cieplak
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Our next question is from Jeff Bernstein with Barclays.

Jeffrey Andrew Bernstein
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Just a question on the likelihood of a recession coming forward ahead of -- or once we look past COVID.
Just wondering if you can give your thoughts on potential U.S. recession versus 12 years ago or perhaps
you're seeing certain international markets where you're seeing some outsized consumer weakness.
Just wondering how the McDonald's brand has changed over that time for the better to help insulate or
whether your strategy might change willingness to push more value or otherwise. Just trying to get a
sense for the outlook if there's any market that you see recessionary concerns on the horizon.

Christopher J. Kempczinski
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Well, one of the things that we do is we do, every week, a tracking survey of consumers across
most of our major markets. And I would say, one of the things that we have that definitely pops in that is
concern, the anxiety that exists out there around the economy and consumers' belief that we are in a sort
of recessionary type of dynamic. It's been interesting in many cases. And I think in our most recent poll
that we did, you see economic concerns eclipse public health or public safety concerns.

And so as I look at all of that, I'm certainly not qualified to make any predictions around whether we're
going to be in recession or not, but I'd certainly say there's a lot of warning signs out there that would
suggest that the consumer sentiment and consumer concern about the economy is negative and going in
the wrong direction.

As we think about what that means for our business, and Kevin can talk more about this, but our business
tends to be pretty resilient, whether it's through recessionary times or through times of growth. And so
we feel well positioned during those types of periods. But I think you're touching on something that's
important, which is, as you go into potentially a more recessionary type of environment in a number of
major markets, having good affordability and making sure that, that is a key component of your marketing

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MCDONALD'S CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

mix is really important. And that's a conversation that I know our leadership teams in markets around the
world, including in the U.S., are having with our franchisees right now.

One of the things that we need to make sure is that coming out of Q2, and I think maybe some of the --
just the shock that sort of went through the system as the pandemic spread, we ended up, as I talked
about, in terms of our reduction of marketing support, we went into more of a defensive posture. Now as
we kind of go into a more normal or what we're kind of saying new normal, next normal, whatever the
phrase you want to use, operating environment, it's time for us to get back on the front foot. That's why
we have the marketing war chest, but it also means that we are going to need to be thinking about how
affordability and value can play for all the reasons you were mentioning in your question.

Mike Cieplak
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Our next question is from John Ivankoe with JPMorgan.

John William Ivankoe
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

A 2-part question, if I may. First, obviously, there have been a lot of consumer behavior changes because
of COVID. And I was curious as what behaviors that you think will come back to normal to 2019, for
example. And if any of that is basically leading you to reconsider the way that some of your dining rooms
are going to be used, in other words, separating the temporary change from consumer behavior using
dining rooms and sitting next to each other, what have you, to more permanent ones.

And the second part of the question is from an organizational perspective. Chris, I mean, you -- obviously,
you've got the head seat at McDonald's at a very auspicious time with such a major disruptive event
coming shortly after you took the job. Where are you in terms of thinking about the right organizational
structure from an efficiency and effectiveness point of view of the overall McDonald's organization as we
look forward?

Christopher J. Kempczinski
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, John. On the dine-in, I'm very happy that -- and I mentioned this, I think, on our last
earnings call, that we are almost completely through our EOTF remodel program. I think that has
positioned us very well for the future. Certainly, one of the questions that I get from franchisees is, hey,
we spent on the dining rooms as we went into the pandemic. Do we still feel good about that? And my
answer is absolutely. In fact, if you look at some of the markets like Australia, for example, that have
remained open, that have had dining rooms open, one of the interesting things is we're seeing kiosk usage
in Australia is up by a meaningful amount. And so I think some of the things that we did with Experience
of the Future and the order modifications or the new order channels like kiosk are playing right to this.

Now certainly, what we're seeing overall, and Kevin mentioned this, is that dine-in, as a percent of our
business, is a smaller amount today because of the growth of drive-thru. I think our view is, as you look
out over a longer period of time, we do believe that dine-in is still going to be an important part of the
mix. We're not going to be able to get to growing traffic without getting our dine-ins opened. So I think
we're still going to see dine-ins as being an important part of the business.

But in terms of enduring behavior, I think whether it's the use of kiosk, the use of mobile, the use of
delivery, the use of drive-thru, certainly one of the things is that customers are looking for more of a
contactless type of experience. They're looking for more of a digital type of experience, one that they
can navigate on their own. I do think that, that behavior is going to be an enduring change, which is
why I mentioned that the 3 Ds for us, delivery, drive-thru and digital, are going to be important strategic
priorities for us for the foreseeable future, and we'll have more to share about that.

In terms of org changes, I must admit I've not heard my coming in as being described as auspicious,
but I'll take auspicious. So thank you for that. But for us, there have been certainly a lot of twists and
turns in the COVID road. We are looking at what does all of this mean for the longer term. But I don't

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MCDONALD'S CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

anticipate that there is going to be any major changes that we would do as a result. As all of you know,
we went through a pretty significant G&A rationalization over the last several years, not just in the U.S.,
but globally. And I think that, that put us in a very good position for where we're at now. And when I look
at spans and layers and all the typical things that you look at from a G&A perspective, I think we're in
pretty good shape there.

But there are going to be areas that we're going to need to think about, and I'll just highlight one. As
we move to more virtual learning, how do we think about training and development? And what does
that organization need to look like? What's going to be the balance of in-person training that we do
versus training that might be done virtually? So there will be some things that we need to think about
organizationally. But I would say that those are on the margins. I don't anticipate anything substantive for
the broader group.

Mike Cieplak
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Our next question is from Chris Carril with RBC.

Christopher Emilio Carril
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

In your recent discussions with franchisees, where has been the greatest focus in terms of the
opportunities for continued improvement moving forward? So are these conversations mainly focused on
continued operational improvements and efficiencies? Or is the focus beginning to turn to other demand-
driving opportunities from here, like menu innovation or loyalty?

Christopher J. Kempczinski
President, CEO & Director

Sure. It's definitely on the latter. I think we have done a great job, and credit to franchisees across
the globe, around grabbing the opportunity to improve how our restaurants are running. As we were
mentioning earlier, we see customer satisfaction scores in, I think, 8 out of our top 11 markets are up and
up by pretty significant amounts. I think all of that is credit to the operational modifications that we've
made. But as we've now, I think, gotten those embedded, there is an opportunity for us to get aggressive
in going after share. And that's the marketing war chest that I talked about earlier, but that's getting on
the front foot on things like affordability.

And so that conversation does vary market by market, depending on what's going on. But I think the
mentality for us now is that we have gotten the business to a good position. I think regardless of whether
we enter a recession, don't enter a recession, whether we have a resurgence, we don't have a resurgence
of the virus, all of those things are going to vary by country. Our mindset needs to be now pivoted
strongly toward going after share because I think that's the opportunity that we have.

Mike Cieplak
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Our next question is from Matt DiFrisco with Guggenheim.

Matthew James DiFrisco
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

My question is on delivery, and I just wanted to know about how that's progressed. And as the mobility in
the U.S. has improved and people are going to the drive-thru more and getting out and about, if you've
seen delivery actually either come down as a percent of sales or absolute dollars?

And then I just wanted a clarification. I think you said before that 70% of the business was dine-in in the
international market. Or is that 70% purchases in store, so not necessarily sitting down and dining, but
grabbing and going as well, from an in-store purchase?

Christopher J. Kempczinski

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MCDONALD'S CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

President, CEO & Director

Yes. Let's get Kevin in on the action here. Kevin?

Kevin M. Ozan
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So on the delivery, I'd say across the board, really in basically every one of our markets, certainly
every one of our significant markets, we are seeing delivery as a percent of sales go up. I mentioned
in my remarks Australia specifically growing to about -- to almost 10% of sales. And we've got several
markets on the international side at that 10% or above even.

The U.S. isn't at 10% of sales, but it has grown significantly during the pandemic. So -- and that's even
with drive-thru growing significantly, et cetera. So we're not seeing either drive-thru take away from
delivery or delivery take away from drive-thru. Both are growing significantly. And again, that's a pretty
consistent theme around the world, I'd say. Again, overall delivery as a percent of sales, the U.S. is a little
lower certainly than most of our international markets, but growth across the board.

The second question was...

Christopher J. Kempczinski
President, CEO & Director

70%.

Kevin M. Ozan
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

Oh, yes, the 70% of restaurants. The 70% that I mentioned of our international markets is in restaurant
ordering, meaning that they were going in the restaurant, some of those were eating in and some of
those were taking away, but they were actually ordering at the front counter, at the kiosk in the restaurant
versus going through the drive-thru. So it wasn't all dine-in. It was just kind of in-restaurant ordering,
which again could mean front counter or could mean kiosks.

Mike Cieplak
Senior Director of Investor Relations

We'll take one last question from Peter Saleh with BTIG.

Peter Mokhlis Saleh
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

Can you guys talk a little bit about the federal assistance that's being paid out, if you guys think there's
any benefit that you're seeing, that you can see in your numbers from the weekly unemployment benefits
that the Fed has been giving out that's set to expire soon?

And then just lastly, if there's any comment you guys can make on financing environment for franchisees,
both in the U.S. and globally, their access to capital, has that been curtailed at all? Or any sort of impact
given the virus concerns?

Christopher J. Kempczinski
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Peter. I'll take the first part, and then Kevin can close out with the second. But as you think about
the government programs, they've certainly been helpful when the first checks got cut on the $600 in the
U.S. I mean I think the impact of that was pretty apparent very quickly. Now to some degree, it is built
into kind of the trends that we're seeing. But the prospect of it rolling off, I think our expectation would be
for the same reasons that it was stimulative when it first was put in, that there would be some negative
implication if that were to roll off.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

MCDONALD'S CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Now whether a rolling off of -- it went from $600 to $200, I don't know if we're that good to parse the
details to that degree. But there certainly was a benefit, not just in the U.S., but we've seen it in a number
of other markets around the world, that the government fiscal policy has had a positive benefit on comp.

And then, Kevin, I'll talk -- pass it to you for the financing environment.

Kevin M. Ozan
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

Yes. On financing for our franchisees, in general, our franchisees are still able to get financing pretty much
around the world as they need it. They have access to capital certainly. And one of the positives that we've
seen in the U.S., it's even. That's why we're actually continuing to do those EOTF projects and that the
franchisees want to invest in the businesses. They've got cash flow, they have access to capital and are
willing to invest. So we haven't seen any drying up of financing pretty much around the world.

I'd say that, but I'd also say we do have some international markets where, again, they were closed for
potentially a couple of months even at a time, and some individual franchisees would have taken on some
heavy debt over the last several years between EOTF projects, potentially purchasing restaurants, et
cetera. So there are individual organizations that I'd say are a little stretched, but it isn't the lack of access
to capital. It's really just kind of working through their ratios.

Mike Cieplak
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Okay. Thank you, Chris and Kevin. Thanks, everyone, for joining. That will conclude our call. Have a good
day.

Operator
This does conclude McDonald's Corporation investor conference call. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

MCDONALD'S CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

