McKesson Corporation NYSE:MCK
FQ2 2022 Earnings Call Transcripts
Monday, November 01, 2021 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2022-

-FQ3 2022-

-FY 2022-

-FY 2023-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

4.66

6.15

Revenue  (mm)

63218.10

66576.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-01-2021 4:34 AM GMT

31.97

5.31

4.79

20.32

21.24

64567.20

252991.66

259233.36

FQ3 2021

FQ4 2021

FQ1 2022

FQ2 2022

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

4.13

5.05

4.14

4.66

4.60

5.05

5.56

6.15

11.38 %

0.00 %

34.30 %

31.97 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 01, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Britt J. Vitalone
Executive VP & CFO

Rachel Rodriguez

ANALYSTS

Brian Gil Tanquilut
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Charles Rhyee
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Eric R. Percher
Nephron Research LLC

George Robert Hill
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Jailendra P. Singh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Kevin Caliendo
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Lisa Christine Gill
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Michael Aaron Cherny
BofA Securities, Research Division

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Steven James Valiquette
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 01, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to McKesson's Q2 Fiscal 2022 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded.

At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Rachel Rodriguez. Please go ahead.

Rachel Rodriguez

Thank you, Sarah. Good afternoon, and welcome, everyone, to McKesson's Second Quarter Fiscal 2022
Earnings Call. Today, I'm joined by Brian Tyler, our Chief Executive Officer; and Britt Vitalone, our Chief
Financial Officer. Brian will lead off, followed by Britt, and then we will move to a question-and-answer
session.

Today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, such as forecasts about McKesson's operations
and future results. Please refer to the cautionary statements in today's press release and our slide
presentation and to the Risk Factors section of our periodic SEC filings for additional information
concerning risk factors that could cause our actual results to materially differ from those in our forward-
looking statements.

During this call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Additional information about our non-GAAP
financial measures, including a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP results, is included in today's
press release and presentation slides, which are available on our website at investor.mckesson.com.

With that, let me turn it over to Brian.

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Thank you, Rachel, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our second quarter
call today. We are happy to report another strong quarter for McKesson driven by continued market
improvements and underlying fundamentals of our businesses. We achieved double-digit adjusted
operating profit growth in all 4 segments based on a strong operating performance and alignment across
the enterprise. As a result of our second quarter performance, our confidence in the second half of the
fiscal year and McKesson's continued role in the COVID-19 response efforts, we are raising our guidance
range for fiscal 2022 adjusted earnings per diluted share from $19.80 to $20.40 to a new range of $21.95
to $22.55.

We continue to believe we will see a return to pre-COVID pharmaceutical prescription and patient
engagement levels in the second half of our current fiscal year. We're encouraged by the trends
we continue to see across primary care, specialty and oncology patient visits, in addition to overall
prescription volumes. We are pleased to see our markets are recovering in line with our original
expectations. Our enterprise-wide focus on our company priorities is driving operating performance and
furthering the advancement of our long-term growth. I would like to take the time today to talk about
each of our company's priorities.

First, we have a focus on our people and the culture, which is guided by our ICARE and ILEAD values.
These values include a commitment to both our local and global communities, our customers and the
health care industry to innovate and deliver opportunities that make our customers more successful, all for
the better health of patients.

Along with these values, we're committed to fostering an inclusive workplace that celebrates our
differences and respects the diverse world in which we live and work. As an organization, we continue to
be committed to diversity, equity and inclusion. Through a more diverse and inclusive workplace, we're a
stronger, a more creative and a more productive team.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 01, 2021

At McKesson, our priority has been the health and safety of our employees, and we're deeply committed
to supporting our team members across the organization, which is why I am incredibly pleased to have
announced McKesson's first-ever day of wellness, which we call Your Day, Your Way. This will take place
this Friday, November 5. We understand that mental, physical and emotional well-being are of the most
importance to our team, so we made the decision to set aside a special day to help ensure our employees
can rest, recharge and take time for themselves. We're so grateful for all the contributions from the team
over the last 19 months. McKesson employees continue to be in the center of the fight against COVID-19,
and we want to make sure everyone gets a chance to take a well-deserved break.

Our second priority is to strengthen our core pharmaceutical and medical supply chain businesses. Across
North America, we have a best-in-class pharmaceutical supply chain. As a reminder, in the U.S., we have
a scale distribution presence that delivers roughly 1/3 of prescription medicines each day. Our operational
excellence and our ability to leverage our scale with global suppliers is one of the many reasons why
McKesson continues to be the partner of choice for hospitals, health systems and pharmacies of all size.

We strengthen our business when we strengthen our customers and partners. This past quarter, we
held our annual McKesson ideaShare educational event, which brought together independent pharmacy
operators to help them learn new skills, how to grow strategically and how to operate efficiently. The
virtual experience helped 2,000 independent pharmacies prioritize education and networking, which we
believe will shape the future of community pharmacy and strengthen the independent business for the
better.

In Canada, we've been the leader in health care-related logistics and distribution for 100 years, and we
support hospitals, community and retail pharmacies to ensure that medication is always available. We're
a leader in medical distribution to alternate site markets, and our footprint in the U.S. health care is
underpinned by our strong sourcing and supply chain capabilities. We deliver medical and surgical supplies
and services to over 250,000 customers. Our pharmaceutical and medical distribution businesses continue
to play an integral role in the pandemic response efforts, and our capabilities have been highlighted
through our evolving partnership with the U.S. government's COVID-19 vaccine distribution, kitting and
storage programs.

I'm glad to say that the fundamentals in our core business remains solid, and our execution has continued
to improve as we accelerate our growth and work to deliver high-quality, resilient supply chains to our
customers.

Our third company priority is to simplify and streamline the business. We're prioritizing the areas where
we have deep expertise and are central to our long-term growth strategies, largely within the North
American market. As a result, we made the decision to fully exit McKesson's businesses in the European
region. In July, we announced that we have entered into an agreement to sell our European businesses
in France, Italy, Ireland, Portugal, Belgium and Slovenia to the PHOENIX Group. Today, we're announcing
that McKesson has made the decision to sell our U.K. retail and distribution businesses as a whole. The
transaction is expected to close in Q4 of fiscal 2022, subject to customary closing conditions, including
receipt of required regulatory approvals. We believe this step toward a full exit of our European business is
an important milestone in our strategy as a streamlined, efficient, focused organization.

Building upon the foundation of a strong company culture and a stable business, the last company priority
encompasses our 2 strategic growth pillars. We are investing to advance our oncology and biopharma
services, which includes building integrated ecosystems that leverage our differentiated assets and
capabilities, and our strategic focus on these 2 pillars is important as both of these areas have good
inherent growth opportunities.

McKesson's oncology ecosystem supports over 14,000 specialty physicians through distribution and
GPO services, and we are the leading distributor in the community oncology space. We have over 1,400
physicians in the U.S. oncology network spread over approximately 600 sites of care in the U.S.

Within our oncology ecosystem, Ontada generates insights at the intersection of technology and data and
supports community providers with precise cancer care by improving patient outcomes and delivering
evidence and insights to help accelerate life sciences research. The ecosystem helps the clinicians

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 01, 2021

to provide better care in an increasingly complicated oncology care landscape by helping them grow
their businesses, attract more patients and produce better health outcomes. We can then leverage
interconnected technology and real-world insights to feed data back upstream to manufacturers which can
help them think about identifying new products, innovations and new markets.

Within the biopharma ecosystem, the Prescription Technology Solutions businesses leverage technology
networks and access to provider workflows to serve biopharma and life sciences partners and patients. We
have built this ecosystem over many years as it includes assets like RelayHealth Pharmacy, CoverMyMeds
and RxCrossroads. It allows us to connect providers, payers and patients together to focus on access,
adherence and affordability solutions.

Our 2 strategic pillars of oncology and biopharma services are not just businesses or products, but
fundamentally, a suite of solutions that solve long-standing problems in ways that bring more speed,
impact and efficiency. We will continue to invest and accelerate the execution against those strategies
which support the long-term growth for McKesson. I'm confident in the progress against our company's
priorities that they will enable the advancement of our growth.

Before I turn to our second quarter results, just a brief update on our Board of Directors. In September,
our Board of Directors welcomed Dr. Richard Carmona as a new independent director. Dr. Carmona has
a strong focus on improving public health care and extensive experience in clinical sciences, health
care management and emergency preparedness, which led to his nomination and unanimous Senate
confirmation as the 17th Surgeon General of the United States from 2002 until 2006. Currently, Dr.
Carmona is Chief of Health Innovations at Canyon Ranch and a professor of public health at the University
of Arizona. His hands-on health care experience will be invaluable for McKesson's Board of Directors.

Now I want to turn to the business performance within the second quarter. We are pleased with our strong
second quarter performance, and we remain encouraged by the underlying fundamentals in our business.

Let me start with U.S. Pharmaceutical, where our solid results for the second quarter reflected continued
improvement of prescription trends, which were in line with our expectations. Within specialty oncology
visits, we saw an exit rate of pre-COVID levels, which, again, was in line with our expectations. The
U.S. Pharmaceutical segment saw a 12% adjusted operating profit growth, which was underpinned
by the distribution of specialty products to providers and health systems and the contribution from
our successful COVID-19 vaccine distribution operations. We are in a strong position to continue to
support the government and private enterprise in the future for distributing COVID and flu vaccines, and
our investments in the distribution business continue to be showcased through our successful vaccine
response. Through October 28, our U.S. Pharmaceutical business has successfully distributed over 311
million Moderna and Johnson & Johnson COVID-19 vaccines to administration sites across the United
States and to support the U.S. government's international donation mission.

In Prescription Technology Solutions, the business continued to perform well this quarter as our
technology and service offerings have accelerated the support and growth of our biopharma customers,
and we've been successful in adding new brands to our platforms. The segment had excellent momentum
and delivered a 38% increase to adjusted operating profit growth during the second quarter. In addition to
the operational strength, I'm proud to say that we are helping patients get access to the therapies through
our market-leading technology offerings in this segment.

In Medical-Surgical, we saw an increase in COVID-19 tests, an improvement in patient care visits, and
we announced we are expanding our work with the U.S. government through a new kitting and storage
contract. Our Medical-Surgical business remains well positioned to continue to support the government
as needed. The growth in our Medical-Surgical segment is reflective of strong top line performance and
underlying business improvement.

As it relates to International, the segment had solid adjusted operating profit growth, benefiting from both
local COVID programs and a new partnership with one of Canada's largest retailers. We are partnering
with local governments to distribute and administer COVID-19 vaccines. And through September, we've
distributed over 58 million vaccines to administration sites in select markets across our international
geographies. As a reminder, excluding our planned divestitures in Europe, we have businesses in Norway,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 01, 2021

Austria, Denmark and Canada in our International segment. For our remaining European businesses, we
are exploring strategic alternatives as we align future investments to our growth strategies.

Before I close, I'd like to update you on the status of the proposed opioid settlement. Recently, we
announced that enough states have agreed to settle to proceed to the next phase, which is the subdivision
sign-on period. During this phase, each participating state will offer its political subdivisions, including
those that have not sued, the opportunity to participate in the settlement for an additional 120-day
period, which ends January 2, 2022. We are pleased with this important step, and we believe the
settlement framework will allow us to focus our attention and resources on the safe and secure delivery of
medications and therapies while expediting the delivery of meaningful relief to the affected communities.

In closing, I'm encouraged as we continue to make progress and accelerate growth as we advance
our company priorities. Our underlying distribution business have stable fundamentals, great teams
and strong execution. We're investing in what we believe are 2 good growth markets where we have
differentiated capabilities, and we look forward to sharing more of those successes and proof points with
you at our upcoming Investor Day.

Thank you for your time. And with that, I'm going to turn it over to Britt for a few additional comments.

Britt J. Vitalone
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Brian, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to be here today to discuss our fiscal
second quarter results, which reflects strong performance and momentum across the business driven by
operational excellence and execution against our growth strategies. This momentum can be seen in each
of our segments.

A summary of our second quarter results and updated guidance assumptions can be found in our earnings
slide presentation, which is posted on the Investors section of our website.

Let me start with an update on Europe. This morning, we announced that we've entered into a definitive
agreement to divest our retail and distribution businesses in the U.K. to Aurelius for approximately
$438 million. The ultimate proceeds from this transaction are subject to certain adjustments under the
agreement. Therefore, the proceeds may differ from the announced purchase price.

McKesson will continue to operate these businesses and record revenue and income until the transaction
is closed, which is expected to occur in our fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, pursuant to the satisfaction
of customary closing conditions, including receipt of regulatory approvals. The assets involved in this
transaction contributed approximately $7.8 billion in revenue and $64 million in adjusted operating profit
in fiscal 2021. The net assets included in the transaction will be classified as held for sale. The held-for-
sale accounting will be effective beginning with our fiscal 2022 third quarter. We will remeasure the net
assets to the lower of carrying amount or fair value, less costs to sell, and we estimate that this will result
in a GAAP-only charge of between $700 million to $900 million in our third quarter of fiscal 2022. Due to
held-for-sale accounting treatment, we will discontinue recording depreciation and amortization on the
assets involved in the transaction. This impact is not included in the fiscal 2022 outlook provided today.

This transaction provides us the focus to pursue the growth strategies of oncology and biopharmaceutical
services in North America. And as Brian mentioned, we remain committed to a full exit of our European
businesses, which includes announced transactions to the PHOENIX Group and Aurelius, as well as our
remaining operations in Norway, Austria and Denmark.

Let me now turn to our second quarter results. Before I provide more details on our second quarter
adjusted results, I want to point out 2 additional items that impacted our GAAP-only results in the quarter.
First, we recorded a GAAP-only after-tax charge of $472 million related to our agreement to sell certain
European businesses to the PHOENIX Group to account for the remeasurement of the net assets to the
lower of carrying amount or fair value, less costs to sell. This transaction is expected to close within
the next 12 months. Also, during the quarter, we recorded an after-tax loss of $141 million on debt
extinguishment related to the successful completion of a bond tender offer.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 01, 2021

Moving now to our adjusted results for the second quarter, beginning with our consolidated results, which
can be found on Slide 7. Our second quarter results were highlighted by strong operating performance,
which included record revenue and double-digit adjusted operating profit growth across all segments. We
are encouraged by the ongoing market improvement in both prescription volumes and patient visits which
we observed in our second quarter. These improvements are supported by our strategic agenda, setting us
on a path of disciplined growth.

In our work to support the U.S. government's COVID-19 domestic and international vaccine and kitting
efforts continues to contribute to growth, in addition to the momentum we have built across the business.

Second quarter adjusted earnings per diluted share was $6.15, an increase of 28% compared to the prior
year. This result was driven by the contribution from COVID-19 vaccine and kitting distribution and growth
in the Medical-Surgical Solutions segment, partially offset by a higher tax rate. Second quarter adjusted
earnings per diluted share also includes net pretax gains of approximately $97 million or $0.46 per diluted
share associated with McKesson Ventures' equity investments as compared to $49 million in the second
quarter of fiscal 2021.

Consolidated revenues of $66.6 billion increased 9% above the prior year, principally driven by growth
in the U.S. Pharmaceutical segment, largely due to increased pharmaceutical volumes, including growth
in specialty products and our largest retail national account customers and partially offset by branded to
generic conversions.

Adjusted gross profit was $3.3 billion for the quarter, up 12% compared to the prior year. Comparable
adjusted gross margin for the quarter was up 10 basis points versus the prior year. Adjusted operating
expenses in the quarter increased 4% year-over-year, and adjusted operating profit of $1.3 billion for
the quarter was an increase of 34% compared to the prior year and reflected double-digit growth in each
segment.

Interest expense was $45 million in the quarter, a decline of 10% compared to the prior year, driven by
the net reduction of debt in the quarter.

Our adjusted tax rate was 18.8% for the quarter, which was in line with our expectations.

In wrapping up our consolidated results, second quarter diluted weighted average shares were $155.8
million, a decrease of 5% year-over-year.

Moving now to our second quarter segment results, which can be found on Slides 8 through 13, and
I'll start with U.S. Pharmaceutical. Revenues were $53.4 billion, an increase of 11% year-over-year as
increased pharmaceutical volumes, including growth in specialty products and our largest retail national
account customers, were partially offset by branded to generic conversions. Adjusted operating profit
increased 12% to $735 million driven by growth in the distribution of specialty products to providers
and health systems and the contribution from COVID-19 vaccine distribution. The contribution from
our contract with the U.S. government related to the distribution of COVID-19 provided a benefit of
approximately $0.28 per share in the quarter, which was above our original expectations.

In the Prescription Technology Solutions segment, revenues were $932 million, an increase of 40%, driven
by higher biopharma service offerings, including third-party logistics services and increased technology
service revenue, partially resulting from the growth of prescription volumes. Adjusted operating profit
increased 38% to $144 million driven by organic growth from access and adherence solutions.

Moving now to Medical-Surgical Solutions. Revenues were $3.1 billion, an increase of 23%, driven
by increased sales of COVID-19 tests and growth in the Primary Care business. Adjusted operating
profit increased 52% to $319 million driven by growth in the Primary Care business, increased sales of
COVID-19 tests and the contribution from kitting, storage and distribution of ancillary supplies for the U.S.
government's COVID-19 vaccine program. The contribution from our contract with the U.S. government
related to the kitting, distribution and storage of ancillary supplies for COVID-19 vaccines provided a
benefit of approximately $0.14 per share in the quarter, which was above our original expectations.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 01, 2021

Next, let me address our International results. Revenues in the quarter were $9.1 billion, a decrease of
5%, primarily driven by the contribution of McKesson's German wholesale business to a joint venture
with Walgreens Boots Alliance, partially offset by volume increases in the pharmaceutical distribution and
retail businesses. Excluding the impact of the contribution of our German wholesale business, which was
completed in the third quarter of fiscal 2021, segment revenue increased 13% year-over-year and was up
9% on an FX-adjusted basis. Adjusted operating profit increased 41% year-over-year to $163 million.

On an FX-adjusted basis, adjusted operating profit increased 34% to $155 million driven by the
discontinuation of depreciation and amortization on certain European assets classified as held for sale
beginning in the second quarter of fiscal 2022. The held-for-sale accounting in our International business
contributed $0.13 to adjusted earnings in our second quarter of fiscal 2022.

Moving on to Corporate. Adjusted corporate expenses were $83 million, a decrease of 39% year-over-
year, driven by gains of approximately $97 million or $0.46 from equity investments within our McKesson
Ventures portfolio. This quarter, we had fair value adjustments related to multiple portfolio companies
within McKesson Ventures. Compared to fiscal 2021, gains from McKesson Ventures contributed $0.24
year-over-year.

As previously discussed, it's difficult to predict when gains or losses on our Ventures portfolio of companies
may occur. And therefore, our practice has been and will continue to be to not include Ventures portfolio
impacts in our guidance.

We also reported opioid-related litigation expenses of $36 million for the second quarter and anticipate
that fiscal 2022 opioid-related litigation expenses will be approximately $155 million. Consistent with
the proposed settlement announced in July, we also made the first annual payment into escrow of
approximately $354 million during the quarter.

Let me now turn to our cash position, which can be found on Slide 14. We ended the quarter with a cash
balance of $2.2 billion. And for the first 6 months of the fiscal year, we had negative free cash flow of
$109 million. In Q2, we completed several debt transactions. In July, we redeemed a 600 million euro-
denominated note prior to maturity. In August, we completed a cash-funded upsized tender offer, which
resulted in the redemption of $922 million principal outstanding debt. And finally, we completed a public
offering of a note in the principal amount of $500 million at 1.3%. These actions align with our previously
stated intent to modestly delever and to further strengthen our balance sheet and financial position.

Year-to-date, we made $279 million of capital expenditures, which included investments to support our
strategic pillars of oncology and biopharma services. For the first 6 months of the fiscal year, we returned
$1.4 billion in cash to our shareholders through $1.3 billion of share repurchases and the payment of $134
million in dividends. We have $1.5 billion remaining on our share repurchase authorization and continue
to expect diluted weighted average shares outstanding to range from 154 million to 156 million for fiscal
2022.

Let me transition now and speak to our outlook for the remainder of fiscal 2022. For our full list of fiscal
2022 assumptions, please refer to Slides 16 through 19 in our supplemental slide presentation. As a
result of our strong first half performance and our outlook for the remainder of the year, we are raising
our previous adjusted earnings per share guidance range for fiscal 2022 to $21.95 to $22.55, which is
up from our previous range of $19.80 to $20.40. Our updated outlook for adjusted earnings per diluted
share reflects 27.5% to 31% growth from the prior year, and our guidance assumes growth across all of
our segments.

Additionally, fiscal 2022 adjusted earnings per diluted share guidance includes $2.30 to $3.05 of impacts
attributable to the following items: $0.50 to $0.70 related to the U.S. government's COVID-19 vaccine
distribution, which is an increase from the previous range of $0.45 to $0.55; $0.80 to $1.10 related to
the kitting storage and distribution of ancillary supplies, an increase from the previous range of $0.50 to
$0.70, as discussed at a recent conference; $0.50 to $0.75 related to COVID-19 tests and impairments for
PPE-related products; and approximately $0.49 from gains and losses associated with McKesson Ventures
equity investments within our Corporate segment year-to-date. Excluding the impacts of these items from
both fiscal 2022 guidance and fiscal 2021 results, this indicates 20% to 29% forecasted growth.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 01, 2021

Let me provide a few additional assumptions related to our guidance. We continue to expect prescription
and patient engagement volumes will return to pre-COVID levels in the second half of our fiscal 2022,
which is in line with our original guidance. In the U.S. Pharmaceutical segment, we now expect revenue to
increase 8% to 11% and adjusted operating profit to deliver 4.5% to 7.5% growth over the prior year.

We continue to see stable fundamentals. Specifically, our outlook for branded pharmaceutical pricing
remains consistent with our original guidance and the prior year of mid-single-digit increases in fiscal
2022. And our view is that the generics market remains competitive, yet stable, as our volumes have
continued to improve in the September quarter.

Our guidance includes contribution related to our role as a centralized distributor for the U.S.
government's COVID-19 vaccine distribution. This includes work preparing vaccines for international
missions. Our current outlook remains aligned to the volume distribution schedule provided by the CDC
and the U.S. government. The current guidance excludes booster shots due to the timing of the recent
approvals, as well as vaccines for pediatrics, which have not been approved by the CDC. We will continue
to update you on the progress and contribution from this program. When excluding COVID-19 vaccine
distribution in the segment, we expect approximately 3% to 6% adjusted operating profit growth. In
addition, our investments in our leading and differentiated position in oncology will continue to represent
an approximate $0.20 headwind in fiscal 2022.

In our Prescription Technology Solutions segment, we see revenue growth of 31% to 37% and adjusted
operating profit growth of 23% to 29%. This growth reflects the strong service and transaction momentum
in the business.

Now transitioning to Medical-Surgical. Our revenue outlook assumes 8% to 14% growth and adjusted
operating profit to deliver 35% to 45% growth over the prior year. As mentioned previously, our outlook
includes $0.80 to $1.10 related to the contribution from the U.S. government's distribution of ancillary
supply kits and storage programs and $0.50 to $0.75 related to COVID-19 tests and PPE impairments-
related products. Excluding the impacts from these items from both fiscal 2022 guidance and fiscal 2021
results, this indicates 13% to 19% forecasted growth.

One additional note related to our U.S. distribution businesses. One of the pillars of our enterprise
strategy is talent, the ability to attract and retain the best workforce in health care. The labor market
remains competitive, and we have assumed a modest expense impact to ensure there is continued service
continuity through the holiday season and the back half of our fiscal year. Therefore, the guidance that
we're providing today includes approximately $0.10 to $0.20 of adjusted operating expense impact for
labor investments in our U.S. distribution businesses in the second half of the year.

Finally, in the International segment, our revenue guidance is 1% decline to 4% growth as compared to
the prior year. As a reminder, this reflects the impact of the contribution of our German wholesale business
to a joint venture with Walgreens Boots Alliance. For adjusted operating profit, our guidance reflects
growth in the segment of 39% to 43%, which includes approximately $0.38 of expected adjusted earnings
accretion in fiscal 2022 as a result of the held-for-sale accounting related to our agreement to sell certain
European assets to the PHOENIX Group. It also includes our strong performance in the second quarter and
the contribution from COVID-19 vaccine distribution in the segment.

Turning now to the consolidated view. Our increased guidance assumes 8% to 11% revenue growth and
18% to 22% adjusted operating profit growth compared to fiscal 2021. Our full year adjusted effective tax
rate guidance of 18% to 19% remains unchanged, and we anticipate corporate expenses in the range of
$610 million to $660 million.

On our May 6 earnings call, we outlined an initiative to rationalize office space in North America, to
increase efficiencies and to support employee flexibility. We've made good progress against this initiative.
And based on this progress, we now expect earlier benefits from these actions, resulting in the realization
of annual operating expense savings of approximately $15 million to $25 million in the second half of fiscal
2022 with annual savings of $50 million to $70 million when fully implemented. These savings will be
realized across all of our segments.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 01, 2021

Let me now turn to cash flow and capital deployment. We expect free cash flow of approximately
$3.5 billion to $3.9 billion in fiscal 2022, which is net of property acquisitions and capitalized software
expenses. As a reminder, historically, we generate the majority of our cash flows in the fourth quarter of
our fiscal year. This strong cash flow generation provides the financial flexibility to execute a balanced
capital allocation approach, investing in our strategies of oncology and biopharma services, positioning our
business for long-term growth while remaining committed to returning capital to shareholders through our
dividend and share repurchases. Our investment-grade credit rating remains a priority and underpins our
financial flexibility.

In closing, we are encouraged by our strong performance in the first half of our fiscal year. The
momentum across the business, including our partnership with the U.S. government, positions us to
deliver the updated fiscal 2022 outlook provided here today.

Finally, we're looking forward to providing additional details on our strategies and the strength of our
businesses at our upcoming Investor Day on December 8.
Thank you for your time, and now I'll turn the call over to the operator for your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 01, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] l And we'll take our first question from Lisa Gill with JPMorgan.

Lisa Christine Gill
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Congratulations on a great quarter. Britt, I appreciate your comments around what you're seeing as far as
wage inflation goes, but one of the other questions we've gotten around inflation is around freight costs.
Can you remind us of how that works between the manufacturer and the drug distributor and if you'll bear
any of those costs from a distribution perspective? Or is it just the manufacturer that bears that cost? Are
you able to pass it on to the customer? Just any color around that would be helpful.

Britt J. Vitalone
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks for your question, Lisa. Certainly, we will bear some cost for freight. We've been able to pass
that on. To this point in time, both our pharmaceutical and our medical business, responsible for the
freight from our distribution locations to our customers. And to this point, we've been able to manage
through that without any material impact in our guidance for the rest of the year assumes that, that will
continue. We did call out the incremental labor impact, the investment that we're making to make sure
that we have continuity through the rest of the year. But as it relates to freight, we are responsible from

[Technical Difficulty]

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Operator, can you go on with the next question, please?

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, you will hear music for just a brief moment while we reconnect the speaker's line.

We'll take our next question from Michael Cherny with Bank of America.

Michael Aaron Cherny
BofA Securities, Research Division

First of all, the call cut off, so I don't know if you got a chance to finish Lisa's question on freight. I don't
know if you want to highlight that again. And then I guess, just from my perspective, I don't want to get
too far ahead of things, especially with the Analyst Day coming up, but I appreciate all the breakout you
have on the strong work tied to all of the COVID-related elements.

I know one of the questions that I guess will come up is what that means into next year given that you
outlined some of the benefits that you're seeing, specifically this year, that with all our states, we all hope
that don't -- growth trajectory into next year. Is there any way to think about that $230 million to $305
million and how we have to think about that as a whole in terms of your overall growth versus what your
core business will continue to do?

Britt J. Vitalone
Executive VP & CFO

Mike, this is Britt. Thanks for hanging in there. Let me just get back to Lisa's question, just to finish that
up. We are responsible for the freight from our distribution centers to our customers. To this point this
year, we have not had an impact in our financial statements as a result of increased freight, and we don't
expect any of that in our guidance as well.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 01, 2021

So just to be clear on that, we did call out for you investments that we're making in labor in the back half
of the year so that we can ensure the holiday season and the back half of the year for our customers has
continuity.

As it relates to your question, Mike, what we've really tried to do here is to provide you some clarity
on those items that are related to our distribution of COVID vaccines and ancillary kits, as well as the
increase that we've seen in COVID test kits, which have varied quite a bit from quarter-to-quarter over the
last year. We've tried to isolate those for you so that you can have a good view into the operations of our
core business.

I would remind you that the first quarter this year was lapping a very low quarter from the prior year,
which was really the first quarter post the COVID pandemic. So the growth that you're seeing this year,
while strong, includes the first quarter, which lapped a very low quarter due to COVID in FY '21. So we'll
provide more detail for you on sort of the core components of each of the segments at our Investor Day.
We're very pleased with the performance that we've seen thus far. Our core businesses performed well.
But again, I just would remind you that, in addition to that, we did have that low quarter lapping Q1 of
last year.

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Question, Michael, was just about the vaccine and kitting operation. We continue to run that operation
at the direction of the CDC in accordance with the schedules, production schedules that they give us.
It's obviously been quite dynamic over the past months. We are prepared, and we'll continue to run that
operation as long as the CDC sees value in it and ask us to do it.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Charles Rhyee with Cowen.

Charles Rhyee
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Yes. Wanted to ask a little bit about Prescription Technology Solutions. Obviously, very strong growth here
in the quarter, and you raised for the full year outlook. When we look at sort of the -- like Slide 4, and you
talk about the various services within -- in this for biopharma services, can you kind of highlight which of
the ones are really driving the growth here? Obviously, some of it is tied to prescription utilization, and I
know that we are still kind of coming out of the COVID period. But maybe any comments around growth
among some of these various services and i guess just a sense on which ones will benefit as we continue
to kind of recover from the COVID levels.

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Thank you for the question. Look, we continue -- this business is responsive to absolute levels of activity
relative to prescription volumes in the market. We continue to see benefits from the prior investments
we've made. And these technology services offerings, we do see good underlying growth across the
portfolio.

Clearly, we've benefited from the recovery in COVID-19-related pandemic volumes, and honestly, some
of the policy decisions payers would have made around the way they manage prior authorization. We're
really seeing that market kind of return to pre-COVID level kinds of conditions and requirements coming
out of the payers. So we believe as patients continue to start on new prescriptions, this business is well
positioned to support the access and adherence to those medications, and we will continue to invest from
that. We are seeing returns on some of the investments we highlighted for you in previous calls and things
like AMP. And then there are components of this business that we haven't talked much about, like 3PL, and
we saw strong 3PL growth in the quarter.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 01, 2021

We'll take our next question from Kevin Caliendo with UBS.

Kevin Caliendo
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

So I was wondering, it looks like in the slide presentation, the non-COVID pharma growth estimate is
slightly lower. It's now 3% to 6% versus 5% to 8% at the end of 1Q. Can you just walk us through what
the delta -- what's changed there? I know part of it is probably labor, but it doesn't explain it all. And then
maybe do the same for Med-Surg, which is also now higher than what you saw or expected at the end of
1Q.

Britt J. Vitalone
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks for that question, Kevin. Let me just maybe point out a couple of things. First of all, we're
pleased with the continued performance of our U.S. Pharmaceutical segment. The momentum there is
really good.

There's a couple of things that we called out for you or I called out for you in my opening comments. First
of all, the investments that we're continuing to make in our oncology business, in Ontada, called that
out as a $0.20 headwind year-over-year. And then as I also talked about and you referenced, the labor
investments that we made into our business, our U.S. distribution businesses. Those 2 things really had an
impact on the growth of U.S. Pharma.

And in our medical business, we're really pleased with not only the performance against the U.S.
government program and the increase in COVID test kitting, which is really reflective of the strength of
our lab solutions business, but we're pleased with the performance of our Primary Care business and the
core business underneath our medical business, in addition to the labor investment that I called out. So
both businesses continue to have good momentum.

In the case of our U.S. Pharmaceutical business, continuing to invest in oncology as well as the labor
investment. In our medical business, really continuing to leverage the strength of the lab business and the
investments we made there, and we're seeing good performance in our Primary Care business.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Eric Percher with Nephron Research.

Eric R. Percher
Nephron Research LLC

Question on the brands marketplace or maybe brand pricing in particular. I think you've made it pretty
clear that the book is no longer tied in a material way to brand price increases. Given the reimbursement
and policy debate going on, can you remind us what your view is of what could happen if we saw a change
in list prices, particularly a downward change, and how you may or may not be exposed to that?

Britt J. Vitalone
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks for the question, Eric. Maybe I'll start and take the first part of that question, and Brian can maybe
respond to the policy piece. You're right. We've continued to evolve our business over really the last
several years in terms of tying the services that we provide to our customers and for our manufacturers to
the pricing and the agreements that we have. And it is less -- the brand inflation is less impactful than it
has been in the past. We've talked about that a lot over the last few years.

As it relates to really the policy piece, Brian, I'll maybe let you talk about that.

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 01, 2021

Yes. Just to build on that comment before we move on, I mean, I think one of the tenets we've always
held through multiple changes and dynamics in the industry over my career here is that our services
provide real value. And regardless of how, what sorts of mechanisms get changed in the marketplace, we
will continue to be paid fair market value for those services.

As it relates to the public policy debate, and it's as dynamic now as ever, I suppose, I think the main
issues that we're discussing are issues that, frankly, have been long discussed. I mean we are active
at the company with elected officials on both sides of the aisle on key policy priorities. We track these
discussions very carefully. We're always advocating for the role of care being provided in the community.
We obviously have very strong presences in the community channels, but we believe that, fundamentally,
that's where you get the best access, the best care and equally good quality.

We have been at the forefront in many of the experiments, I suppose you could call them, think about
USAN and our value-based care. We've had robust participation in the oncology care model that's
delivered substantial benefit to CMS.

So I think the mix is -- it's really -- it's not exactly clear where this will go. I think we have a lot of assets.
We're engaged in the discussion. We'll find a way to navigate through them as they unfold. I mean, right
now, I think these issues have been long discussed and well discussed.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies.

Brian Gil Tanquilut
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Congratulations. I just have one question. Britt, as we think about the investments in labor that you called
out, it sounds like it's a back-half thing. Is it a bonus structure? Or is this a reset in the wage rates that we
should be thinking about as we start thinking about our models for fiscal '23?

Britt J. Vitalone
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks for the question, Brian. We're just going to guide today to fiscal 2022. We thought that this
was an investment that was important for our frontline associates, for our delivery drivers and others to
get us through 2022 with continuity. We're not guiding anything beyond that. So I think you'd take this
as an important investment to make sure that our customers have a continued service that they would
expect from McKesson through the holiday season and the back half of the year.

Operator

We'll move on to our next question with George Hill, Deutsche Bank.

George Robert Hill
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I guess, Brian, I would ask you, or Britt, like I know that you guys have said -- been on the record in the
past, just talking about not wanting to enter any big new businesses. But as you continue to retrench
away from Europe with a focus towards the United States, I guess is there any rethinking of the capital
deployment priorities or an appetite for maybe bigger transactions?

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Well, I would start by saying that I don't think our overall capital deployment strategy has changed. We
take a balanced approach to capital deployment. We want to prioritize strategic growth. We think we've
got a really clearly defined strategy. We've laid out what we consider our strategic growth areas. And
assuming the alignment to those strategies and assuming they meet our disciplined financial review,
process and create value for our shareholders, we would love to be deploying capital against those
strategies.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 01, 2021

We obviously always balance that against returning capital to shareholders through stock buybacks and
our modestly growing dividend. But we think we've really identified -- we had a set of differentiated
assets in good markets focused in North America. When we execute against, we'll deliver at the long-term
growth that we're looking for. So a strategic alignment, financial discipline, that's really what drives capital
deployment.

Britt J. Vitalone
Executive VP & CFO

And I think what you're seeing here by our actions is a focus on return on invested capital, really making
sure that -- where we allocate capital that finds the highest returns in the company. And our actions, thus
far, that you've heard us talk about the last couple of quarters have been focused on divesting and moving
capital away from lower-returning assets to higher returning assets, and to Brian's point, our right on
strategy.

Operator

From Steven Valiquette with Barclays.

Steven James Valiquette
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

So within the Med-Surg segment, clearly, a lot of variables driving the strong profit growth there. On Slide
10, you mentioned the increased Primary Care business as one of those drivers. Are you able to comment
just on the current level of patient volumes in the quarter, either as a percent of the pre-COVID baseline,
either for your customer base or just your assessment of the overall U.S. marketplace for physician patient
visits?

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Yes. I mean, I'll start, and Britt can add some comments if he'd like. Obviously, we think about patient
visits. We think about elective procedures. We think about then primary care versus specialty. I would say,
generally, we have been pleased with the market recovery. It's recovering in line with how we expected it
to at the outset of the year. It is -- we think it's continuing to strengthen, but as we'll reach in the second
half of our year, like what we call, I guess, people call pre-COVID levels. So we think we're more or less
right in line with our expectations, and we're really pleased with the performance of the Medical-Surgical
business.

Operator

Will come from Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Yes. So a quick follow-up on your last comment. You said pre-COVID levels, second half of your fiscal year
for the Med-Surg business. How should we think about when do we get to pre-COVID levels for the drug
distribution? It sounded like specialty is already there. But how should we think about the segment in its
entirety and core? So that was kind of like the follow-up question.

And then you're hosting the Analyst Day in December. So maybe can you give us a sense of granularity
around what should we expect from the day next month?

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Do you want to start with Pharma, and I'll take the...

Britt J. Vitalone
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 01, 2021

Yes. I think similar to Medical, we are pleased with the performance of volumes. They are approaching
pre-COVID levels in the pharmaceutical prescription volumes as we expected. So I think as we look to the
rest of the year, we expect that these prescription volumes will get back to what we guided originally in
May, which is in line with those pre-COVID levels.

So we're continuing to see improved performance and improved volumes across all -- both brands,
specialty and as well as generics. We expect that, that will continue in the second half of the year.

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Great. And as it relates to Investor Day, we are really excited to be able to have an Investor Day. We're
going to host it December 8 in New York City. Probably would have done it sooner, but it's been quite a
crazy environment for the last 18 or 20 months.

In terms of what we hope to see is we really want to bring some more members of the management
team, the executive team that have been leading the results that we've had a great chance to review
with you, the team that's been responsible for developing these strategies. We want to provide just a
little bit more insight and granularity into each of our growth strategies and some of our core distribution
businesses, and we plan to begin to outline our long-term growth prospects. So we think it's going to be a
great day. We hope you can all join us.

Operator

We have one final question from Jailendra Singh, Credit Suisse.

Jailendra P. Singh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Yes. Just want to make sure I understand what is in and what is not in the guidance with respect to
vaccine benefit? It seems you're not including the benefit from vaccines designated for kids or booster
shot. Is that true on both vaccine distribution benefit and the benefit related to the kitting storage and
ancillary supplies as well? Just trying to understand if you see a reasonable adoption of boosters and
vaccine among kids, will that drive incremental revenue in both Pharma and Med-Surg?

Britt J. Vitalone
Executive VP & CFO

So your first part of the question, I think, answered your question. We are not including -- we have
provided guidance based on what the CDC has provided to us. And at this point, that does not include
boosters and pediatric vaccines.

Operator

Thank you, and there are no further questions.

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Okay. Well, thank you, Sarah, and thank you, everyone, for the great questions and for joining our call.

I want to conclude my remarks today by just underscoring that we're hosting an Investor Day on
December 8, and we hope everyone will get a chance to join us and tune in. We're going to have our
leadership team there, the team that's been responsible for building the momentum in the business and
executing the strategies that have been put in place. We will spend some quality time on our oncology and
biopharma strategic growth pillars. I think it's going to be a great day. We are really excited to be with
everyone and see you.

I also don't want to let this call lapse without thanking the McKesson team for their incredible work and
their dedication as we round out the first half of our fiscal year. That's where the real work gets done, and
I'm so proud of them. So thanks, everyone. I hope you have a great evening.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 01, 2021

Operator
Thank you for joining today's conference call. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 01, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

