McKesson Corporation NYSE:MCK
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, February 04, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

3.49

3.81

Revenue  (mm)

59103.43

59172.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-04-2020 12:59 PM GMT

9.17

0.12

4.19

14.59

15.60

55860.92

228442.26

237341.15

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

3.66

3.01

3.59

3.49

3.69

3.31

3.60

3.81

0.82 %

9.97 %

0.28 %

9.17 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Britt J. Vitalone
CFO & Executive VP

Holly Weiss
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Brian Gil Tanquilut
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Charles Rhyee
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Robert Patrick Jones
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Elizabeth Hammell Anderson
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Stephen C. Baxter
Wolfe Research, LLC

Eric R. Percher
Nephron Research LLC

Eric White Coldwell
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Lisa Christine Gill
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Michael Aaron Cherny
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to McKesson's Q3 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this
time, I'd like to turn the call over to Holly Weiss. Please go ahead.

Holly Weiss
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Jack. Good morning, and welcome, everyone, to McKesson's Third Quarter Fiscal 2020
Earnings Call. Today, I'm joined by Brian Tyler, our Chief Executive Officer; and Britt Vitalone, our Chief
Financial Officer. Brian will lead off, followed by Britt, and then we will move to a question-and-answer
session.

Today's discussion will include forward-looking statements such as forecasts about McKesson's operations
and future results. Please refer to the cautionary statements in today's press release and our slide
presentation and to the Risk Factors section of our periodic SEC filings for additional information
concerning risk factors that could cause our actual results to materially differ from those in our forward-
looking statements.

During this call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Additional information about our non-GAAP
financial measures, including a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP results, is included in today's
press release and presentation slides, which are available on our website at investor.mckesson.com.

With that, let me turn it over to Brian.

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Thank you, Holly. And good morning, and thank you, everyone, for joining us on our call this morning.
Before I get into our third quarter results, I wanted to take a few minutes to provide a brief update on
opioid litigation.

As you know, we've been engaged in complex discussions with the state attorney generals and others
about a settlement framework with the goal of achieving a broad resolution of opioid-related claims. Those
discussions continue to narrow what's left to address to achieve resolution on all the items that remain.
However, to the extent our efforts to reach a broad resolution settlement framework are unsuccessful,
McKesson continues to be prepared to litigate and vigorously defend the mischaracterization that our
company drove the demand for opioids in this country. McKesson remains firmly committed to being part
of the broader solution to this crisis. Given, however, the discussions and litigation are ongoing, I'll be
somewhat limited in what I can say. I do appreciate your understanding.

Now let's get to our business results. Today, we reported third quarter total company revenues of $59.2
billion. Our adjusted earnings per diluted share was $3.81. And I'm pleased with our third quarter and
year-to-date execution across the majority of our businesses in our fiscal 2020.

Also today, we reaffirmed our fiscal 2020 full year outlook of $14.60 to $14.80 of adjusted earnings per
diluted share which we first provided on January 13. This reflected -- this update reflects our outlook for
growth in our U.S. Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions segment, primarily driven by specialty; strength
in our Medical-Surgical segment; lower-than-anticipated corporate expenses; and the benefit from share
repurchase activity in the third quarter.

Our U.S. Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions segment performed well in the quarter, reflecting stable
macro fundamentals and good execution and was aided by the continued strong growth across our
specialty businesses. Let me walk you through the recent trends from an industry fundamental standpoint.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

For the third quarter, we saw branded price increases tracking in line with our expectations, and we
continue to assume mid-single-digit branded price increases year-over-year for fiscal '20. For generics, we
remain disciplined in our approach to the market, we are sourcing effectively through our scaled sourcing
venture, and the sell-side remains competitive but stable.

I'd like to take a moment to acknowledge how pleased we are that the VA announced in December, it had
again selected McKesson to be the prime pharmaceutical vendor beginning in August 2020. We have been
the VA's prime pharmaceutical vendor for veteran hospitals and the department's mail order pharmacies
for more than 15 years. This is a great point of pride for McKesson, and we're dedicated to hiring veterans
and helping them build their careers after their service.

At McKesson, we have many employee resource groups celebrating and leveraging the diversity of
our workforce. The McKesson Military Resource Group, or MMRG as we refer to it internally, provides
opportunities for all employees to recognize and welcome veterans and their families to McKesson. MMRG
offers networking opportunities; facilitates personal and professional development; supports McKesson's
recruitment, hiring and retention of veterans; and sponsors events within our communities for active duty
military and veterans. I want to thank McKesson's veterans, and every veteran really, for their service.
We're very proud to serve the VA, and we look forward to continuing our longstanding partnership.

Moving to specialty. As you've heard me discussed at several recent events, we have a differentiated
portfolio of assets and capabilities that we've built over time with targeted internal and external
investments.

First, we distribute specialty pharmaceuticals via the traditional wholesale model to retail and hospital
pharmacies. And although these products are margin rate-dilutive, we benefit from this growth at the top
line and in our gross profit dollars.

Next, we distribute specialty products that are primarily infused in the community-based setting and
typically require special handling, including temperature control. We also provide other services like group
purchase organization activities, data and technology services in oncology and other multi-specialty
practices.

And then we have our leading practice management business, specifically, the U.S. Oncology Network,
which now includes more than 1,200 oncology physicians, providing 12% to 13% of all community-based
oncology care. We handle all aspects of managing the practice so that the physician can focus on treating
the patient. In addition, we're active in clinical trials, research and formulary development.

The practice management business, combined with the wholesale distribution and specialty product
distribution and services business, are the scaled channels we leverage to provide services and solutions
to our many biopharma partners, including commercialization, hub and patient assistance services. We
help manufacturers find patients that are appropriate and relevant for care, help them get started on
that therapy sooner and work to keep them adherent to that therapy for the course of their treatment.
This results in a patient getting the best possible outcome from their treatment. These services not
only support better outcomes for patients, but they also provide tremendous value to our manufacturer
partners.

We're really pleased with the growth we're seeing across these businesses, and we remain focused on
specialty as a key tenet of our strategic direction. We're also pleased that we're returning to growth in
the U.S. Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions segment in fiscal 2020 while continuing to invest in our
future.

Now let me turn to Europe. In mid-December, McKesson and Walgreens announced a joint venture
agreement that we expect will bring together our respective wholesale operations in Germany. After a
review of our business in Germany, we believe this is the right course of action as the combined business
will have large reach and scale, driving increased efficiency and performance in a market where scale
is vitally important. The transaction is subject to merger clearance and approval, and that process is
expected to take at least 6 months from the time of the announcement. As such, this transaction will not
have any impact on adjusted earnings in our current fiscal year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

In the U.K., we continue to monitor the retail pharmacy funding dynamics. As we detailed earlier in the
fiscal year, the retail pharmacy industry experienced underfunding by the NHS in our first quarter. While
there was a modest improvement in our fiscal second quarter, further upward revisions have not yet
been implemented. We continue to monitor the situation in the U.K. closely and engage in active dialogue
with the NHS related to industry funding and the role pharmacy can play in managing NHS's overall cost,
quality and access challenges. Outside of the U.K., we're continuing to see performance in line with our
expectations for the other countries in this segment.

Next, our Medical-Surgical business. Again, this quarter, we had good growth across multiple markets
such as our home care delivery business and product categories, including pharmaceutical sales into the
primary care space. Customers are repeatedly choosing McKesson because of our relentless focus on
providing what they need to take care of their patients. We differentiate ourselves in the marketplace
through innovation and a focus on operational excellence, breadth of product and service offerings, along
with one of the largest and most tenured sales forces in the industry.

We also saw an early start to the influenza season in the third quarter, which we are continuing to monitor
for severity and duration.

In addition, our results continue to reflect the integration of the MSD acquisition, which we lapped during
our first quarter, and our focus is now on driving synergies. This acquisition continues to perform in line
with its business case.

Turning to Other, which primarily consists of Canada, McKesson Prescription Technology Solutions,
sometimes referred to as MRxTS, and our investment in Change Healthcare.

In Canada, we're now capturing the benefits of previous actions we've taken, including our investments
in people and in reconfigured pharmacy formats as community pharmacy plays an important role in
Canadian health care. And market fundamentals are stable, which helped to drive growth in our wholesale
operations year-over-year. In addition, McKesson Canada also has broad specialty assets and capabilities
and we are well positioned to participate in the growth of specialty in the Canadian market.

Moving on to MRxTS, which is a key area of investment. We're making investments to ensure we have the
right product and personnel resources in place to support the growth trajectory of these businesses, and
we're looking to launch new products that leverage our existing technologies and build upon them. As we
look at how MRxTS is performing year-to-date, we're pleased with the growth in the business, which is net
of several investments we are making to drive and support our future growth.

Let's move on to Change Healthcare. As we've discussed previously, we continue to take the customary
steps towards an exit of our investment in Change Healthcare. As part of the exit process, registration
statements were filed today with the SEC. The previously discussed timing expectations are unchanged,
and this is simply a necessary step as we move through the process of exiting our investment in Change
Healthcare.

Recently, you've heard me talk about aligning McKesson under one vision to improve care in every setting,
one product, one partner, one patient at a time. We've been transforming and energizing the culture at
McKesson. We've got a great collaborative work space at our new headquarters in the Dallas area. We
rolled out new enterprise behaviors, building on the already strong foundation of our ICARE and ILEAD
values and getting everyone aligned around our strategy and how we want to work together to execute it.

We're looking to become a simpler, more focused and nimbler organization. We've centralized some
of our functions and are looking at ways to work more efficiently and to utilize technology for day-to-
day tasks that can be automated, freeing up time to focus on strategy, work that drives value for the
organization and better leverages our teams. We're seeing great execution across the enterprise, including
cost savings, as we track towards our target of $400 million to $500 million in gross pretax savings by the
end of our fiscal 2021.

Our organization has rallied around these efforts, and it's showing in the culture and the results. I could
not be prouder of the McKesson team. And with one quarter to go in fiscal '20, I'm confident in our
reaffirmed adjusted earnings outlook of $14.60 to $14.80 per diluted share.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

As we look forward, we're in the initial stages of planning for our fiscal 2021. Let me walk through some of
the things we're thinking about.

The timing and impact of the exit of our investment in Change Healthcare as exit activities are currently
underway.

For customer renewals, the VA contract goes into effect in August 2020. As a reminder, we have stated
that this new contract will not be a material headwind to our fiscal 2021 outlook.

We are continuing to progress against our cost savings target, with a portion of those savings falling to the
bottom line and a portion being reinvested for growth.

And finally from a capital allocation perspective, we would anticipate benefits from share repurchases
completed in fiscal 2020.

As you think about the market and the macro perspective in the U.S., we're entering an election year and
we'll make assumptions related to any potential impact we might expect based on our analysis, including
related to drug pricing trends. McKesson will continue to engage with policymakers and industry partners
to ensure that any reforms support solutions to improve cost, quality and access. The policy landscape
remains a dynamic environment, and we remain confident in McKesson's path forward.

As it relates to the U.K., we're continuing to monitor the market environment and NHS funding as well as
Brexit activities. We will review our businesses and expectations, including the impact of external factors
and will provide our fiscal 2021 outlook in May when we report fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2020
earnings.

Before I turn the call over to Britt, I want to take just a moment to thank Kathy McElligott, who just
retired from McKesson. In her role as Chief Information and Technology Officer, she helped McKesson
increase its focus on data and analytics and accelerate our technology modernization. Kathy, thank you for
your contributions to McKesson.

And on the flip side, I'd like to also welcome Nancy Flores, who is succeeding Kathy as CIO and CTO.
Nancy has a long track record of success in health care IT, and we look forward to utilizing her experience
as we remain focused on our mission to improve health care in every setting by leveraging technology
solutions for our company, our customers and our business partners.

And with that, let me turn the call over to Britt to go through the financials.

Britt J. Vitalone
CFO & Executive VP

Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to be here this morning to talk about a
solid third quarter for McKesson. I'll focus on our third quarter results and full year fiscal 2020 guidance,
including changes you need to consider as you update your models. Brian walked you through high-level
puts and takes as we think about our fiscal '21 guidance, and we'll provide detailed assumptions for fiscal
'21 when we report fourth quarter and full year results in May.

We're pleased with our adjusted operating profit and adjusted earnings per diluted share results in
the third quarter, which were ahead of our expectations and represent solid execution. We continue to
see momentum across the business as we execute against our strategic initiatives. As a result of this
momentum and based on the confidence in our fourth quarter outlook, on January 13, we raised and
narrowed our fiscal 2020 adjusted earnings outlook to a range of $14.60 to $14.80 per diluted share from
the previous range of $14 to $14.60 per diluted share. And today, we're reaffirming that adjusted earnings
per diluted share guidance. Updated guidance assumptions can be found in our third quarter earnings slide
presentation, which is posted on our Investors section of our website.

Before I provide more details on our third quarter adjusted results, I want to address one item that
impacted our GAAP-only results in the quarter. During the third quarter, we recorded a pre- and post-
tax charge of $282 million for the remeasurement to fair value of the net assets from the majority of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

McKesson's German wholesale business in relation to the expected formation of a new German wholesale
joint venture with Walgreens Boots Alliance.

Moving now to the adjusted earnings results for the quarter. Our third quarter adjusted EPS was $3.81,
an increase of 12% compared to the prior year which was primarily driven by organic growth in U.S.
Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions segment, the Medical-Surgical segment and the European
segment.

To better understand our third quarter results, let me remind you of 2 discrete events in our prior year
third quarter, both within our U.S. Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions segment. First, the $60 million
pretax charge related to the bankruptcy of Shopko; and second, a pretax benefit of approximately $17
million related to the reversal of accrued New York State Opioid Stewardship Act charges. If you normalize
for these 2 items, Q3 fiscal 2020 adjusted earnings per diluted share increased 7%.

Moving to the details of our consolidated results on Slide 4. Consolidated revenues for the third quarter
increased 5% versus the prior period, primarily driven by growth in our U.S. Pharmaceutical and Specialty
Solutions segment, driven by branded pharmaceutical price increases and higher retail national account
volumes. We continue to anticipate mid to high single-digit percent consolidated revenue growth for the
full year.

Third quarter adjusted gross profit increased to 4% year-over-year, principally due to organic growth in
our Medical-Surgical and U.S. Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions segments. Third quarter adjusted
operating expenses increased 3% year-over-year, driven by higher corporate expenses which include
planned technology investments. Adjusted income from operations was $958 million for the quarter, which
was up 4% year-over-year or 5% on an FX-adjusted basis. As a result of this solid performance and our
updated outlook, we are guiding full year adjusted income from operations to increase a low single-digit
percent.

Interest expense of $64 million in the quarter declined 4% compared to the prior year. And our adjusted
tax rate was 17.1% for the quarter, which included discrete tax benefits of approximately $36 million. For
the full year, our adjusted tax rate assumption remains approximately 18% to 19%.

Wrapping up our consolidated results. Our third quarter diluted weighted average shares were 180 million,
a decrease of 8% year-over-year. During the quarter, we completed approximately $500 million of share
repurchases, bringing our year-to-date total share repurchases to $1.9 billion. As a result, we now expect
diluted weighted average shares of approximately 183 million for the year.

Next, I'll review our segment results, which can be found on slides 5 through 8. Before I start with my
review of the segments, including updated full year guidance, I want to reiterate that we provide full year
guidance and do not provide quarterly guidance. As a reminder, there are a number of items, particularly
in our largest segment, U.S. Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions, that can cause fluctuations on a
quarter-to-quarter basis. While this can make comparing year-over-year results on a quarterly basis
difficult, these items do tend to balance out over the course of the year. These items include customer
volumes, customer and product mix, brand price increases and the timing of discrete tax items. We
anticipate that there could be additional fluctuations in our fourth quarter results.

Let me now start with U.s. pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions. Revenues were $46.9 billion for the
quarter, up 6%, driven by branded pharmaceutical price increases and continued growth by our largest
retail national customers, partially offset by branded to generic conversions. Third quarter adjusted
operating profit increased 11% to $658 million, primarily driven by the execution and growth in our
differentiated portfolio of specialty businesses.

As I mentioned earlier, there were 2 discrete items included in our prior year third quarter results: A $60
million pretax charge related to the bankruptcy of Shopko and a pretax benefit of approximately $17
million related to the reversal of accrued New York State Opioid Stewardship Act charges. If you adjust
for these 2 prior year items, the segment adjusted operating profit was up 3.5% year-over-year in the
quarter. Also as a reminder, this is the final quarter in which we are lapping the effects of the lost Shopko
earnings, which was approximately $8 million per quarter in terms of operating profit.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

The segment adjusted operating margin rate was 140 basis points, an increase of 6 basis points. On
a year-to-date basis, the segment adjusted operating profit is up 7%. If you adjust for the prior year
impact of the $60 million pretax charge related to the bankruptcy of Shopko and the prior year earnings
contribution of approximately $24 million from 3 quarters of Shopko results, segment adjusted operating
profit increased 5% year-to-date.

For the third quarter, brand-priced activity trended in line with our expectations. Additionally, based on
manufacturer price actions taken in January, we are maintaining our full year fiscal 2020 assumption
of brand priced increases to be in the mid single-digit percent range. I would remind you that our
branded pharmaceutical contracts are primarily fixed fee-for-service rate in nature, and as a result, our
compensation with branded manufacturers is less impacted by price increases when compared to several
years ago.

To wrap up this segment, given the underlying strength in the quarter and the year-to-date performance,
we have confidence that segment adjusted operating profit growth will be on the high end of the
previously provided range of 3% to 5% growth for fiscal 2020.

Next, European Pharmaceutical Solutions. Revenues were $6.9 billion for the quarter, which was flat year-
over-year. On an FX-adjusted basis, revenues increased 3%, driven primarily by market growth in the
pharmaceutical distribution business. Segment adjusted operating profit was up 16% to $80 million,
driven in part by lower operating expenses as a result of actions previously taken to rationalize store
footprint and streamline back-office functions. The segment adjusted operating margin rate was 116 basis
points on a constant currency basis, an increase of 16 points.

Moving now to Medical-Surgical Solutions. Revenues were $2.1 billion for the quarter, which was up 6%,
driven by organic growth, led by the primary care business, including higher pharmaceutical volumes and
an earlier start to the influenza season. Segment adjusted operating profit for the quarter was up 8% to
$184 million, driven by organic growth. The segment adjusted operating margin rate was 859 basis points,
an increase of 14 basis points. Year-to-date, the segment adjusted operating profit growth is 18%. As a
result of the organic growth in the segment year-to-date, we now anticipate that the segment adjusted
operating profit for fiscal 2020 will increase by a low double-digit percent year-over-year.

And finishing our business review with Other. Revenues were $3.2 billion for the quarter, which was up
6%, driven primarily by organic growth in the Canadian wholesale business. Other adjusted operating
profit was down 4% to $214 million, in part driven by higher strategic product investments in our
Prescription Technology Solutions business or MRxTS, partially offset by growth in our Canadian wholesale
business.

Closing our segment review with Change Healthcare. Adjusted equity income from Change Healthcare
was $51 million for the quarter. As a reminder, our equity investment ownership in Change Healthcare
was approximately 58.5% in our fiscal third quarter 2020 as compared to 70% in the prior year. As Brian
mentioned earlier, registration statements were filed this morning with the SEC disclosing our intention to
exit our investment in Change Healthcare via an exchange offer. This is the next step in the process to exit
our investment in a tax-efficient manner. I direct you to today's filing for additional information.

Next, McKesson recorded $178 million in adjusted corporate expenses, which was an increase of 29%
year-over-year, driven primarily by planned technology investment, which included investments in data
and analytic capabilities.

For the third quarter, we reported net opioid-related adjusted operating expenses of $36 million, and
year-to-date, $108 million. For fiscal 2020, we continue to anticipate that opioid-related costs will
approximately be $150 million.

We continue to make solid progress against our cost-savings programs, which include a focus on our core
operating expenses by leveraging the scale of our enterprise and the continued transformation of back-
office functions. We remain on track with our previously announced annual pretax savings of $400 million
to $500 million, which is anticipated to be substantially delivered by the end of fiscal 2021. As we've

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

discussed, a portion of these savings will be reinvested back into the business, in line with our growth
initiatives, and the remaining will flow to the bottom line.

As a result of our performance year-to-date, we now anticipate adjusted corporate expenses to be in the
range of $660 million to $700 million.

Now that I've wrapped up our results, let me discuss our updated fiscal 2020 outlook. We feel really
good about our steady execution throughout fiscal 2020. The recent narrowing and increase to our fiscal
2020 adjusted earnings per diluted share to a range of $14.60 to $14.80 reflects the following: Solid core
performance in our U.S. Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions segment, driven by continued strength
across our differentiated portfolio of specialty businesses; organic growth in our Medical-Surgical segment;
improved second half performance in our European segment as compared to the prior year; lower
corporate expenses than originally anticipated; and a lower share count as a result of share repurchase
activity year-to-date.

This solid performance was partially mitigated by continued planned investments in strategic initiatives,
including: Incremental second half investment in our differentiated oncology and manufacturer services
businesses; investment in our technology products; and investment in technology infrastructure, including
data and analytics. We remain confident that we are well positioned to execute in our fourth quarter.

Turning now to cash, which can be found on Slide 10. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $2.1
billion. In the quarter, McKesson used $121 million in cash flow from operations. After deducting $154
million in internal capital investments, McKesson had negative free cash flow of $275 million. I would
remind you that our working capital metrics and resulting cash flow may be impacted by timing, including
the day of the week that marks the close of a given quarter. It is not uncommon to experience net cash
-- net use of cash during our fiscal third quarter, primarily driven by the build in inventory for the holiday
season. In our fiscal fourth quarter, we typically generate more than 2/3 of our annual operating cash flow.

During the quarter, we repurchased approximately $500 million of common stock. We've now repurchased
approximately $1.9 billion in common stock for the first 9 months of the fiscal year. The repurchase of our
common stock underpins our belief that McKesson shares are undervalued. Combined with the confidence
in our execution and our outlook, we view this as a prudent use of capital.

For the first 9 months of the fiscal year, McKesson paid $97 million for acquisition and $222 million in
dividends. We now expect internal capital investments to be in the range of $500 million to $600 million.
And we continue to anticipate free cash flow in the range of $2.8 billion to $3 billion.

In closing, we are pleased with the solid operational results of our fiscal third quarter and our performance
year-to-date. We will build on our third quarter performance and we remain confident in our business as
we focus on a strong finish to the year, which is reflected in our expected adjusted earnings per diluted
share range of $14.60 to $14.80 for fiscal 2020.

As I look at our performance over the past several quarters and our outlook for the remainder of fiscal '20,
it clearly demonstrates focus and execution against our strategy as well as continued steady improvement
in our financial results.
With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Charles Rhyee with Cowen.

Charles Rhyee
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Maybe, I can start with -- just on opioids real quickly. What are the remaining points that are being
negotiated? You kind of said that the negotiations are going well or it seems to be progressing and some
of the points are being resolved. Maybe you can give us a sense of what are some of the remaining kind of
sticking points, perhaps?

And if I understand correctly, the framework is being discussed among -- is being led by 4 state attorney
generals. During these kind of discussions, are the other constituents, let's say the other states or some
of the bigger municipalities that are in this lawsuit or part of this multi-district litigation, are they able to
sort of see the progress as well and understand what is being kind of negotiated, so that when we get to
maybe a final framework, the process for them to review and to accept is kind of in tandem? Or is that --
or is this kind of being done in a closed -- kind of a closed session and then opened up later?

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Thank you for the question, Charles. And I think the way you framed the question, naming the number of
parties or counterparties or folks involved in this discussion, helps to frame why it's moving at the cadence
that it's moving. We do continue to be in constructive dialogue with the AGs. The AGs have broadened
their group and they continue to talk amongst themselves. The good news from my perspective is the
basic framework that we've laid out is still the framework that's being discussed and the details for the
many component parts of that are progressing well.

There is still a long way to go with regard to ultimately getting as broad of AG support as we can and then
AGs themselves going to their sub-divisions and extending that broad support. So there's a lot of work
that is ongoing. The discussions are really continuous. It would be too early for me to try to project a time
line or where the finish line might be. But I am pleased that the framework that we've been negotiating
continues to be the framework. The details are progressing. And I think you -- as we get through the
coming months, we'll begin to assess what the various AG and sub-municipality positions are.

Charles Rhyee
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Great. And if I could have a follow-up, just on the core business. Obviously, you increased your outlook on
the core pharmaceutical segment here and sort of a lot of things are moving in the right direction. Is there
anything you'd point to specifically that is kind of driving the improved outlook here?

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Maybe I'll start and then Britt might want to offer a few comments. I mean, I think if you think about the
general kind of industry fundamentals, the brand price inflation has been in line with where we thought
it would be. The generic market is continuing to behave in a way that we had forecast. And by that, I
mean, our sourcing -- our scaled sourcing entity continues to produce in line with our anticipation. We
are going in the market with a very disciplined approach, reflective of the transition our industry has been
in. And we think that the competitive -- the sell side in the generics market remains stable. I mean, it's
competitive and there's pressures, but it's stable. I think we're seeing the benefits of a lot of the work and
planning that we've been -- the last several quarters, we've been executing and implementing. And so
combining that, I think, with the market fundamentals and our really good positions in specialty is driving
the results that you see.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Britt J. Vitalone
CFO & Executive VP

Maybe I might just add. I think, Brian, you hit on it here. The focus in our execution against our
differentiated assets, particularly specialty, and you talked a lot about that, I think, is really driving a lot
of this. And then I would just reiterate that our cost programs are really driving, not only in our corporate
line, but also across our segment. And so that focus is not only on our core set of differentiated assets,
but just the discipline and focus around cost across not only our corporate segments, but our business
segment.

Operator

And next will be Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies. .

Brian Gil Tanquilut
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Congrats on a good quarter. So I guess the question for me, as I think about it, Brian, you talked about
the execution and how you guys seem really positive about it. So how do you think about the runway
remaining in specialty as we head into fiscal '21? Without going into guidance specifically. And just how
you're looking at the volume outlook from the key accounts, because it sounds like that's a volume driver
that's been driving some upside as well.

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Yes. I mean, we're really pleased with our specialty businesses. We talked a few weeks ago about the
"core", the distribution of these products to hospitals and retail pharmacies, as being our biggest segment.
Clearly, we benefit there from the growth that these products have just in general. And the pipeline, if
you look at the pipeline of the innovative products coming, they tend to look that way. And as you know,
we've got established, scaled channels across both of these segments. And then if you think about the
community setting, oncology, we have a clear leading stake. We're a leader in many of the other multi-
specialty settings. They're going to benefit from that same pipeline.

And I also think, if you step up from a more macro view, if you think about the challenges that the cost
of health care represent in this country, we have a fundamental belief that to get at access, cost and
quality, care needs to continue to shift into the community-based settings. So that's where our community
provider business, I think from a macro standpoint, is well positioned. And then our U.S. oncology
business, we have particular depth and strength in oncology. And if you look at the pipeline there, that
continues to be strong. So I would say all of those things are what are giving us our confidence. But at the
bottom -- at the end of the day, it's really the execution of the business that lets you capitalize on those
macro trends and opportunities.

Brian Gil Tanquilut
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

I guess, my follow-up, Britt, you mentioned the cost cuts and the opportunities that you've found there.
So do you think there's a lot of runway left as we think about cost opportunities, both on the corporate
side and also on the operation side?

Britt J. Vitalone
CFO & Executive VP

Yes, our cost program, Brian, what we talked about, we would capture these cost savings at the end of
fiscal '21. So we're still making progress, not only in leveraging the scale of our enterprise across all of our
business units, but some of the things that we've talked about previously in terms of back-office function
transformation, there's still opportunities there as the size of our enterprise allows us to continue to work
across and collaborate and drive additional cost synergies. So I would say that, that program, as we talked
about, is -- we expect it to be substantially complete by the end of fiscal '21. However, as the business

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

grows and our focus and execution in specialty continues, there's still opportunities for us to leverage our
scale and transform our back-office functions.

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

I mean, efficiency is a core part of the way you have to run a business like this at this scale. So it is a
program that we implemented a few years ago, but most importantly, to me, it's a mindset. It's a part of
the way we think about how we manage and run the business.

Operator

And next will be Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs.

Robert Patrick Jones
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

I guess, just to go back to the segment guidance and specifically the U.S. pharma segment. It seems
like if I look at what's implied with 4Q, at the high end, it seems like you're kind of calling for year-over-
year flat EBIT there in that segment. I know there's a number of moving pieces, Britt. But maybe could
you just help us think about what the major swing factors are in 4Q? Because you guys highlighted the
business there, in particular specialty, seems to be performing well and there's some momentum, but it
seems like 4Q, you're implying at least that things could potentially slow a bit. So I just wanted to make
sure we had the moving pieces there correctly.

Britt J. Vitalone
CFO & Executive VP

Yes, sure, Bob, that's -- you're right about the implied. What I would just go back to and point out is that
I've talked about, in a business the size of ours, with customers that are growing and you have a mix
that is changing in terms of customer and product mix, we are going to see fluctuations from quarter-to-
quarter. We've seen that historically. I think we're seeing that a little bit more this year as some of our
larger retail national customers are growing a little bit faster. I think what we're pleased with, though, as
Brian talked about, there is some stability in the pricing environment, particularly with branded priced --
branded pricing. Certainly continued, some good progress against generics.

But what you should expect, as I talked about at the beginning, is that we are going to see some items
that are going to fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter. We don't manage our business that way, we manage
our business for the long haul, we look at our business on an annual basis. And these items do tend to
balance out over the course of the year. We were very pleased that we started the year with being able to
guide back to growth in this segment, and we're very pleased that given the momentum and the execution
that Brian talked about, particularly in our specialty business, we could raise that guidance today to
the upper end. So we're making good progress, but I think you should expect to continue to see some
fluctuation in our quarterly results.

Robert Patrick Jones
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

No, that's fair. And then, I guess, Brian, you opened the door to a little bit of preliminary 2021 thoughts,
and so I know we'll get more detail in May. But if I heard you correctly, it sounds like core drivers playing
out in line this year with your expectations. You guys have highlighted the VA is not a material headwind.
It sounds like cost savings will continue. Could be a benefit from capital allocation. All seem pretty neutral-
to-tailwinds. Is there any major headwinds you would have us start to contemplate as we start to think
about framing 2021 more specifically?

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Well, look, we -- as we come to May, we will try to be very thoughtful and share with you our view of
the thinking. If I think about what could materialize as headwinds, I mean, the policy arena has been

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

dynamic. Well, probably for most of my career, but certainly for my tenure as CEO. And yet while the
clouds always seem to be gathering, nothing has really materialized. I would suspect we'll hear some
commentary tonight. I think as we come into the face of a election year, we'll be evaluating not only the
policy proposals, but the politics that's around -- that sort of set the framework for the likelihood of any of
that really getting done. But to me, that's just a -- that's a normal part of being in health care, a normal
part of being in this business.

I think our European business is coming off of a good quarter, but our experience there, particularly
in NHS, has been challenges around being -- having good line of sight into how the reimbursement
mechanisms really play out. And so while we're encouraged that we have a 5-year macro agreement with
NHS for the pharmacy community there, I think underneath the nuances of the timing and the different
mechanisms that make up that framework, we'll have to continue to monitor and evaluate. So I mean,
those are the 2 things that first pop to mind. Anything you want to add, Britt?

Britt J. Vitalone
CFO & Executive VP

No, I think you've captured them correctly, Brian.

Operator

And next will be Lisa Gill with JPMorgan.

Lisa Christine Gill
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Brian, I just want to follow-up on that last point, as you talk about the policy arena. Clearly, specialty has
been a growth area, you've talked the whole call about specialty. What are your thoughts around IPI and
what it could mean to your specialty business?

And then secondly, as we think about the European markets, what have you learned from the European
markets, where it is a fixed-cost environment versus here in the U.S.?

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Great. Thanks, Lisa. I'll take the IPI business first -- the question first. So IPI is, I guess, there's been a
lot of different constructs around getting to Part B. There's been discussions of caps or limiting ASP rates,
future caps on allowable inflation. IPI would be a proposal to index what the U.S. pays based on a basket
of internationally referenced prices for various products. And I think there's even been some debate or
discussion around MFN, or most favored nation, type clauses. So the proposals have really been very wide
in the spectrum.

And without commenting on any of them specifically, I would say, first and foremost, we think any reform
in Part B should be constructed, and we work with industry, the government and our partners to advocate
for this in a way that pushes care into the community. It's clearly the low-cost, high-access setting,
and we believe it has extremely high quality as well. So it kind of hits all the 3 macro principles. And so
anything -- any reform that were to happen, in our view, should move care into the community. Anything
that would move the opposite way would be counterproductive, really, for the U.S. spend on health care in
general.

Now relative to IPI, if something were to occur, the way I think about this is, in most instances, in our
core pharma distribution, in our community provider setting, this is an implication to our customer. And
so it will be a secondary effect really from a wholesaler perspective. The one place we would have some
exposure would be in the U.S. Oncology Network, where I remind you, through our partnership, we share
in the practice economics. So we continue to watch this very closely. I'm not sure there's been a proposal
that's had more commentary and more aligned commentary to kind of come out against it because of the
impact potentially to patients and patient access and cost of care. But I suppose we'll see what we hear
tonight.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Lisa Christine Gill
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. And then just my follow-up. I just -- Britt, you talked about the Change exit as being one of the key
components to 2021. And you said it's consistent with what you've said before. Can you just remind us
what you said before on the time line of the exit?

Britt J. Vitalone
CFO & Executive VP

Sure, Lisa. So what we've said previously, dating back to our Q2 earnings call, from that point in time,
we would expect to exit our transaction in 6 to 12 months, although that it could be before the end of our
fiscal 2020. So I would reiterate that language today.

Operator

And next will be Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I had a follow-up question on the cost-cutting initiative. I think you reduced your corporate expense
guidance by about $45 million. So part of it is flow-through of cost savings to the bottom line and some
timing of investments. By our calculation, it's about $0.18 to the EPS. So as we think about the ongoing
benefit of cost-cutting, can we just kind of like run-rate that $45 million that you said in the fourth
quarter?

Britt J. Vitalone
CFO & Executive VP

Yes, let me answer that, Ricky. Certainly, we are pleased with the progress that we're making against our
cost initiatives. And I'd reiterate that we expect to generate $400 million to $500 million of savings by the
end of '21. So the cost programs are ongoing.

As I called out at the beginning of the year, there were some additional investments that we were going to
be making, particularly in the areas of information security management and data and analytics. We are
continuing to make those investments, but we're seeing good efficiency across the organization. So I don't
think you can necessarily take our performance this quarter and just run it out. We're continuing to make
investments in the business, but we're also continuing along getting the efficiencies from scale in some
of the back-office functions. So what we wanted to do today was to update our guidance based on some
of the benefits that we've seen in performance and execution, but we're continuing to make investments
along as we generate those savings.

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. And then one follow-up on Change. I mean, obviously, I understand that the exit is tax-efficient. But
can you just remind us directionally, kind of like the mechanics? Should we expect Change -- what should
we expect in term of impact? Would it be neutral to EPS, accretive or dilutive? And same, how should we
think about, just directionally, the impact to cash?

Britt J. Vitalone
CFO & Executive VP

Yes. So let me just remind you that today is a filing that is another step along our exit. We have nothing
that is included in our FY '20 guidance related to Change. So there's no additional information that I can
provide you on that. And in terms of when we exit, depending on -- regardless of how we exit, there will
be no cash impact.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

And next will be Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore.

Elizabeth Hammell Anderson
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I guess with a broader, long-term picture on the specialty side. How do we think about the -- like, the
ramp-up in sort of additional specialty services you're providing, particularly on the U.S. oncology side, but
maybe also in the core business?

And sort of are there sort of key moments that cause either providers or other customers to just sort of
take up that services? Is it something gradual? I'm just sort of looking for like a longer-term vision of that.

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Yes, it's a great question and it's obviously an area that we have some excitement about. And we have
spent, really, a good part of the last 10 or 15 years building out, some through internal development
and some through acquisition, a set of capabilities that are really oriented around helping manufacturers
identify which patients are appropriate and should be benefiting from the therapy, finding those patients
and getting them started on that therapy, and then ensuring that they stay on that therapy through the
full clinically appropriate course so that they can get the best possible outcome.

So the first good news in that is that the patient gets the best outcome. And we think it's good for the
patient and it's good for the health care system. Obviously, for our biopharma partners, that can result
in more patients benefiting from their products, that has obvious benefit to them and that's a service,
therefore, they're quite interested in paying us for it. So as we think about building off of really our
20-year experience in this marketplace, building off of the sets of assets that we've acquired for the
commercialization of these products, there's opportunities to both refine and deepen and develop the tools
we offer today.

A few weeks ago, I shared an example of a program like that, we're calling Access for More Patients,
which fundamentally is getting at the same issue, but it's doing it in a more automated, efficient way
that lets us get more -- find more patients and get them on those therapies faster. As we look at that
at the core, we think there are opportunities to expand downstream and to get earlier-stage services to
support pharmaceuticals. As we think about some of our provider segments, there's opportunity to do
some integration with providers downstream. So this is an area that we think, as you look at the pipeline,
as you look at the products, as you look at what's happening in terms of in the clinical trial space and the
fragmentation of populations, that there's going to continue to be a good opportunity here for McKesson.

Operator

And next will be Eric Coldwell with Baird.

Eric White Coldwell
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

So maybe just focus on the Med-Surg segment for a second. You've mentioned the early flu season,
consistent with peers. I'm curious if you could carve out for us what you think the incremental benefit of
early flu was or heavy flu.

And then I know it's probably a bit early and maybe an evolving situation, but coronavirus, any issues
with sourcing out of the Asia-Pac region or pricing changes, demand changes in the U.S. as maybe some
facilities pre-stock on certain gloves, gowns, masks, et cetera? Just any questions on -- or answers on
coronavirus impact so far would be interesting.

Britt J. Vitalone
CFO & Executive VP

Eric, this is Britt, I'll take the first one and let Brian comment on the second. As I talked about in my
remarks, we're really pleased with the performance of the medical business. We had good organic

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

growth really across our business, but primarily in our primary care business. And I also called out higher
pharmaceutical volumes as one of the drivers.

We did see some modest impact from early flu season. I would remind you though that typically, the
flu season has a larger impact on our fourth quarter than our third quarter. We did plan the year for a
normal flu season. So we saw a little earlier start than we had anticipated. But again, I would just remind
you that the strong core organic growth across our primary care business, which is inclusive of higher
pharmaceutical volumes, was really the driver for the performance.

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

I'll take the coronavirus. Maybe before that, we've been around this business for a long time. And we
chart every year what the flu season -- influenza season looked like in the U.S., and every season is its
own -- has its own cycle or rhythm, if you will. And so I think it's fair to say we have seen an early start.
Ultimately how that plays out will depend on the duration and the severity. And it's probably hard to
predict that right now.

Relative to coronavirus, I guess let me start by first saying our thoughts and sympathies go out to
those, particularly in China, but really Asia, that are obviously dealing with this in a very real-time
way. We at McKesson have really been working across industry partners, peers, trade associations,
government agencies for the better part of 3 or 4 weeks. So we try to jump on these things early and get
ahead of them. And so we're monitoring this very, very closely. I would remind everybody that we don't
manufacture these products. We procure them, we sell them and we distribute them. And we do have a
domestic supplier base, although the majority of the products, the masks and the disinfectants and the
gowns, are sourced from Asia or China.

I guess, fortunately or unfortunately, depending on your perspective, we've had some experience with
SARS and H1N1. And so what we're doing is implementing the protocols, the monitoring capabilities
that we've built up through these prior experiences and working in close coordination with government
agencies and industry partners to make sure we can keep this continuity of supply.

Now whether -- what that ultimately looks like depends really on how does the virus continue to
proliferate? Does it stay contained in a region? And so those are things that we just have to watch. But
we wake up every day thinking about the markets that we serve and how we make sure we have product
available for our customers that operate in those markets.

Operator

And next will be Michael Cherney with BofA Securities.

Michael Aaron Cherny
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I guess a lot of key topics have been asked. The one thing that did stand out, you highlighted the recent
success of -- on the transaction side, medical really rocking it, pretty low so far from an acquisition
perspective, at least in terms of your historical spend year-to-date. As you're heading into fiscal '21,
as you're getting rid of the Change position on the balance sheet and the ownership stake, as you
think forward of the portfolio, are there any macro trends that you think would drive some areas for
opportunities for you to go and drive inorganic growth? Or anything from a broader-picture perspective
where your customers are really asking you to pursue an area that you may not be in or in as strong as
you would like to be right now?

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Great question. I think we probably, if you think -- look back over the past few years, we came through
a cycle of pretty heavy M&A as we really bolstered some of the capabilities and assets that we thought
surrounded our specialty biopharma manufacturer value prop and our oncology business or ecosystem,
however you want to think about that. And as we've done the work to integrate those, and it's a lot of
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

work to integrate these things and to integrate them properly, in parallel, we've really been refining our
strategies.

And if you've heard me -- you've probably heard me say this before, all good M&A follows a good
strategy. And so as we've put this strategy together, we've identified the areas that we think we have
differentiated capabilities, in markets that have good overall growth prospects. So when I think about
capital deployment, so we've obviously got to deploy capital to be invested in efficiency and compliant and
safe, secure, always-on environments.

And then the second area we'd look for is growth. But those growth investments, meaning M&A
investments, have to be closely aligned to the strategy. And I think that, that's what you should expect of
us. So we like growth investments. We like growth capital to either extend our capabilities or add scale to
the places that we have capabilities.

And then we always have to balance -- I would say, your strategy can't be based on M&A because it takes
a buyer and a seller that take a price that you can agree on. So as we've looked at the market and looked
at those trade-offs, obviously the past 12 months or so, we've been favoring to deploy our capital to buy
back our shares because we think those are a great investment. But we continue to be very active in
looking for areas we can inorganically help support the growth.

Operator

And next will be Stephen Baxter with Wolfe Research.

Stephen C. Baxter
Wolfe Research, LLC

So I wanted to ask about the generics business. I mean, you guys have been very clear that gross profit
is growing here, and that appears to be a pretty different result than the rest of the industry. So from
a macro point of view, it looks to us like the broader market is relatively flat. So I was hoping to better
understand what's driving your growth here in bigger-picture terms. Are you growing generic revenue
against a backdrop of stable margins? Stable revenue with improving margins? Really any color you can
add on how you're achieving this result so we can better assess sustainability going forward would be
appreciated.

Britt J. Vitalone
CFO & Executive VP

I'll start, and certainly Brian can add on. As we've talked about previously, we're really pleased with a
couple of dimensions that lead -- that are around our generics business. First of all, we have a scaled and
efficient sourcing operation. We think we source as well as anybody. And we continue to find opportunities
from a sourcing perspective. We continue to be disciplined in a stable yet competitive environment. We
think that, that is lead -- those dynamics are leading to our ability to generate gross profit growth. We are
seeing some growth in units. And when you combine that with a scaled and stable sourcing operation and
a disciplined approach in a competitive but stable market, we think that those are dynamics that are really
helping us be very successful in the generics area.

Holly Weiss
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Operator, we have time for one more question.

Operator

Certainly. That question will come from Eric Percher with Nephron Research.

Eric R. Percher
Nephron Research LLC

A quick one on Europe. Loud and clear on expense reduction and a little benefit from the U.K. helping the
uptick this quarter on op profit. Is it correct that the German business has not been moved to discontinued

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

ops? So is that still flowing through? And at some point, would we see that a benefit or maybe a loss
might be removed from that segment when the JV is struck or approved?

Britt J. Vitalone
CFO & Executive VP

Eric, it's true, we've not moved it to discontinued operations as it doesn't qualify for discontinued
operations. I did talk about a GAAP-only charge that we took in the quarter. And we have the assets as
held for sale on our balance sheet.

Eric R. Percher
Nephron Research LLC

Okay. And can you state anything on whether that is in a loss position?

Britt J. Vitalone
CFO & Executive VP

I'd just go back to my comments in terms of the loss that we recorded from a GAAP-only perspective in
the quarter of $282 million.

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Okay. Well, I think that runs us out of time. I want to thank everyone for your great questions and your
continued interest in McKesson. I want to thank Jack for facilitating this call.

To conclude, McKesson continued to execute well in the third quarter, and we remain confident in our fiscal
2020 outlook. I am extremely proud of how our employees are embracing the Team McKesson culture, and
I want to thank them for everything they do day in and day out, not only to deliver these results, but most
importantly, to improve care in every setting we serve.

Thanks again for your interest in McKesson. We will release fourth quarter earnings results in early May.
Look forward to talking to you then. Goodbye.

Operator
Thank you for joining today's conference call. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

