Mondelez International, Inc. 

NasdaqGS:MDLZ
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, July 27, 2021 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.65

0.66

Revenue  (mm)

6413.75

6642.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-25-2021 5:10 PM GMT

1.54

3.56

0.73

2.92

3.13

7036.20

28358.57

29370.90

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.62

0.67

0.69

0.65

0.63

0.67

0.77

0.66

1.61 %

0.00 %

11.59 %

1.54 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Dirk Van de Put
Chairman & CEO

Luca Zaramella
Executive VP & CFO

Shep Dunlap
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Kenneth Bryan Zaslow
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Michael Scott Lavery
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Sunil Harshad Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the Mondelez International Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.
Today's call is scheduled to last about 1 hour, including remarks by Mondelez management and the
question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Shep Dunlap,
Vice President, Investor Relations for Mondelez. Please go ahead, sir.

Shep Dunlap
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. With me today are Dirk Van de Put, our Chairman and CEO;
and Luca Zaramella, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our press release and presentation slides, which
are available on our website. During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's
performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially
due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our
10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more details on our forward-looking statements.

As we discuss our results today, unless noted as reported, we'll be referencing our non-GAAP financial
measures, which adjust for certain items included in our GAAP results. In addition, we provide our year-
over-year growth on a constant currency basis unless otherwise noted. We're also presenting revenue
growth on a 2-year CAGR basis to provide better comparability given the impact of COVID on 2020
results. You can find the comparable GAAP measures and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our
earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation.

In today's call, Dirk will provide a business and strategy update. Then Luca will take you through our
financial results and outlook. We will close with Q&A.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Dirk.

Dirk Van de Put
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Shep, and thanks to everyone for joining the call today. Firstly, I want to acknowledge our
colleagues, our suppliers and our customers around the world who continue to navigate through the
pandemic, particularly in markets where COVID vaccines are not yet widely available. We continue to work
hard to accelerate access to vaccines for our colleagues and sincerely appreciate everyone's efforts to
maintain the supply and availability of our products.

We had a strong first half, executing our strategy well and leveraging our advantaged enablers to deliver
against our growth drivers. The strong first half gives us the confidence to raise our full year revenue
growth outlook to 4% plus. We are seeing improving mobility trends in many places, helping to drive
recovery in areas such as World Travel Retail and Gum & Candy that was negatively impacted last year. We
also see continued strong demand for the categories and channels that experienced elevated demand last
year due to COVID.

Once again, this quarter, we have demonstrated that our strategy is working as it is driving a virtuous
cycle that is consistently delivering a profitable, volume-driven top line and bottom line growth as well as
good returns to our shareholders. We are leveraging our revenue growth management capability, which
is particularly important in this inflationary environment to generate fuel for continued investment in our
brands and capabilities. And we continue to reshape our portfolio to further increase our focus on snacking
as well as to accelerate our long-term growth rate.

To this end, we announced in Q2 an agreement to acquire Chipita, which I will speak more about later.
After this strong first half of the year and strong previous years, I remain even more confident that we
have the right strategy and are taking the right actions to deliver continued and accelerated growth.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

Turning to Slide 5 and the headlines of our financial performance. We grew revenue by 6.2% in the
quarter and 5% for the half lapping 3.7% growth in the first half of 2020. Despite cost inflation, which
continues to be a factor in our sector, we grew gross profit faster than revenue. We achieved this through
volume leverage, pricing actions and continued cost discipline. This profitable growth funded another
quarter of double-digit increase in working media spend.

Our A&C investment, combined with our advantaged portfolio of brands and excellent execution, continued
to deliver strong share performance. On a 2-year cumulative basis, we are gaining or holding share
across 75% of our revenue year-to-date. And in terms of cash generation and capital return, we increased
our free cash flow by $300 million versus half 1 of last year and returned $2.4 billion of capital to
shareholders, an increase of $0.9 billion versus half 1 2020.

Adding the Q2 revenue growth to our track record of performance since launching our strategy in late
2018, you can see on Slide 6 that we are now averaging a 4% quarterly growth rate. We achieved this
by pivoting from a cost and percentage margin focus to a volume-led growth and profit dollar focus, by
increasing clarity and accountability in the company through a simplified local-first commercial model
where decisions are made closer to the consumer, by stepping up the investment levels in our brands and
capabilities, and by better aligning our incentives to our strategy to stimulate growth-driving behaviors
and a winning culture.

Driving sustained growth requires remaining close to the consumer and being informed by consumer
insights, which I will discuss on Slide 7. As we enter the second half, consumer behavior around the
world is still shaped by COVID, where gradual shifts in behavior continue to drive strong demand for our
snacks. Globally, we are some distance away from reaching a new normal, and recovery is uneven, largely
dependent on availability and adoption of vaccines.

Comfort and mental well-being remain as important as they have been throughout this pandemic, and
that is leading consumers to reach for the snack brands they know and love. Variety, convenience, value
and nutrition have returned as decision factors as countries begin to reopen. Mobility is increasing as
restrictions ease, but at-home consumption remains elevated, and it appears that higher levels of working
from home and shopping online are here to stay. More time at home, the desire for trusted and comforting
brands, and the return of impulse and on-the-go consumption are driving sustained growth in our core
categories. Year-to-date, the biscuit category has a 2-year average yearly growth rate of nearly 4% and
chocolate is growing almost 6%.

Solidly growing core categories are the first of a long runway of growth opportunities that we have
illustrated on Slide 8. The runway is long, and we are realizing these opportunities by leveraging our
strong enablers such as increased brand investment, higher quality and purpose-led marketing, and
pricing ability. As a consequence, this quarter, we continue to make progress against our key growth
drivers. These include driving category growth and share gains in our core categories through impactful
partnerships like the Premier League with Cadbury in the U.K., the U.S. Olympics team with Oreo and the
NBA with Trident.

Also expanding our presence in key channels like digital commerce, which grew 14% this quarter on a
reported basis after close to triple-digit growth last year. We are also expanding our presence in emerging
markets where we continue to gain distribution in key countries like China and India with another 60,000
and 20,000 stores added this quarter.

We are increasing our exposure to high-growth segments where we are underrepresented, for example,
premium, where we have recently integrated Tate's onto our U.S. DSD system and are seeing the benefits
through accelerated strong double-digit growth this year. And finally, we are also increasing our foothold
in adjacent categories like cakes and pastries, where we are now realizing the potential of acquisitions like
Give & Go in North America. We are also launching innovations like Oreo muffins.

Moving to Slide 9. Let me speak for a minute about the attractiveness of the packaged cakes and pastries
category and our expansion into it. This is a $65 billion category, growing at or above the rate of our
core snacks categories. It also has attractive profitability. Both cakes and pastries typically have a higher
net revenue per kilogram than cookies. It is a close adjacency to our core biscuit capabilities, and it

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

is a fragmented category, which provides a clear opportunity for a company with the right brands and
capabilities to gain a leadership position.

The #1 and #2 players have a market share below 10%, and following the acquisition of Chipita, we will
be the #3 player. And finally, we believe we can add value and premiumize the category by leveraging our
brands, and you can see a few examples of that on the slide.

Starting with LU in Europe, the #1 cookie brand in France, which is now building its presence in the cakes
and pastries aisles. That includes the well beloved Petit Beurre biscuit reimagined as a soft cake. And
recently, the brand is expanding even further into waffles in the highly incremental pastries space.

On Oreo, we have recently expanded from our core cookies into cupcakes, doughnuts and more by
leveraging our Give & Go platform in North America. Our products bring the Oreo taste and quality.

And finally, Milka, the #1 chocolate brand in France, Germany and Austria, which we initially took into the
cookie aisle through our chocobakery innovation. Milka has now expanded into soft cakes like brownies
and will soon expand into croissants through the Chipita acquisition. And you can imagine we will do the
same with Cadbury in the countries where Cadbury is our main chocolate brand.

We firmly believe that the leadership position in the cakes and pastries category can contribute to an
accelerated growth rate for our company. And between our core brands and recent acquisitions, we have
the tools to succeed.

Now let's dive a little deeper on Chipita on Slide 10. We're very excited about acquiring this attractive
portfolio, which is led by the 7Days brand. It is a $600 million business, growing high single digit and
skewed towards European emerging markets with strong potential to expand its presence in many other
geographies. The portfolio is predominantly prepackaged croissants, which give us greater exposure to
the breakfast or pre-lunch consumption occasion. We have clear revenue synergies with Chipita including
distribution and co-branding, and we believe there is other attractive innovation in the pipeline. We also
expect to realize efficiency opportunities.

This will be our seventh acquisition since 2018, which will combine to add $1.5 billion of revenue to our
business. We also sold down a further $1 billion of KDP stock in Q2, which will part fund the Chipita
acquisition. We look forward to welcoming Chipita onboard and believe this business can be a strong
growth engine.

In conclusion, as you can see from our first half performance, executing our strategy continues to deliver
strong results. I am confident that we are well positioned to deliver consistent and profitable growth for
years to come.

With that, I will hand over to Luca for more details on our financial performance.

Luca Zaramella
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Dirk, and good afternoon. Our second quarter performance was strong across the board.
We delivered robust top line growth, healthy gross profit dollar growth that allowed reinvestment in our
brands and attractive free cash flow. Revenue for the quarter increased by 6.2%. Growth was broad based
and volume led. Pricing, which was favorable across all regions, was also a key contributor. Emerging
market performance was strong, growing more than 16% for the quarter and more than 5% on a 2-year
basis despite India being affected at the beginning of the quarter by COVID-related lockdowns.

In India, the situation improved in June, and growth trends have already been restored in line with
what we saw in quarter 1. Of note, these emerging market results include double-digit growth in Brazil,
India, Russia and Mexico and high single-digit growth in China. We remain encouraged by the resiliency
and underlying strength of our emerging market, while we continue to invest behind attractive growth
opportunities for the long term.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

Developed markets also performed well with robust consumption trends continuing. These markets grew
1.3% during Q2, coming off elevated demand in 2020. The 2-year average growth for Q2 was nearly 3%
and more than 3% for half 1.

Turning to Slide 13 and portfolio performance. Biscuits grew 2.8% in Q2 and 6% on a 2-year average.
Brazil, Russia and Mexico posted double-digit growth, while Germany grew high single digit in this
category. Our North America business declined low single digits, lapping double-digit growth in 2020.
Chocolate grew more than 12% for the quarter with a 2-year average of 5.9%. India, Brazil, Germany and
Russia all posted strong results despite some restrictions in India. Cadbury, Milka, Lacta and Toblerone all
grew significantly during the quarter. Toblerone's results reflect growth from improving mobility trends in
World Travel Retail, albeit this business is only at around 40% of 2019 levels.

Gum & Candy posted strong double-digit growth, resulting from improving mobility trends and lapping the
big COVID restrictions in 2020. This business grew 28% during the quarter but still declined over 7% on a
2-year basis. We expect growth to be better for the second half of the year as mobility generally improves.
Yet, we are still cautious about gum category dynamics that is still at 80% of the 2019 levels. And our full
year outlook does not imply a full recovery to pre COVID.

Now I'll cover our market share performance on Slide 14. We continue to see good share performance.
Given the unique impact of COVID on results, last quarter, we switched to a 2-year cumulative for
percentage of revenue gaining or holding share as we feel it better depicts how we are truly performing.
On a 2-year cumulative basis as of June, we have held or gained share in 75% of market and category
combinations. Biscuits and chocolate continue to be the primary drivers of this performance as they held
or gained in 80% of our revenue base. Notable share gainers on a 2-year basis include the U.S., China,
Russia and Brazil biscuits; and Germany, Russia and South Africa chocolate. Gum & Candy held or gained
in 50% improving since the last quarter, primarily due to the U.S. candy performance.

Now let's review our profitability on Slide 15. Overall, profitability was strong in the second quarter and
year-to-date. Gross profit grew faster than revenue, increasing more than 7% due to strong volume
leverage, productivity, line pricing and revenue growth management initiatives that helped to offset
inflation in commodities, logistics and labor. As we said many times, inflation and commodity costs
are higher than we originally anticipated at the start of 2021, but we continue to believe that they are
manageable. And we are holding to our original stance as far as investments are concerned.

Having said that, we are managing gross profit dollars for the year, and there might be some pressure
points in the second half. In addition, our goal is to enter 2022 with a sound profitability level that will
enable higher investment in 2022. Operating income dollars also increased by more than 7%.

Moving to regional results on Slide 16. Europe revenue grew 5.4% in the quarter and 2% on a 2-year
basis with OI dollars of plus 15%. North America declined slightly at minus 0.3% in the quarter with a 2-
year average growth of 5.2%. Operating income declined minus 7.2% in the quarter because of volume
and mix dynamics as well as some cost inflation that was more pronounced in this region than others.

AMEA posted growth of plus 7% and a 2-year average of 1.8%, which includes the peak COVID lockdowns
in Q2 of last year. India delivered another quarter of exceptional growth despite a challenging start
related to lockdowns, growing strong double digits. India grew, on a 2-year average, mid-single digit.
AMEA operating income dollars grew more than 7% in the quarter due to volume leverage as well as cost
mitigation efforts with substantial brand and working media investment increases.

Latin America grew 33.7% in Q2 and 8.9% on a 2-year average, aided by Brazil that grew by double
digits. OI dollar in Latin America grew significantly over previous year due to top line growth and mix as
gum is on a recovery path.

Now turning to EPS on Slide 17. Q2 EPS increased 1.6% at constant currency, driven mostly by operating
gains, which were partially offset by the lapping of a onetime tax benefit in previous year quarter. First
half EPS increased 8.6% at constant currency, primarily due to operating gains and despite lapping a
onetime tax impact last year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

Moving to cash flow and capital return on Slide 18. We delivered free cash flow of $700 million in the
second quarter, bringing us to $1.4 billion for the first half. We also repurchased approximately $1.5 billion
in shares in the first half at attractive prices. Dividend growth remains an important part of our capital
allocation approach, and to that end, we announced another increase of 11% to our cash dividend today.
This represents an increase of almost 85% over the past 5 years.

Moving to our outlook on Slide 20. As a result of first half strength, continued category durability and
healthy demand trends in both emerging and developed markets, we are increasing our full year net
revenue growth to plus 4% plus. With the first half at plus 5%, the implied growth rate for the half 2 is
at least 3%. We remain prudent in the way we plan the business, whether it relates to channels such
as World Travel Retail and categories like gum, which are beginning to benefit from an improvement in
mobility. We are also mindful that there is still a significant degree of volatility on a global basis as many
countries find themselves in different stages as it relates to vaccines rollout, COVID transmission and
restrictions.

In terms of EPS, we continue to expect high single-digit growth for the full year. We have not factored in
the full benefit of the top line additional growth on EBIT as we will continue to reinvest the volume-driven
upside back in the business to sustain our share performance. We also continue to expect free cash flow
generation of $3 billion plus for the year, as some additional coffee-related taxes are now factored into our
outlook.

ForEx translation is now expected to positively impact our reported revenue by approximately 2
percentage points and EPS by $0.09 on the year based on current market rates. As said, our updated
outlook is based on current conditions and does not factor in a material degradation in the operating
environment that could be triggered by a significant worsening of COVID.

We also expect to continue executing against our plans in revenue growth management, including pricing
and simplification in order to offset some of the inflationary costs related to commodities, logistics and
labor that we expect to be incrementally higher in the second half of the year. As already said, we want
to enter 2022 with the strong margins that will allow the combination of the virtuous cycle and high
investment level.

To close, we remain focused on consistently executing against our strategy. This means continued
investment in our brand, driving core growth, expanding in underserved channels, doubling down on high-
growth segments and capturing new opportunities in closing adjacencies, like cakes and pastries and bars.
With that, let's open it up for Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Dirk, you mentioned that your plan remains prudent. You talked about global volatility. I'm curious,
though, how you see the situation today in some of your key emerging markets and what your outlook is
for the rest of the year. Again, I know you don't have a crystal ball. But are there any areas of the world
where you might be more optimistic, more concerned? Just trying to get a sense of that.

Dirk Van de Put
Chairman & CEO

Okay. Thanks, Ken, and yes, a pleasure to go into that. You probably saw that we had a strong emerging
market performance in Q2 with 16% growth in the quarter and now a 5% growth on a 2-year average
basis. It would have been probably higher, but we had disruption in India COVID cost in May. And so if you
look around, I would say, you look at the big markets, we have strong double-digit growth in all the BRIC
countries for the quarter, so Brazil, India, Russia and then the high single-digit growth in China. So there's
nothing there.

I would say, of those countries, there's always a potential maybe, except for China, that COVID will cause
some volatility. Particularly, a country like India looks more susceptible to it. But overall, they seem to be
on a path of a gradual increase. China, I mean, operating well. COVID seems to be under control. They're
returning to mobility, and we've seen a constantly improving category performance. And on top, we have
strong share gains, sometimes like in gum 3 points year-to-date.

If I look at India, they bounced back in June of the crisis of April and May, and the daily cases are now
at 10% of what the peak was. So the short-term risk of further disruption remains significant due to the
slow vaccine rollout and new variants. But if I look at the long-term prospects, I believe they still are very
strong. And our team there is executing the strategy very well, doing more investment, increasing the
range and driving more distribution.

And then Brazil had very strong growth, double-digit net revenue and now also double digit on a 2-year
CAGR. The COVID nervousness is still there. And then the chocolate and biscuit consumption is growing
while the Gum & Candy, which, as you know, is very heavily affected by COVID, is still negative by the
reduced mobility.

In Brazil, we see the vaccine rollout accelerating, and it's starting to have an impact. And so we expect
mobility in Brazil in the second half to be quite strong. And we also see some share gains in biscuits
in Brazil. So in the big markets, I cannot say, apart from what I just said, that there would be major
surprises.

I would say, at this stage, Southeast Asia is particularly affected, and so that's going to take a few months
probably. We have transmissions peaking in Vietnam and Indonesia. Q2 was flat against 2019, so we have
to monitor that very closely.

And then the Middle East and Africa, in general, they are in growth on a 2-year basis, but that's also a part
of the world that I would say we need to remain careful. And I don't think they have fully recovered.

If I look at Latin America, the smaller markets, Mexico, slight growth on a 2-year basis now, had a tough
year last year, coming back quite nicely. The rest of the smaller markets, probably not quite there yet, still
below the 2019 levels. That's also driven by the fact that our Gum & Candy business is quite important in
those markets. And then the European emerging markets, apart from Russia, they remain strong.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

So I would say, overall, there are smaller markets that are affected at the moment, but the big emerging
markets are doing well. Volatility remains, but I would largely see that in India and Southeast Asia and
potentially Africa. But overall, I think the mix of our emerging markets, over time, will keep on showing
more stability and a gradual increase versus 2019.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

That is very helpful. And then quickly, Luca, I was just thinking about the phasing of the third quarter and
the fourth quarter from a top line perspective. As we model each of those quarters, are there any onetime
maybe headwinds or tailwinds that you'd like us to consider or keep in mind?

Luca Zaramella
Executive VP & CFO

I mean the straight answer is no. Clearly, we are very happy with the strong first half, and the 4-plus
percent guidance, which implies at least 3% growth for the second half is evenly spread, I would say,
between Q3 and Q4. The 3% plus or at least 3% in the second half might appear conservative, and maybe
it is given the first half trend. But as Dirk just finished talking about emerging markets, we know the
situation is still volatile in certain parts of the world. And we do not know to which extent Gum & Candy
and World Travel Retail will recover. So we feel quite good about the 4-plus percent. Expect the growth to
be evenly spread between Q3 and Q4.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Maybe to start with, you talked about how you obviously expect better organic revenue growth for
the year and are kind of standing pat on the EPS growth outlook. And I guess it's a combination of
reinvestment and some additional inflation. But first off, I was hoping, Luca, you could break down those
2 for us. Is 1 of those 2 maybe a significantly larger portion of the impact to -- the incremental impact to
margins in the back half of the year. And to the extent it's reinvestment to kind of hold up market share,
given you're starting to lap some of the unprecedented market share gains from last year, what are you
seeing that helps inform your ability to hold on to some of these share points or these share wins as you
go forward?

Luca Zaramella
Executive VP & CFO

So maybe I'll start with this last one. In terms of share gains, the peak of the share gains were last year
in Q2; and as we said many times, it was fairly consistent across the board. Our top countries and our
middle-sized countries in both chocolate and biscuit posted tremendous share gains. And obviously, the
75%, 80% share gains that we're talking about don't give full justice to the absolute amount of shares.
And so by lapping the peak last year, what I can tell you today is that we are fairly happy with the overall
result over the 2-year period, and we intend to keep it as it is as of Q2 and potentially slightly growing
those share gains in the second part of the year.

In terms of dynamics, the amount of A&C that we are going to invest for the second part of the year is
pretty much in line with what you have seen so far in the first half. Obviously, Q2 last year, we kind of cut
a little bit A&C because we were impossibilitated to do business in certain places, particularly in emerging
markets. But when you look on the face of it, the increment in the second part of the year will be lower.
But in terms of run rate and absolute numbers, it is absolutely in line with the first part of the year.

In terms of pricing and inflation, I would say there is going to be more in the second part of the year. To
start with, our pipeline of commodities and ForEx has been advantageous in the first part of the year, and
we expect some commodities and ForEx impact to be relatively higher in the second part. So there will
be some more pressure in Q3 specifically. But we will continue to be very disciplined in terms of cost and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

pricing. And the overall goal for us is to enter 2022, a, with some strong share momentum; and two, with
some GP level that will enable continued investment.

So as I said, Q3 will be more pressured than Q4. But I think at this point in time, we have line of sight
to incremental pricing. We have line of sight to incremental volume. And we have line of sight certainly
to more of what we call RGM, which is critical for us as we continue to support our brands and with the
ultimate goal to again, as I said, to enter 2022 with a strong momentum.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets.

Sunil Harshad Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

So I just wanted to follow up on Andrew's question regarding share gains. And a year ago, we were talking
a lot about consumer trial and household penetration, and, Luca, Dirk, I was hoping you can maybe
provide an update on the retention, what you're seeing from some of these new consumers. Maybe that
can help us provide some perspective around the sustainability of share gains.

Dirk Van de Put
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So if I look at the household penetration in the last 12 months, globally, we have an increase of about
150 million households, which we are holding on to. That is not falling back. The other area that I see
as in is not necessarily going to lead to share gains, but I think it will lead to strong categories, is this
combination of an at-home consumption that is lower than it was -- slightly lower than it was last year but
still significantly higher than it was in 2019. But that is then sort of a buildup or there's a build-on from
mobility increases and the impulse channel coming back and giving a strong growth in Gum & Candy as
well as in biscuits and chocolate. And so that, I think, would be a second factor that will influence this.

And then I -- as Luca was saying, we are lapping the highest share increases that we had last year. That
was, of course, a combination of our brands and the performance of our brands but also the fact that our
supply chain last year kind of worked better than some of our competitors. That effect we knew over time
was going to go away. But in the second half of the year, those huge increases driven by our supply chain
performance last year are gone, so we'll be lapping market share increases that are milder. And on top,
we're expecting, as we did in the second quarter but also in the third and the fourth quarter to continue
to increase our working media spend in a significant way. So I expect that also to contribute to the market
share gain. So what we expect to happen is that, by the end of this year, the market share gains that we
had at the end of last year will have retained or potentially increased a little bit.

Sunil Harshad Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Excellent. That's very helpful. And then just one last question. As we start seeing a surge in cases in the
U.S. and obviously, other pockets of the world have been not as favorable as what the U.S. has seen, are
you seeing retailers behave any differently? Are they -- is there this fear that supply won't be able to come
to the market if people start stocking up, so they're buying inventory in early? Any context around that?

Dirk Van de Put
Chairman & CEO

Not really at this stage. We haven't really seen anything. It was a little bit but not really significantly I
would say. Now if the news continues to worsen like the CDC is saying today that even vaccinated people
in certain circumstances should start to wear masks again, the fact that consumers might stay at home
longer because the returning to work is not as evident after Labor Day at the moment, I think we might
see a sort of a repeat of previous situations.

I don't think it will lead to massive stocking at home, but the increased consumption at home, I think,
will continue for a while. So at the moment, for instance, the food consumption at home still shows a

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

15% spend increase versus 2019. I think that will continue well into the third quarter and potentially in
the fourth quarter. And the out-of-home eating is still not quite there. It's still 5% down, the spending
there versus what it was in 2019. But the consumer is venturing out more, which also helps our snacking
category. So I think, overall, our categories will benefit, but I do not expect that we will see massive sort
of stocking and retailers struggling with replenishment.

Operator

The next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division

Just wanted to ask a question about investment levels. I think you talked about part of the -- what's
contemplated in the guidance for the full year in '21 is some incremental investment and wanting to be
in a good place to invest for '22 as well. So I guess 2 questions around that. One is just where is the --
where are you making those investments, just I guess, in terms of maybe which product categories or
which geographies. And then second, just if you give us a sense of what types of investments those are.
So are they product and packaging? Is it marketing? Just trying to get an understanding of kind of where
and what the investments are.

Luca Zaramella
Executive VP & CFO

It is a combination of the strategy we had all along since the launch of the new strategy in 2018. First and
foremost, it is around global brands but also about local brands. And so the local jewels we have around
the world are all benefiting from increased A&C. It is about more working media than anything else. And
so we are reducing consistently, over the last couple of years, the amount of nonworking media that we
have in our plans and in our numbers.

We are consistently pushing the envelope on renovation of some of these brands, and we continue
investing in new packaging, in new quality, et cetera. But the overwhelming part of the investment is
around working media. It is more skewed towards biscuits and chocolate, but we are also increasing,
particularly in some places like China and Latin America, gum investment because we want obviously to
reap the benefit of increased mobility. And so I think it is all around all these global and local brands, and
that's, I think, paying back in terms of share gains and certainly in terms of volume and revenue growth.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Two quick questions. The first is have you experienced higher freight and logistics costs. Did that occur in
2Q? I didn't hear it called out. And if it is, is it showing up in SG&A? Or is it in COGS?

And then the other question was I just want to confirm about the guidance. It's high single digit off
of a higher EPS base by about $0.03 following the restatement. So I know you said there's a lot of
reinvestment. But are you also saying that some of it -- some of this top line benefit will drop to the
bottom line because -- around the order of $0.03?

Luca Zaramella
Executive VP & CFO

So logistics cost and freight cost is a pressure point already in Q2, and it is reported into COGS. It is,
for the most part of it, a phenomenon that we saw in North America, but it is not only limited to North
America. Ocean freight are really on the rise everywhere, and it is impossible pretty much to cover for a
long period of time. And so we are facing pressure particularly in that area.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

Obviously, given the fact that we have in the U.S. a DSD system, which is a captive system, which is on-
lease trucks, et cetera, we are somewhat more insulated than others, but it is definitely a pressure point.
We called out, in general, inflation because there is more than logistics and freight. There is also some
packaging cost that is high. And in general, co-mans and co-packers are rising cost with us.

In terms of EPS, we have been guiding to high single digit. That is off the base that has been restated.
And there is a little bit of an upside driven by the incremental revenue, but the most part of the upside is
being reinvested back in the business. You might imagine, Rob, that as we might implement more pricing
around the world and given also the high share that we are retaining, we want to enter 2022, a, with
strong share momentum; and b, with a level of profitability that is allowing us to continue to reinvest. And
if we implement more pricing, obviously, we need more support to our brands.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein.

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Two quick questions for me. I think you mentioned in the press release that you were getting some benefit
from manufacturing productivity. I'm curious if that's just operating leverage or whether there are specific
manufacturing cost savings that you're seeing around the world. And if so, where those are and what's
going on? And then my second question is really around just the commentary on the negative mix on
both the revenues and the gross margin. I was just wondering if you were able to quantify that and
qualitatively describe what's happening.

Luca Zaramella
Executive VP & CFO

So in terms of net productivity, with the exclusion of commodities and ForEx costs, we include everything
else in net productivity pretty much, so labor inflation and any other type of inflation that is in there. We
are benefiting from the fact that volume is growing 4.4% in the quarter, and that is providing leverage in
our factories as well, obviously. But I think it's fair to say also that all the actions that we have put in place
in the last few years in terms of simplification, for instance, of the portfolio, the fact that we continue
to invest our CapEx mostly behind productivity initiatives is giving us benefits. And that is particularly
evident in places like Latin America and AMEA that have a good rate of net productivity. Clearly, in the
U.S., where, as I said, logistics inflation, which is part of productivity, is higher is somewhat muting a bit
the benefit that we're having in conversion costs.

In terms of mix, I called out during the prepared remarks that as you think about World Travel Retail,
which is a $0.25 billion business in 2019 or a little bit less, it is still running at 40% of what we used to be
in 2019. And this is a business that runs with a much higher gross profit because it is mostly World Travel
Retail, which is Toblerone, and it is sold at a very premium to the rest of the portfolio.

The other one, obviously, is gum. I said that it is 80% of what it used to be in 2019. It is 5% of the total
revenue that we have. And again, that is a line of business that runs with a GP margin that is relatively
higher to the rest of the portfolio.

So I don't want to embark in giving you an exact mix number. What I can tell you is that if we restore the
business to the levels of 2019, it will be a material impact and positive impact in terms of dollars that will
drop to the bottom line.

As I said, think about gum running at 20% higher than it is today or World Travel Retail running at 60%
higher than it is today. That will be a material benefit to the bottom line and to the profitability. It is fair
to say that you haven't seen a big impact last year or this year because we have been able to offset it
through a lot of cost measures that are embedded into the P&L. In fact, when you look at the overhead
line, we are very happy with what we have, and I think that is the reason why we're holding profit at good
levels and increasing it by 10% in the first half despite double-digit A&C.

Operator
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

Your next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel.

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I just had 2 questions for you. The first one would just be with -- in relation to the degree of cost inflation,
I'm just trying to get a sense of how it differs, if it differs between developed and emerging markets. And
I guess related to that, I'm seeing very strong pricing in Latin America, a little bit more in Asia but very
limited pricing in Europe and North America to start to see that pricing pick up based on the inflation in
the second half of the year.

Luca Zaramella
Executive VP & CFO

Look, it's difficult for me to make statements about future pricing as it boils down to segment pricing and
profitability. What I would tell you is we are seeing pressure in the commodity market, and so what we
see in commodities like sugar, edible oils, packaging, material resins costs, et cetera, those are common
to all markets around the world. To that, I would add that in some developing markets, ForEx pressure is
compounding. And so if you think about the Russian ruble, there is more cost pressure in some of these
developing markets.

Certainly, in the U.S., when we look at labor costs, when we look at packaging costs, when we look at
edible oils and logistics and freight, there is clearly a material impact. As I said, I don't want to start
making comments about future pricing. But what I can tell you is that in general terms, a, we have
developed great capabilities around revenue growth management and North America is most likely leading
the pack in that area; and second, I will tell you that not any different than any other segment we operate
in, all the business that we have is trying to enter 2022 with a level of profitability that allows continued
investment. And I would leave it at there because, as I said, I don't want to give any indication of future
pricing by segment.

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I understand. Thank you for the color that you can give. And just a quick follow-on in relation to Bryan's
question earlier about the investment. I think you just said about how you're trying to be in a position to
be able to reinvest again next year in 2022. I assume you're going to reinvest every year, frankly, and I
think that's hopefully going to help drive the strong revenue growth. I just want to get a little more color
as you're thinking about 2022. Is it a heavier rate of reinvestment you foresee? Or is it just the normal
course of continued investment that you're calling out for next year?

Dirk Van de Put
Chairman & CEO

No. We are -- in general, what we're trying to do, of course, is a little bit up or down every year, is to take
half of the extra gross profit that we generate in dollars every year and reinvest it in the business. That's
the ideal formula, let's say, that we're trying to achieve. And we're not planning to change that next year.

As you can imagine, we will have to deal with the inflation that we see as Luca was explaining, so we will
have to do more pricing, and we might have a little bit more pressure on our gross profit line. So we -- for
the remainder of the year, we are expecting that we will do better from a top line perspective. We will see
significant growth in our gross profit line. But we are expecting that most of it, we will have to reinvest in
the business.

That's what we mean to get ourselves into the ideal position at the start of next year. But then next year,
we're expecting to do exactly what I explained, continue our current way of looking at things and no
expectation of increasing investment significantly next year. Now on a year-over-year basis, that's usually
a 7 to 8, sometimes double-digit increase of our investment, that formula I was talking about.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler.

Michael Scott Lavery
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Just wanted to follow up on innovation and SKU rationalizations and maybe try to tie them together a little
bit. One, just could you give a sense of your progress on SKU rationalizations? I know the 25% you were
cutting is big, but it clearly hasn't slowed the organic growth. Just then also curious, a little bit related to
that, on innovation, if it's -- what your learnings are from that process and if it changes how you think
about screening or gating your launches and just what implications it might have as you look at new
products.

Dirk Van de Put
Chairman & CEO

Yes. First of all, on SKU rationalization, there's really 3 levels of how you should think about SKU
rationalization. First of all, there is stopping production and so not producing certain SKUs anymore.
Second is then having those SKUs not in inventory anymore; and then third, having those SKUs not in the
store anymore. So those are the 3 levels.

Where we are at the moment is that of that 25%, most of it, the production has been stopped. We're
gradually running out of inventory. We didn't want to write off the inventory, which would give us a big
cost effect. And then it's now starting to show up in-store. In-store, we're not yet down 25%, but it's
increasing rapidly.

The effect of that sort of trickle reduction is going to be that I don't think you will see an effect on our top
line, and that it really should go by almost unnoticed that we have 25% less SKUs. Keep in mind also that,
that 25% was kind of 2% or 3% of our total net revenue. And if we manage it well in-store and keep the
same shelf space and replace those 25% with faster rotating SKUs, we could even gain sales.

On innovation, in a business like ours, innovation is kind of 3 things. It's, first of all, what we call
renovation. It's existing SKUs that we have to renovate, update, make more interesting. Second, there is
then innovation within the core, new flavors and so on. And then there's what we call innovation beyond
the core, which is new to market type of segments or new types of products.

What we have been aiming for in our innovation approach is that renovation part and that sort of new
flavors part. That's where we believe we can reduce a little bit the amount of activity that we have, and
we've been doing that also around the 25% mark. And that has led to bigger renovations or bigger sort of
within the core innovations. And we're seeing the benefit from that. And it's clearly showing up in the way
our net revenue growth is being composed.

Where we still have work to do is what we call beyond the core. We're working that hard. We're trying
to shift some resources to that. That requires a longer lead time, requires more investment but over
time, can give a significant growth for the company. So what I would say here also, the 25% reduction
has given an upside to us. And we are very happy with the way our innovation contribution to growth is
panning out at the moment.

Operator

Okay. And your last question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal.

Kenneth Bryan Zaslow
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Just a couple of questions. One is what have you seen with price elasticity to customers and how is this
different than in the past. Second question would be, when you think about your acquisitions, all your
tack-on -- your bolt-on acquisition, how much incremental sales growth do you think that's added? And
how much will it add going forward?

Dirk Van de Put

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

Chairman & CEO

The first question, Luca, do you...

Luca Zaramella
Executive VP & CFO

Elasticity, so if we see elasticity numbers at given prices raises...

Dirk Van de Put
Chairman & CEO

No. Okay. Yes. Okay. Sorry, I can't -- I didn't understand the question the first time. It was a bit
interrupted for me. But from an elasticity perspective, our categories are showing, what I would say, an
average elasticity from what I've seen to other food categories. And it depends a little bit where you are in
which market around the world.

In developed markets where most of the sales are through supermarkets and done in larger packs, there
are price points, but they're probably not as solid. And for instance, in Germany, the price per kilo is
extremely important, while in France, the exact price point where that pack normally sold is much more
important. And so it's a mixed picture, but I would say we can more easily move things up or down.

And then again, when we talk about pricing, you should not just think about direct price increase. It's also
what we call price pack architecture. It's the amount and the depth of promotions that we have and at
some of the trade activities that we deploy. So pricing is a big word or is sort of a grouping of a number
of activities, which might not necessarily immediately translate in an elastic effect for the consumer who
suddenly sees the price change.

In emerging markets, it's slightly different. There, it's really about price points, and you need to maintain
those price points. So in general, what we do there is we work much harder on productivities, reducing
of packaging, improving the cost of our ingredients, improving the cost of our distribution and so on. Also
making sure that we work hard on price pack architecture and so on. So that's a bit more of a difficult
approach where you need to stick to the price points, and usually, when you have to move away from
a price point, the elasticity effect shows quite considerably in your volumes. And so the game is played
slightly different there.

So I hope that explains a little bit the 2 ways that we manage elasticity. But I would say in North America
and Europe, in general, the way we're doing it, and as you probably heard in previous discussions, our
price movements are bigger than previous year but not massive. And that's thanks to that RGM approach,
I would say. We are able to deal with the elasticity that comes from it, and an example is a 4% plus
volume growth we've seen in this quarter.

As it relates to acquisitions, acquisitions that we've done so far have added about $1.5 billion to our top
line. The idea is that they grow high single digits, and so you can probably calculate what they add to our
top line growth. I would say it's probably in the order of 0.3% growth. Our plan is to continue to do bolt-
on acquisitions. It's difficult to say how much and when and at which growth rate. But in general, when we
announced our strategy, we always said that we were counting on a 3% plus organic growth, and then we
would complement that with growth through acquisition. In that thinking, we were thinking that about 0.5,
0.6 of growth would come eventually from acquisitions. So that's more or less what we have in mind.

We haven't done that many acquisitions yet, and it will probably still take us a few years before we got
a significant math that would lead to that 0.5, 0.6. But that's sort of our thinking as it relates to the
contribution of acquisition.

Kenneth Bryan Zaslow
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Great. I appreciate it. I just had a quick one just to add is at what level of sales growth would you not
reinvest that would fall to the bottom line. And I'm not guiding you anywhere. But if it was 5%, would you
drop it down? Is it 6%? Is it 4.5%? And then I'll leave it there, and I really appreciate your time.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

Luca Zaramella
Executive VP & CFO

Look, the idea is to -- the algorithm we have in mind is 3% plus on the top line. It is, under normal
circumstances, 4% to 5% GP dollars. And then we take half of it. We reinvest it and half of it, we drop it to
EBIT. And then that should deliver the EPS growth of high single digit.

Clearly, as you look at this year, we are ahead on top and bottom line. But as we said very clearly, what
we want to do is to sustain the market share gains and potentially additional pricing that is coming and
enter 2022 with the level of confidence that we can still have this virtuous cycle we are in and that we
want to protect.

Dirk Van de Put
Chairman & CEO

Okay. Thank you. I think with that, we can conclude the call. We'd like to reiterate that it was a great
quarter, solid top line growth, good gross margin and gross profit growth, significant reinvestment in the
business, and I think a strong bottom line. Going forward, we will see a bit more inflation pressure. And
our intent is that we will deliver a higher top line growth, 4% plus, as we said and that any additional
margin that we have that we would reinvest it in the business so that we can enter 2022 with a great
share position as well as a great margin position, which would allow us to continue our virtuous circle in
'22.

Thank you for the interest in the business. Looking forward to take you through the results of Q3 and Q4.
And thank you, of course, for all your questions, and that's it. Thank you.

Operator
This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating, and you may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 27, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

