Mondelez International, Inc. 

NasdaqGS:MDLZ
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, January 28, 2021 10:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.66

0.67

1.52

0.70

2.59

2.59

0.00

2.83

7149.98

7298.00

2.07

6918.65

26440.47

26581.00

0.53

27659.31

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-27-2021 6:41 PM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

0.66

0.56

0.62

0.66

0.69

0.63

0.63

0.67

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4.55 %

12.50 %

1.61 %

1.52 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Dirk Van de Put
Chairman & CEO

Luca Zaramella
Executive VP & CFO

Shep Dunlap
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

John Joseph Baumgartner
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Robert Frederick Dickerson
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the Mondelez International Fourth Quarter 2020 Year-End Earnings Conference
Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about 1 hour, including remarks by Mondelez management and the
question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Shep Dunlap,
Vice President, Investor Relations for Mondelez. Please go ahead, sir.

Shep Dunlap
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. With me today are Dirk Van de Put, our Chairman and CEO;
and Luca Zaramella, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our press release and presentation slides, which
are available on our website.

During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These
statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and
uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K, 10-Q and
8-K filings for more details on our forward-looking statements.

As we discuss our results today, unless noted as reported, we'll be referencing our non-GAAP financial
measures, which adjust for certain items included in our GAAP results. In addition, we provide our year-
over-year growth on a constant currency basis unless otherwise noted. You can find the comparable GAAP
measures and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide
presentation.

In today's call, Dirk will provide a business update, and then Luca will take you through the financials and
our outlook. We'll close with Q&A.

With that, I'll now turn the call over to Dirk.

Dirk Van de Put
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Shep, and thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. I am pleased to share our full year
and Q4 results with you.

2020 was a successful year for Mondelez International, marked by strong performance even in a
challenging external environment. In response to unprecedented conditions caused by COVID-19, we took
decisive and swift actions to position the company for continued success in 2021 and beyond, and we
delivered on all of our financial commitments for the year. I am proud of our achievements and particularly
grateful for the efforts of our teams, including those on our front lines who helped us to achieve these
milestones.

First of all, we sustained the top line momentum we have achieved since launching our strategy in 2018,
delivering another year of 3% plus organic net revenue growth. This led to record market share gains
as consumers chose our products and made us clear winners in our largest categories of biscuits and
chocolate.

Despite COVID-19, we continued executing against our strategic growth agenda and increased investment
across our business, in particular, in working media and capabilities like e-commerce. We added 2 very
exciting bolt-on acquisitions, Give & Go and Hu, which give us more exposure to fast-growing snacking
adjacencies. Our continued investments were supported by an effective cost mitigation program that offset
many of the COVID-19-related costs and helped simplify our business.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

In spite of the increased investment in cost, we were able to grow operating income faster than revenue
and faster than 2019 through volume leverage and cost discipline. We also delivered on our commitment
to generate strong cash flow and returned $3.1 billion to shareholders.

Not only was 2020 a strong financial year, we also made progress in other areas like ESG, where we
delivered on our 2020 ESG goals and set ambitious new targets. We also enhanced the commitments of
our existing D&I agenda; and of course, we prioritized the safety of our colleagues throughout the year.

Overall, I believe we are very well positioned to sustain growth now and into the future. We entered 2021
with good momentum, record share gains and as a more efficient organization as a result of our Emerge
Stronger initiatives. As such, for 2021, we expect our results to be in line with our long-term financial
targets.

On Slide 5, let me walk you through the headlines of our financial results. I'll focus on the full year
figures. Our organic net revenue growth was 3.7%. Not only did we show strong growth. We also beat
the competition thanks to the strength of our brands with consumers. Our adjusted gross profit grew
3.6% and adjusted operating income grew 4.6%, leading to an adjusted EPS growth of 6.5%. And as
mentioned, free cash flow generation was strong at $3.1 billion versus $3 billion in 2019. This is a strong
set of results, a clear demonstration of the strength of our organization and the success of our growth
strategy even during severe external challenges.

Turning to Slide 6. I would like to highlight several of the strategic actions we took to enable our business
to emerge stronger from COVID-19. As the extent of the pandemic became clear, we quickly moved to
mitigate incremental COVID-related costs and took the opportunity to significantly increase liquidity.
We prioritized our capital expenditure behind projects with the highest return potential. We faced costs
relating to lockdowns, supply chain disruptions, adaptations to our ways of working as well as the need
for increased PPE. But we were able to offset the majority of these costs through savings across areas like
overheads, trade spend and nonworking media.

We also took the opportunity to simplify our operations, reducing the number of low-turn SKUs we have in
the portfolio, work that will continue into 2021. And finally, to maintain our top line momentum and brand
strength, we invested more in working media while realizing material media efficiencies.

Our swift reaction to COVID-19 was a real point of difference for us in 2020. Our teams were focused and
agile in their response. We adjusted plans and accelerated some of our strategic initiatives, all of which set
us up for success.

Turning to Slide 7. We have remained focused on our sustainability commitments and our approach
to governance. In May 2020, we held our first Snacking Made Right investor call, coinciding with the
release of our Snacking Made Right report. We've also engaged with many investors, shareholders and
stakeholders on ESG topics more than ever before.

Looking across our ESG agenda, we focus on critical areas like minimizing our environmental impact,
which involves using our resources like water and energy more efficiently as well as reducing waste and
emissions. We also promote sustainable ingredients like wheat and cocoa, where we seek to build a more
resilient supply chain. Generating a positive social impact is another priority, where we work to foster
more inclusion and opportunity with local communities.

Our key sustainability achievements for the year include meeting all of our 2020 CO2 emissions and waste
reduction goals; continued work in collaboration on advancing a more sustainable future for plastics;
continued investment in our Cocoa Life program, our $400 million commitment to sustainable cocoa,
including efforts to prevent child labor; and increased traceability and forest monitoring commitments with
our palm oil suppliers.

And in terms of social impact as an organization, I am proud of our work in 2 areas. We established new
multiyear global diversity and inclusion commitments, investing in global D&I leadership as well as plans
and programs for our colleagues and communities in which we operate. We also donated nearly 30 million
in COVID relief efforts around the world. This was a year where the potential was evident for a company
like ours to make an even more positive impact on the world, and I'm glad that we made our contribution.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

Finally, Slide 8. Let me share a little more color on our recently announced acquisition of Hu. We're excited
to fully welcome them onboard following our minority investment in 2019. This is a fast-growing, well-
being snacking brand with a portfolio of on-trend products. Hu's vegan, paleo-inspired chocolate will be
familiar to many in the United States. They are a leader in specialty and premium retailers already. In
addition to chocolate products, they have recently expanded into crackers and have plans to enter other
snacking adjacencies. Overall, the business is growing high double digits, and there's a clear opportunity
to scale the business using our distribution and capabilities. Hu is a great brand and a great fit in our
portfolio, bringing us interesting opportunities in the key well-being/premium areas.

With that, I will hand to Luca for more details on our financial performance.

Luca Zaramella
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Dirk, and good afternoon, everyone. Our 2020 performance was strong in terms of revenue
growth, share gains, profitability and free cash flow. We delivered volume-led revenue growth for the
year and the quarter of plus 3.7% and plus 3.2%, respectively. Developed markets grew 4.5% for the
year and 2.8% for the quarter, underpinned by strong execution and share gains. Emerging markets
increased 2.3% for the year, which includes a mid-single-digit decline experienced during the height of
COVID disruptions. For the quarter, we posted growth of 4.1%.

Some additional color on Q4. In developed markets, we continue to see elevated consumption for our
biscuits category in North America, albeit growth has slowed down versus first half. In Europe, we
delivered strong Q4 in both chocolate and biscuits, consistent with Q3. In emerging markets, we delivered
good growth across the majority of our revenue base, including double-digit growth in Eastern Europe and
mid-single-digit growth in AMEA emerging markets.

A small group of markets continue to face economic challenges and headwinds related to high-end gum
and candy exposure. This is predominantly in Latin America, which grew just over 1% in Q4. Overall,
we continue to feel good about Emerging Markets and their future prospects. And in general, they have
recovered quite well after the lockdown impact in Q2.

Now on Slide 11 and portfolio performance. This is an important page as it shows how well the vast
majority of our business is performing during the pandemic. The strength of biscuits and chocolate, meals
and powder beverages shows that we have an advantaged portfolio with a good geographical footprint and
that our execution resulting in meaningful share gains has amplified growth above category rates.

Biscuits grew nearly 9% for the year and 7% for the quarter. North America was a big growth driver due
to elevated demand and brand investment. Europe and AMEA also delivered strong Q4 results. Oreo was
a clear standout worldwide, growing double digits, and many local jewels, too, posted high growth this
year and increased penetration. Chocolate grew more than 3% for the year and 5% for the quarter. This
includes nearly 2 points of headwinds from world travel retail in the full year and the negative impact of
lockdowns in Q2. But overall, this is a great category to be in; and on top, our brands continue to perform
very well, both in DMs and EMs and continue to gain share.

Our overall growth rate is negatively impacted by gum and candy and continues to be challenged by
reduced on-the-go consumption and mobility restrictions. While we did not see material improvement in
Q4 versus Q3, we do expect gradual category improvement through 2021, but we are prudent in terms of
those expectations.

Now let's review our market and share performance on Slide 12. Through consistent execution, a
significant step-up in working media and portfolio of trusted global and local brands, we posted great
share results throughout the year, including in the fourth quarter. For the year, we held or gained share in
80% of our revenue base, up from 75% last year. Our largest categories delivered strongly as we held or
gained share in 90% of our biscuits revenue base and 80% of our chocolate revenue base. Notable share
gainers for the year included U.S., China and Russia biscuits; U.K., Russia and Australia chocolate; and
China gum.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

Profitability performance was strong for the year and quarter, especially in light of approximately $250
million of COVID-related costs. Gross profit growth for the year and quarter was driven by strong volume
leverage and cost mitigation programs. On the flip side, lower demand in world travel retail and gum
resulted in unfavorable mix. Specifically for Q4, a lag between commodities and ForEx-related inflation
and implementation of pricing weighed on the GP line. Overall, we feel good about our profitability and
the substantial investments we have made in the business to sustain our growth momentum. including
double-digit increases in working media to further support our brands and drive our category.

Turning to regional performance on Slide 14. North America grew 8.6% for the full year and 4.5% in Q4
driven by elevated biscuit consumption and strong share gains. Share gains were supported by significant
working media investments and strong DSD execution. Gum was down double digits. North America OI
grew more than 19% for the year and nearly 15% during the quarter. Volume leverage, effective pricing,
disciplined overhead management and waste reduction drove this performance despite significant COVID-
related costs.

Europe grew 2.5% for the year and 3% during the fourth quarter. Our Q4 results were driven by strength
across our major markets, including the U.K., France, Germany and Russia, resulting in significant share
gains. Strong execution and activations around the Christmas season helped us finish the year positively.
We continue to grow our chocolate business, which was up mid-single digits for the year despite the 3
point world travel retail headwind. Biscuits and meals categories also turned in a strong performance.
OI dollar growth was slightly negative for the year driven by unfavorable mix and COVID cost. That said,
trends have improved, and we posted nearly 6% OI growth in Q4.

AMEA grew 1.7% for the year and 3% for the quarter, showing that the recovery is sustaining across
much of the region. India grew low single digit in the year after declining double digits in Q2 as a result
of severe lockdowns. The country is performing well with double-digit growth in Q4 and the second half
behind strong execution, share gains and investments. We continue to lead the growth of chocolate in
India while expanding our biscuit platform. We are very pleased with the performance of this country.

China grew high single digits for the year and quarter driven by continuous share gains in both biscuits
and gum. Strength in Australia chocolate, including share gains, helped drive solid growth in AMEA
developed markets for the year. AMEA increased OI dollars by nearly 5% for the year due to strong
leverage in the back half. This growth includes the impact of significant increases in A&C and route-to-
market investment.

Latin America grew slightly for the year and just over 1% for the quarter. Excluding Argentina, the region
declined low single digits in Q4. Given gum and Halls were over 25% of the business before the pandemic,
Latin America is the most impacted by lockdowns for both top and bottom line. Brazil posted low single-
digit growth for the year and mid-single-digit growth for the quarter. Mexico declined high single digits
for the year and low double digits for the quarter. WACAM declined low double digits for the year and the
quarter, both due to the weakness of the gum and candy market. Adjusted OI dollars in Latin America
declined 33% for the year and 66% for the quarter, primarily due to scale losses in the gum and candy
category as well as timing of the commodities and ForEx pipeline versus pricing. As we expect some
improvements in the gum and candy business as well as better pricing net of costs, profitability for the
region should improve beginning in Q1. We have invested more in working media in Q4 and for the year
despite profit pressure.

Moving to EPS. Full year EPS grew 6.5%. This growth primarily reflects stable operating gains, mostly
driven by strong revenue results.

Now on Slide 19. We delivered full year free cash flow of $3.1 billion. We continue to put great focus on
this area and feel very good about the progress we are making.

Turning to Slide 20. We returned $3.1 billion to shareholders for the year This includes an 11% increase
in our dividend rate and reinstating share repurchases in November after a temporary pause related
to COVID volatility. We were also active in the debt capital market, refinancing more than $7 billion at
attractive rates while significantly expanding our debt average maturity.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

Now let me provide some details around our 2021 outlook. At a high level, we expect a non-algorithm year
in terms of our financial outlook. We expect organic net revenue growth of 3% plus. This is predicated
on the expectations that we retain our share gains and continue to invest behind working media and
marketing and sales capabilities to support our brands and overcome some of the macro weaknesses we
are experiencing in a number of our smaller markets. Biscuits and chocolate, from what we see today,
should continue to do well in 2021. But we will be lapping some elevated growth in 2020, particularly in
developed markets and for biscuits.

On the flip side, there should be some recovery of the categories and countries mostly impacted by
COVID. We have been prudent in our assumptions, mostly for gum, as we expect that category to recover
more slowly.

We usually do not provide quarterly guidance, but given Q1 last year was the strongest quarter, we do
expect a slower growth rate in Q1 2021. Overall, for 2021, our plan is to deliver high-quality growth to
beat category dynamics by continue to winning share.

We expect EPS growth in the high single-digit range. This outlook implies continued growth of gross profit
dollars, volume leverage and improved revenue growth management. These outlooks also reflect a step-
up in commodity and transportation inflation as well as transactional ForEx headwinds in certain markets.
Despite our expectation that COVID costs will subside in 2021 and our Emerge Stronger initiatives will
deliver the majority of their benefits, we will reinvest the upside to sustain our share gains and to weather
a more recessionary environment. For Q1, we will still face some headwinds in terms of mix impact on
profit and price net of cost dynamics. That should improve throughout 2021 as pricing is coming in full
effect.

With respect to free cash flow, we expect to generate $3 billion plus. This outlook includes the deferred
cash tax impact resulting from the participation in the primary offerings of JDE Peet's last year. Headwinds
for coffee-related taxes is estimated to be approximately $400 million. In this outlook, we also expect
an adjusted effective tax rate in the low to mid-20s based on what we know today, interest expenses of
approximately $375 million and share repurchases of approximately $2 billion.
With that, let's open the line for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Two-part question if I could. First, maybe, Dirk, if you could describe maybe some of the key puts and
takes that you see regarding the 3% plus organic sales growth guidance for '21. I'm really just trying to
get a sense for level of visibility and maybe if there is some flex there given how dynamic the environment
remains? And then -- and secondly, with respect to Mondelez lapping some of the significant COVID
costs of last year and benefiting from the initiatives and the accelerated initiatives that you've talked
about, I guess, would you see room for a potential upside to the high single-digit constant FX EPS growth
guidance? And if not, just curious what the offsets might be.

Dirk Van de Put
Chairman & CEO

Okay. All right. Thanks, Andrew. So the 3% plus for next year, the first thing that we want to keep in mind
is that it's very difficult to predict what's going to happen. While I think we delivered quite nicely on our
financial commitments in 2020, under the surface, there was a lot of puts and takes. And it looks like
that environment, at least for the first half, will continue. So it's very early in the year. We will see what
happens with the vaccines and the mobility of the consumer and the at-home consumption in emerging
markets. So we don't want to get ahead of ourselves. We do feel confident enough to say that this will
be a third consecutive year of delivering on algorithm. And as you might remember, that is a significantly
step-up from what it was before 2018.

If I break it down, as Andrew asked, the tailwinds that we see is -- first of all, the biscuits and chocolate
categories are performing very well. And on top of that, we have broad-based significant share gains. So
despite lapping that in 2020, we believe the categories will continue to perform well and that we will still
continue to gain market share.

The second tailwind I would mention is that we have very solid momentum going into '21. Our H2 growth
rate was above 3%, and so we see that continuing. In H2, we also invested quite heavily. That would
be the third tailwind for me, with a big step-up in working media. We are going to continue to do that in
2021, so that should also give us a push. And then, yes, we can't neglect that we will be lapping a weak
year in gum and candy, in world travel retail in some of the smaller emerging markets. So we believe that,
that will help us also.

As it relates to headwinds that we will see, I would separate them in geographies, channels and
categories. To start with the categories, for us, it's about the gum category and how fast that category will
come back. It's largely based on mobility of the consumer. We haven't seen much movement in the second
half of the year, so we are not assuming that there will be a big movement in the first half of next year --
or this year, sorry. So we want to plan prudently there.

As it relates to channels, it's about world travel retail and on-the-go consumption. And for the time being,
we've also assumed that, in the first half of the year, that is not going to come back at a very high rate.
And then geographies, we feel that the BRIC markets and other larger emerging markets are performing
well, and we see them quite nicely coming back in Q4. But there are some smaller markets like Mexico,
WACAM, North Africa, where we will likely be challenged for a while longer, largely because they have a
big gum business. So I would say, at this stage, we feel comfortable with 3% plus. We will see how the
situation evolves, but we want to be -- we don't want to get ahead of ourselves and see how the first
quarter comes along.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

The second question, I might hand over to -- I might -- thank you, Andrew. The second question, I'm
going to hand over to Luca about EPS and what we see there.

Luca Zaramella
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thank you. Thank you, Dirk. So maybe let me step back for a second and give you the key puts
and takes on the profitability line. We count in 2021 on continued volume growth and the leverage effect
that is associated with that. You remember that in our algorithm, volume is, together with pricing, a
critical component. We want to continue to be disciplined in our pricing approach, and we will leverage all
elements of what we call revenue growth management to offset what is a relatively higher cost inflation
than what we saw in 2020. I said quite a few times that inflation in 2021 will not be materially different
than previous years, but it is moderately higher than what we saw before.

And there are certain peaks around currencies, commodities. I mentioned a few times, cocoa grains are
experiencing cost spikes and certain transportation costs and packaging. So we are good for most part
of the exposure that is well covered. So I don't expect this situation to spiral out of control, but reality is
there is a little bit of more cost pressure.

On the other cost lines, we will continue to deliver productivities in line with what we have seen in the
last couple of years. COVID costs will be more moderate. In 2021, we called out that there will be roughly
1/3 of what we incurred in 2020. And most of the Emerge Stronger benefits will carry through 2021. The
degree of freedom, so to speak, Andrew, is against investment. And whether we deliver better profit, we
will take that upside, and we expect to invest even on top of what we have at the current level into 2021
as we really want to sustain share gains and make strides into the strategic agenda that we have.

On tax and interest, I think we have been fair in terms of assumptions, and hopefully, they were clear. So
I think high single-digit EPS is what we're going to get. I think importantly, on cash flow, just to round up
the answer, we have to pay some taxes related to coffee transactions. And what we call a $3-plus billion
is actually an underlying free cash flow that is roundabout $3.5 billion, so good numbers also there that
clearly rely on profitability and continued working capital management.

Operator

The next question is from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I wanted to ask about the guidance about -- or regarding currency being a $0.10 tailwind to the bottom
line this year. I just wanted to make sure I understood, is that $0.10 what you're expecting to flow all the
way through to the bottom line? Is that the maximum possible and you may reinvest some of that? I just
wanted to get a better sense of how we should think about modeling that just given your history of sort of
reinvesting those additional earnings, so to speak.

Luca Zaramella
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I'll start. And it is translation, and it is based on current spot rates. So whether they stay here or they
improve or they worsen, we are not going to change our stance on the investment posture. At this point in
time, $0.10 is pure upside to EPS.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. I'll follow up offline on that one. And then my second question is, I was a little surprised to see the
guidance for $2 billion in share repo. I know that's flexible. But you do have, I think, $3.5 billion on the
balance sheet. You're expecting to generate another $3 billion. Why shouldn't we look for a little bit more
aggressive buyback in 2021 than what that $2 billion implies?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

Luca Zaramella
Executive VP & CFO

Because we keep guidance consistent in terms of what we say in terms of EPS and share buybacks. You're
right in saying that provides us flexibility. Should cash flow be better, should we decide to do something
more with our coffee and might not have some acquisitions coming along, we will be flexible and we'll
fine-tune the number. I think the way you have to look at it is, should the circumstances stay the same as
today, at least we will do $2 billion.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Yes. Great. Can you hear me okay?

Dirk Van de Put
Chairman & CEO

Yes.

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

So this question, maybe for you, Luca. I don't know, but I guess I was looking for a little bit more of a
bridge in the year-over-year move in gross margins in the quarter. And then to follow on what you're
assuming about those moving parts into '21 because, in the end, what I'm really trying to understand is
I know you don't manage the gross margin, but it seems with the inflation that is building even as you
catch up on pricing versus inflation dynamics in Latin America, as you mentioned, it seems like the gross
margin being up in '21 could be ambitious. I'd love some color around that. And if you don't think you can
improve gross margins, you're not planning on it, then I guess also curious as to what the sources of G&A
efficiency might be in the coming year that will enable the EPS flow-through as well as the higher working
media investments that you called out.

Luca Zaramella
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So clearly, in the cost line, there was an impact due to COVID extra costs. And I think when I look
at the year and I strip that out, what I can tell you is that, overall, gross profit and gross margins, they
were pretty much in line with expectations. There is a big catch, and the catch is the fact that particularly
gum and candy suffered a decline that was around about 20%. That category is a category that is quite
profitable, and stripping out 20% of the volume in 2020 resulted in a subscale type of category with under
absorption on a few P&L lines.

In that regard, what I would say is, if I take out COVID and gum and candy, I think the level of
profitability is sound. We have a couple of things that we need to bear in mind. We were afraid that we
would have a subdued Christmas season, which didn't happen. We had record high shares in Christmas,
but we spent a little bit more in making sure that the stock was rotating. That's one impact.

And the second thing is we haven't fully implemented pricing actions in quite a few places around the
world. As we run out of coverage, particularly in Latin America, the exchange rate impact was quite
material. And we priced ahead of running out of coverage, and we will price afterwards in an attempt to
smooth what consumer prices are.

So in structural terms, I would say that there is nothing that is concerning me at this point about gross
profit. I think you will see a P&L that makes sense in 2021. The level at which we will see gross profit in
2021 will obviously depend on the level of recovery of gum and candy, which happens to be something
that we don't fully know of and we don't fully control.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

But in terms of structure, I think gross profit is sound. We have announced pricing actions around the
world. We have visibility to the commodity pipeline for the vast majority of it; and ForEx, we are covered.
We delivered, excluding COVID costs, sound productivities in 2020. We count on the same level in 2021.
And by the way, when I look at the overhead line, excluding A&C, we did a terrific job in 2020 reducing
overheads by almost 50 basis points. And we want to continue cost pressure and keeping the costs in
control. So from my side at this point, I would say still overall good for 2021 GP. There might be a little bit
of timing effect in Q1.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs.

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Congratulations for successfully navigating a pretty crazy year behind us. Let's hope this year is a
little less crazy. Thank you so much for the incremental color or all the detail you've given about the
underpinning assumptions here to the guidance. Based on the conversations you've had with investors,
I'm guessing the one area of debate -- the variance, I mean, most hotly debated is your comment on
sustained share gains next year. There's a lot of people who look at your market share performance this
year and believe there's a degree of transitory benefit from the reality of you having a DSD organization
versus -- a North America DSD against others with warehouse, a lot of superior service levels. Maybe the
scale of your supply chain also once again allowing superior service levels and that those benefits naturally
will unwind, and you're going to see share pressure in North America or Europe or somebody, like DMs,
where you gained so much. What do you think is -- where do you think that argument is fault? So what
are the risks? And what gives you confidence in your ability to sustain those share gains next year?

Dirk Van de Put
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I would say there's a number of arguments. The first one is, if you look at the share gains that we
incurred in the second quarter of '20 and then you look at what happened in Q3 and Q4, our share gains
didn't fade. They remain quite strong, and so we could already have expected that sort of effect that
you're describing, Jason, in Q4 of this year.

The largest categories that we are in continue to shine, and our performance in there is pretty good. It's
not just our gains with our DSD system in the U.S., but we have 80% of our revenue base around the
world where we are gaining and holding share. Plus the share gain itself is quite substantial. The share
gain in '20 was much, much higher than in 2019, where we also had a share gain.

So if I look going forward, what are we going to do to make sure that, that effect doesn't happen, first
of all, we have investments in -- that are substantially going to increase into '21. Our financial equation
can afford it. You've talked a little bit about it, that we constantly reinvest whatever we would over deliver
in our bottom line. And for the time being, we are planning to continue to do that in order to push our
growth up.

Second, we are having some very good channels effect, particularly in e-commerce. We are also preparing
to move very fast in away from home, which will give us a boost, world travel retail and also convenience
stores. So that will also give us an extra boost, and we will make sure that we move faster than anybody
else there.

Our customer service is good, and it's very good. We had -- our supply chain performed really well,
but there's still room for improvement because it was good in the times of COVID. It was not as good
compared to normal time. So we think we will still have an upside from our customer service.

And then we're doing a lot of work on RGM in order to protect our key price points and retain consumers.
We've gained a lot of new consumers into our brands. We were quite curious to see what was going to
happen. Again, in Q3 and Q4, we were able to retain them, and we're counting to be able to do that again
into next year. And then we have a very strong program, probably the strongest that I've seen since I'm

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

here, in innovation and also in activation. So because of all those reasons, I feel pretty good about our
opportunity to continue our momentum in market share going forward.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.

Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So the clarity on market share was helpful. I was just wondering, could you parse down the 2021 organic
sales growth you're expecting? How much market share gains are you expecting after the strong gains we
saw in 2020? Is it a similar magnitude? It sounds like maybe perhaps it's continuing but smaller.

And then second, just on category growth. Are you expecting an acceleration in category growth overall in
2021 relative to 2020? Obviously, there were some areas like gum or chocolate in travel retail that were
down significantly. There are other areas like biscuits that improved sequentially in 2020. So just sort of
curious for overall category growth how are you thinking about that growth in 2021 relative to 2020 and if
you see any acceleration there overall.

Dirk Van de Put
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Well, I would say as it relates to organic sales growth and share gains, we are planning to continue
share gains, but not to the magnitude that we've seen in 2020. We don't communicate on the magnitude.
We just give you the countries where we've gained or increased our market share, but we expect that the
share gain will be of a lesser magnitude. I can tell you that, and I think it's a reasonable assumption.

As it relates to the category growth rates, in the measured channels, it was 3.1% for 2020, which was a
slight decline versus 2019, where we saw 3.6%. And then, of course, you had the unmeasured channels,
which were declining like away from home and world travel retail. So likely, if you would add those
channels to it, you were probably looking at a total growth, very, very minor growth. And most of our
outperformance of the category was driven by our market share gains in 2020.

I think in '21, what we are expecting at least is some reversion to the norm with the customers going back
into the unmeasured channels from the measured channels. And so as the restriction ease, so that the --
that will mean that the measured channel growth will slow next year but that the combination of the 2 will
remain about the same, maybe slightly less. And so we don't have to count on as much share gains to get
to the growth that we're talking about. I hope that's helpful.

Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great. That's very helpful. And then just one other question. On the A&C line, clearly, you guys ramped up
in the second half of the year after a pullback in the first half. I'm wondering, did you see the same efforts
in terms of increased ad spend generally from competitors? How are you feeling about your share of voice
in the marketplace on the ad spend front in the back half of the year and leaving 2020?

Dirk Van de Put
Chairman & CEO

Well, I don't know if Luca wants to say something about our investments. But as it relates to competition,
I can quickly comment on that. Yes, they are also increasing their spend. So I would say, our share of
voice has remained about the same. And everybody has done a little bit the same, I would say, didn't
spend that much in Q2 and came back in H2. So I don't see any major differences there. But I cannot
predict what's going to happen in the beginning of the year. I just know what we are about to do. So
maybe, Luca, you want to talk a little bit about our overall investments.

Luca Zaramella
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

Yes. So in terms of investments, Dara, you're right. We stepped it up, particularly in the second half. I
think you see in the material that we called out that working media is growing 17%. We plan to keep
the same level and increase it in 2021. So we are building on a continuous investment in working media,
which importantly comes together with improved ROI, which means high-quality media we are putting
behind our brands. We are investing more in digital, which, in general terms, command a little bit more
ROI than other regular channels. And third, again, the essence of diverting nonworking media into working
media improves the overall spending ROI; so there is a compounded effect between increasing investment
and having a better return on what we spend.

And again, I think Dirk said it well. When we look at market and share, in Q4, we didn't slow down overall
for the company. And what that means is that, yes, we had clear advantages in terms of supply chain
at the beginning of the crisis. But as the situation normalized for us and for other competitors, people
continue to favor our franchises to others. And I think one of the drivers is clearly the fact that we have
invested more, that we have more meaningful innovation. And then we are activating effectively account
of sales.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

A couple of quick ones from me. First, Luca, I don't know if I missed it or not, but did you give guidance
for '21 on capital spending?

Luca Zaramella
Executive VP & CFO

No, I didn't, but I think it is 3.5%. That's the number you have to have in mind. Okay?

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

And then second one, just with regard to kind of modeling out revenues for 2021, in 2020, emerging -- or
developed markets grew faster than developing and emerging markets. In particular, you grew over 8% in
North America. So we're kind of thinking about contribution and that balance in '21. Would we expect that
to flip? Are you expecting emerging market -- developing and emerging to grow faster than developed?
And then second, North America, given how strong that comp is, is that something you could actually
grow off of in '21?

Luca Zaramella
Executive VP & CFO

We usually don't provide segment guidance, and I would like to stay away from that. But I think the --
what you are saying makes sense. Now I think you have to bear in mind that within developed market,
Europe wasn't stellar in Q2. You know that Europe has world travel retail in it that got a material impact,
so I expect Europe to grow. I think in the case of North America, obviously, we are lapping 13%, 11%, I
believe, respectively, in Q1 and Q2, so that would be the toughest comparison. But then in the second part
of the year, numbers are easier; and hopefully, as gum comes back, we will have a positive impact.

We are putting together, and we have put together actually, quite good plans for the 3 acquisition
platforms that we acquired in the last few years. And so I think there is more to come in terms of North
America and developed markets, but I wouldn't draw the conclusion that it is all bundled together because
North America grew double digit in the first half.

In emerging markets, again, I'm really happy about what I'm seeing. China grew nicely in Q4, almost
double digit. It was just shy of double digits. India grew more than 10%. So did Russia. Brazil grew high
single digits. So I'm positive about the evolution of developing markets overall. Clearly, there are some of
them, particularly in Latin America, that are impacted by gum and candy; but again, as we start lapping

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

Q2 numbers, that should be better. I think as you step back and you look at 3.1% category growth in
2020, we have always said categories will grow 3% or so. I think you should expect the same type of
category growth. With all the puts and takes, clearly, biscuits being a little bit lower but gum and candy
being much more positive, you should expect a category growth in the neighborhood of 3% and on top of
that, [ going ] to add shares.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo.

John Joseph Baumgartner
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Luca, two-parter for me. First off, the reinvestment has been a big theme behind the top line improvement
over the past 2 years and again here in 2021. And I'm wondering if you could speak to what's driving
the higher return on spending for media investment. How much do you attribute to just straight cost
improvements from agency consolidations and then how much from other aspects, whether it's better
quality programming from the local first or even better in-store activation that better leverages that media
spend?

Luca Zaramella
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Maybe I'll let Dirk take this one. I mean I have a point of view, but I think Dirk is the expert here. So
yes, Dirk.

Dirk Van de Put
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Well, first of all, we have been shifting around in our A&C budget. What we've done is we have
increased our working media, and the balance was, to my opinion, a little bit off. So the net effect in
media has been significant, as Luca was commenting in last year, and we're continuing that effect in '21.

On top of that, we are increasing our overall budget. And so we've increased the percentage of A&C of net
revenue in '20, and we're going to do the same in '21. The third driver of our increased ROI is a bigger
switch to digital. So we are now well above 50% of our investment is in digital, and we know that we can
drive a much better effect and much better targeting of our consumers.

And then the last effect I would say for our increase in ROI is the fact that we've done a lot of work on
our brands, worked on purpose. We worked on communication. We've done a number of things that really
have had a big effect to, call it, Oreo, Cadbury, Milka; really some big strides, for instance, to mention,
the Lady Gaga Oreo that's going to hit stores today. I think that's generating a lot of buzz, and we've done
many of these things.

There is some effect, but it's minor -- no, minor is maybe a big word. It is not the biggest driver on
agency rationalization, if I can say it, and some margin negotiation. So there is some of that in there, but
that is not -- certainly not the biggest driver of what we've done.

John Joseph Baumgartner
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I'll look for the Lady Gaga. I appreciate that. And then secondly, just to follow up there. Going back to
FX, we've seen FX headwinds for a number of years now. And I'm curious, to the extent that those may
now reverse in your favor, for translation, yes, but also maybe even driving some trickle-down benefits
operationally where maybe it relieves some of them to take pricing in foreign markets. To what extent
do you think the market doesn't fully appreciate the potential benefits from that on EPS or even volume
growth in your stock valuation?

Luca Zaramella
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

Yes. Thank you, John, for the question. Clearly, we leave to the stock market to determine the fair value of
Mondelez, but let me provide some perspective. The peak -- the pickup of $0.10 in EPS due to translation
clearly adds to the great progress we have made as a company, I believe, over the last 3 years. And it is
fair to say that, while the valuation has improved in the last 3 years, we still stand behind in terms of peer
average and best in class; and so that gap, hopefully, over time, will close. When I consider the brands
that we have, the geographic portfolio, the category exposure, our track record over the last 3 years, I
would say that we are well positioned, and I would assume that over time, that should be reflected in our
valuation.

And the same conclusion, quite frankly, is if you do a sum of the parts. So I think we -- when I step back
and I look at the quality of the EPS, the $0.10 of EPS that we're adding current spot rate, I think there
should be upside, but obviously, I leave to the market to decide.

I think you had also a point about transaction ForEx, what we call transaction ForEx. And clearly,
transaction ForEx is a benefit for all the businesses we have around the world. But remember, we are
covered, and it is embedded into the guidance we gave. So hopefully, I addressed the couple of points you
were asking.

Operator

Your next question is from the man of Chris Growe with Stifel.

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I just want to ask you, if I could, I've just been following on the discussion you've had around costs and
pricing. I guess just from a high level, do you expect pricing to offset inflation for the year? You did talk
about pricing kind of catching up with costs. And then just to think about would pricing, as has been
typical, represent roughly half of your organic revenue growth for the year? Would that be a reasonable
assumption for the year?

Luca Zaramella
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Maybe there will be a little bit more -- slightly more component of pricing given the fact that, as we
said, there is a timing effect in Q4 that should be fully recuperated into 2021. But I don't think it is going
to be a major one. I think the 50-50 split is still something that is plausible. Maybe in Q1, it will be a little
bit less.

I think to your question about are you offsetting all your costs, I think the #1 qualifier should be with or
without COVID. And without COVID and the fact that COVID is subsiding, we will be fully offsetting the
cost inflation over time as we enter the year. And as we get close to the end of 2021, I expect the run rate
of gross profit to be at the same level as it would have been without COVID.

So that has always been the intention. Over time, we want to be price disciplined. We will price away
inflation, and we believe that is one of the building blocks of us being able to invest more in the company.

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. And then I had just a quick follow-on. You've talked about implementing a pretty meaningful SKU
reduction program. And I just want to get a sense, and maybe perhaps this fits in with that answer, but
does that provide -- is that occurring as you expected? And is that a volume weight for the year, but
you're seeing a much better mix improvement? I just want to get a sense of where we stand on the SKU
reduction program.

Dirk Van de Put
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

Okay. Yes, the short answer to that is yes. We are on track, and it's really part of a broader simplification
program in order to drive both top line and bottom line. So it's a reduction of SKUs, a reduction of the
number of innovation initiative. We're doing bigger innovation initiatives and then also a strategic review
of our brands. We are aiming for 25% reduction in every region. There is no skew to one category or
another. And so in the sense that what we have stopped manufacturing, so we don't make any more,
we've already achieved a double-digit reduction in '20. I need to take into account, for instance, that, in
Europe, those changes can only be done in the first quarter of the new year, so they are going to do their
SKU reductions right now. And we also have to do it at a certain rhythm because we are protecting our
shelf space and trying to minimize waste.

And so we will -- going forward, once we reach the level we were aiming for, the -- keep the lower SKU
count, and we're going to apply a very strict 1 in, 1 out approach to new products. We -- important to
mention is probably that we are not expecting any negative top line effect since these 25% only represent
2%, 3%. And keeping our shelf space, we should be fine. And going forward, there's a number of benefits
as it relates to less complexity in manufacturing, for instance, better customer service, reduction of our
inventories. And so we -- and also more sales we -- since we have more space for our top-selling SKUs.
So it's going to support the delivery over long-term algorithm. It won't be transformative from a margin
perspective, to our opinion, though. It will help. It will improve, but it's not that you will see a massively
improved gross margin.

Operator

And your final question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson with Jefferies.

Robert Frederick Dickerson
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Great. Dirk, I guess this is a broader question kind of just in terms of portfolio position going forward.
Obviously, you continue to do very well with the brands that you have. At the same time, we've seen some
new innovation like the gluten-free cookie -- the gluten-free Oreo recently and then obviously, the full
acquisition of Hu. You continue to call out that well-being sustainability is obviously a focus. And one could
argue that kind of, over time, even if your core brands continue to do well, there's still a lot of opportunity
and distribution opportunity kind of more in that kind of well-being side.

So just kind of maybe if you could just spend a little time, just provide some color kind of how you think
about that internally. How do you leverage your capabilities, R&D, survey work, what have you, to kind of
always make sure that you're on trend going forward with the brands you have but now also with the new
brands? And then maybe if you could kind of tie in then how you would also be thinking about go-forward
acquisition opportunities, kind of close to the core or still kind of maybe a little bit broader on the well-
being side? That's it.

Dirk Van de Put
Chairman & CEO

Okay. It links in a little bit with that question about SKU. So the way we look at it is if we launch new SKUs
or new sub-brands or new brands or buy brands, they need to have a certain level of sales right now and
they need to have the potential to grow to a certain level. So as you do that analysis, there is certainly an
amount of health and wellness in that mix. But it certainly wouldn't be -- to be honest, at this stage, the
majority of what we do.

Every year, it's more, but we're trying to very carefully manage the balance between more indulgence and
more health and wellness to -- over time in order to keep our mixed growth rate, if I can call it like that,
because what you have is that health and wellness is growing faster, but it's smaller. And so if you look at
the mixed growth rate, we need to do both; and at the moment, we need to do a lot more of indulgence.

As it relates to how we're thinking about it from an innovation, R&D and acquisition perspective, clearly,
we want to continue to increase our exposure to health and wellness. And particularly, if we think about
the next 10 years, let's say, I do expect that, that mixture between indulgence and health and wellness

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

will continue to balance more and more versus health and wellness. We will accompany that mix, and so
we need to launch more and acquire more in that sense.

The big areas that we are looking at are internally with our R&D team and also externally is -- one is an
example of Oreo gluten-free, has to see with the ingredients the nutritional composition. What can we
improve? How can we gradually get products that the health conscious consumers are more interested in?
So it's sort of an upgrading of our current portfolio.

And then we do have a number of products in market, very, very small tests with products we developed
ourselves in-house, completely new breakthrough type of products, new brands. That will take time to
develop, but we are also in there. And that goes much further than sort of cleaning up your ingredient or
improving your ingredient panel.

And then the -- we use mainly acquisitions to really take a big foothold in some of the big health and
wellness spaces. So Perfect Bar is considered one of the healthiest bars in the market. Then Hu is very
particularly focused on the paleo, vegan segment, and we will continue to do that in the U.S. and around
the world. And those are sort of the big lines of what we're trying to do. There's a number of other areas
that are going on. So for instance, portion control, we think, is part of health and wellness. So over time,
we are trying to reduce the portions that we sell or that the consumer consumes. We talked about the
better-for-you credentials, but all natural is another one that is quite big. Local sourcing, in a way, the
consumer is considering as healthy. And then there's, of course, the functional benefits, energy bites and
things like that. So what I would say the big groups of what we're focused on health and wellness were
the ones that I was going through before. But yes, you will see a very balanced approach in gradually
introducing more health and wellness products from our side.

Operator

And there are no more questions at this...

Dirk Van de Put
Chairman & CEO

I think that's the end. Yes. Sorry, go ahead.

Operator

And there are no more questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back to management for closing
remarks.

Dirk Van de Put
Chairman & CEO

I was jumping the gun here. Well, thank you very much for your time, your interest in the company. We
feel good where we've ended 2020. We feel good for about 2021. We have momentum. We feel we are
coming from a position of strength, and so we hope to be able to provide you some good news as we go
through the year. Thank you.

Luca Zaramella
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, everyone.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may
now disconnect your lines.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

