McCormick & Company, Incorporated 

NYSE:MKC
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, September 30, 2021 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.72

0.80

Revenue  (mm)

1537.94

1549.40

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Sep-30-2021 12:45 PM GMT

11.11

0.75

0.89

3.02

3.19

1713.51

6300.86

6431.46

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.82

0.58

0.62

0.72

0.79

0.72

0.69

0.80

SURPRISE

(3.66 %)

24.14 %

11.29 %

11.11 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 30, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Kasey A. Jenkins
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Robert Frederick Dickerson
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 30, 2021

Presentation

Kasey A. Jenkins
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning. This is Kasey Jenkins, Vice President of McCormick Investor Relations. Thank you
for joining today's third quarter earnings call. To accompany this call, we posted a set of slides at
ir.mccormick.com. We'll begin with remarks from Lawrence Kurzius, Chairman, President and CEO; and
Mike Smith, Executive Vice President and CFO, and we will close with a question-and-answer session.

During this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. The nature of those non-GAAP
financial measures and the-related reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press
release and slides. In our comments, certain percentages are rounded. Please refer to our presentation for
complete information.

In addition, as a reminder, today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking
statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes
no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new
information, future events or other factors. Please refer to our forward-looking statement on Slide 2 for
more information.

I will now turn the discussion over to Lawrence.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Kasey. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Our third quarter performance
demonstrates again that the combination of our balanced portfolio with the effective execution of our
strategies to capitalize on accelerating consumer trends and the strong engagement of our employees
have positioned us well to drive differentiated growth. Remarkably, we delivered an 8% sales increase
versus last year and 17% versus 2019.

Our third quarter results reflect a robust and sustained growth momentum as we delivered organic sales
growth on top of our exceptional third quarter performance last year. Our third quarter results also include
strong contributions from Cholula and FONA.

Sales growth in our Flavor Solutions segment was broad based with the at-home products in our portfolio,
flavors and seasonings, growing at approximately the same rate as our away-from-home product, which
was primarily driven by a robust recovery from last year's lower demand from our restaurant and other
foodservice customers attributable to COVID-19 restrictions and consumers' reluctance to dine out.

Our Consumer segment results reflect the lapping of the year ago elevated demand in the lockdown
days of the pandemic from consumers eating and cooking more at home as well as a sustained shift to
Consumer at-home consumption higher than prepandemic levels. Taken together, these results continue
to demonstrate the strength and diversity of our offering, the breadth and reach of our portfolio with
compelling offerings for every retail and customer strategy across all channels creates a balanced
and diversified portfolio that enables us to drive consistency in our performance even in a volatile
environment.

Turning to Slide 5. Total third quarter sales grew 8% from the year ago period or 5% in constant currency.
Substantial constant currency sales growth in our Flavor Solutions segment more than offset slight
constant currency sales decline in our Consumer segment, driven by the factors I just mentioned.
Adjusted operating income was comparable to the third quarter of last year, including a 3% favorable
impact from currency. The benefit of higher sales was more than offset by higher cost inflation and
industry-wide logistics challenges as well as by a shift in sales between segments. On the bottom line, our
third quarter adjusted earnings per share was $0.80 compared to $0.76 in the year ago period, driven by
higher sales and a lower tax rate, partially offset by cost pressures.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 30, 2021

As we have stated previously, we expect growth to vary by quarter in 2021. Importantly, we have
delivered outstanding year-to-date performance. Sales and adjusted operating income are up 13% and
9% year-over-year, respectively, both of which include a 3% favorable impact from currency. And we've
grown adjusted earnings per share 8%. Year-to-date versus 2019, we've driven sales, adjusted operating
income and adjusted earnings per share growth of nearly 20% across all 3 metrics.

I'd like to say a few words about the current cost environment's impact on our third quarter results as well
as our outlook, which Mike will cover in more detail. We stated in our July earnings call we are operating
in a dynamic cost environment, and like the rest of the industry, experiencing cost pressures. We're seeing
broad-based inflation across our raw and packaging materials as well as transportation costs. To partially
offset rising costs, we have raised prices where appropriate. But as usual, there is a time lag associated
with pricing, particularly with how quickly costs are escalating. And therefore, the phase-in of most of our
actions is taking place during the fourth quarter. Those pricing actions are on track, and we appreciate our
customers working with us to navigate this environment.

In the last few months, inflation has continued to ratchet up, mainly with packaging and transportation
costs. We're experiencing the highest inflationary period of the last decade or even 2. We, along with our
peers and customers, are also facing additional pressure in our supply chain due to strained transportation
capacity and labor shortages and distribution. These pressures not only impact costs but also negatively
impact sales as the addition of further supply chain complexity makes it harder to get orders shipped and
received by customers, and this pressure is amplified by continued elevated demand. Overall, we have
a demonstrated history of managing through inflationary periods with a combination of pricing and cost
savings, and we expect to manage through this period as we have in the past.

Now let's turn to our third quarter segment business performance, which includes comparisons to 2019
prepandemic levels as we believe these will be more meaningful than the comparisons to 2020 given the
dramatic shift in consumer consumption between at home and away from home experienced in the year
ago period. Starting on Slide 7. Consumer segment sales grew 1%, including a 2% favorable impact from
currency and incremental sales from our Cholula acquisition compared to the highly elevated demand
levels in the year ago period. Our Consumer segment organic sales momentum on a 2-year basis was up
double digits, highlighting how the sustained shift in consumer consumption continues to drive increased
demand for our product and outpaces prepandemic levels.

Our Americas constant currency sales declined 1% in the first quarter with incremental sales from our
Cholula acquisition contributing 3% growth. Our total McCormick U.S. branded portfolio consumption, as
indicated in our IRI consumption data and combined with unmeasured channels, declined 10% following
a 31% consumption increase in the third quarter of 2020, which results in a 19% increase on a 2-year
basis. Demand has remained high, and we are realizing the benefit of our U.S. manufacturing capacity
expansion, although some products remain stretched by sustained high demand.

Shelf conditions are improving, and we're seeing sequential improvement in our share performance. That
said, as I mentioned moments ago, the current issues related to logistics pressures continue to make
it challenging for market leaders, like McCormick, to keep high demand products in stock, which has
prevented us from making further progress in replenishing both retailer and consumer inventories in the
third quarter. Importantly though, we're better positioned than we were last year entering the holiday
season and are confident in our holiday merchandising plans.

Focusing further on our U.S. branded portfolio, our 19% consumption growth versus the third quarter
of 2019 was led by double-digit growth in spices and seasonings; hot sauces, both Cholula and Frank's
RedHot; and barbecue sauce as well as our Asian and frozen products. In pure-play e-commerce, we
delivered triple-digit growth compared to 2019 with McCormick-branded consumption outpacing all major
categories. This is the sixth consecutive quarter our U.S. branded portfolio consumption grew double digits
versus the same period 2 years ago, which reflects the continuation of consumers cooking and using flavor
more at home and the strength of our brand.

Our key categories continue to outpace the center-of-store growth rates versus the same period 2 years
ago, favorably impacting not only the McCormick brand, but our smaller brands as well. Household

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 30, 2021

penetration and repeat rates have also grown versus 2019. And when our consumers shop, they are
buying more of our products than they were prepandemic.

McCormick continues to win in hot sauce. Across our brands, McCormick rose to be the #1 hot sauce
manufacturer globally earlier this year. In the third quarter, Frank's RedHot, the #1 brand in the U.S., was
joined at the top of the category by Cholula, which we have driven to the #2 ranking.

Now turning to EMEA, which has continued its outstanding momentum. We had strong market share
performance in the third quarter versus last year, maintaining or gaining share across the region in key
categories following our strong gains in the third quarter last year. Compared to the third quarter of
2019, our total EMEA region, we drove double-digit consumption growth in herbs, spices and seasonings.
And turning up the heat, Frank's RedHot has grown consumption 75% and is gaining significant share
versus the 2-year ago period. Across the region, our household penetration and repeat rates have also
grown versus the 2-year ago period. Our year-to-date higher brand marketing investments in the EMEA
are proving to be effective as evidenced by the metrics I just discussed as well as our achieving above-
benchmark rates for reach, engagement and click-through, for instance, in our digital marketing.

In the Asia/Pacific region, third quarter sales were strong, reflecting our continued recovery from China's
lower branded foodservice sales last year. Our consumer product demand in the region declined due
to lapping significant growth last year. The region has also experienced supply chain challenges with
ocean freight capacity constraints impacting the quarter's growth. In Australia, we continue to see strong
consumption growth versus 2019 with key brands recently trending back toward 2020 levels, with Frank's
RedHot already higher than last year's elevated consumption.

Across all regions in our Consumer segment, we are continuing to fuel our growth with our strong
brand marketing, new product launches and our category management initiatives. We're making brand
marketing investments across our portfolio to connect with our consumers, particularly online.

Early in the third quarter in the Americas, we began our search for the first Director of Taco Relations.
This was a dream opportunity for the over 5,000 applicants who showcased their taco expertise and
enthusiasm for our product in their video application. To date, we have garnered over 1 billion earned
impressions related to our search. And these will continue to grow upon the announcement of our new
Director of Taco Relations next week on October 4 in celebration of National Taco Day.

We're not only creating buzz through our digital marketing, but also with our e-commerce direct-to-
consumer new product launches. In the Americas, we drove new, passionate users to our brands and
digital properties with the launch of Sunshine All-Purpose Seasoning, a new product developed in
partnership with social media influencer, Tabitha Brown. Inspired by her joyful personality and health-
and wellness-focused recipes, the salt-free and gluten-free Caribbean-inspired blend sold out in just
39 minutes, generating record sales from e-commerce-driven innovation and over 700 million earned
impressions.

Our new product launches differentiate our brands and strengthen our relevance with consumers. And with
our global leadership position in hot sauce, we are in a perfect position to capitalize on consumers' rising
demand for hot-and-spicy flavors through a global heat platform. Our recent launches of Frank's RedHot
frozen appetizers and Cholula wing sauces in the Americas as well as Frank's RedHot craft flavors in the
EMEA have made strong contributions to growth in the third quarter.

Just in time for Halloween, EMEA is introducing dead-hot gift sets for e-commerce, featuring Frank's
RedHot. And in China, our recently launched ready-to-eat chili paste has the highest 30-day repeat rate of
all McCormick direct-to-consumer products on Tmall.

Turning to category management. Our initiatives are designed to strengthen our category leadership by
driving growth for both McCormick and retailers. These initiatives include simply changing shelf placement,
for instance, increasing Cholula's velocity over 30% by changing its aisle placement at a large retailer, to
reinventing the spice and seasoning aisle shopping experience. In the U.S., we're anticipating a cumulative
implementation of our spice aisle program since it began in 2020 at 10,000 stores by year-end.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 30, 2021

Versus 2019 to remove year-over-year noise, sales through the beginning of August show retailers that
have adopted the spice aisle changes are growing the category faster than those who have not. And
McCormick's branded spice and seasoning portfolio is growing solid mid-single digits faster in implemented
stores versus stores which have not adopted the changes. And in Eastern Europe, the rollout of our first
choice bottle, which was perceived as premium in what was predominantly a sachet-only market, is
elevating the spices and seasoning category and driving increased share in our Eastern European market.

Moving forward, we are confident that we will continue the momentum of our Consumer segment. We
have more consumers than prepandemic. They have come into our brand, are having a good experience
and are buying our products again. We're excited about our growth trajectory and expect long-lasting
growth from the sustained shift to consumers cooking more at home fueled by our brand marketing, new
products and category management initiatives.

Turning to Slide 9. Our Flavor Solutions segment grew 21% or 17% in constant currency, reflecting
both strong base business growth and contributions from our FONA and Cholula acquisition. Our third
quarter results include the robust recovery from last year's lower demand from our restaurant and other
foodservice customers, many of which are lapping the curtailment of both away-from-home dining as well
as strong continued momentum with our packaged food and beverage customers. Notably, growth was
driven equally from both the at-home and the away-from-home products in our portfolio. On a 2-year
basis, our sales also increased double digits with strong growth in all 3 regions.

In the Americas, our FONA and Cholula acquisitions made a strong contribution to our significant third
quarter growth. And we're executing on our strategy to shift our portfolio to more value-added and
technically insulated products. We continue to see outstanding growth momentum with our consumer
packaged food customers through new products and base business strength. Consumers' rising global
demand for hot-and-spicy flavors is driving growth for both our customers snacks and for seasonings that
flavor them. Compared to last year's third quarter, snack seasonings grew high single digits, but strong
growth in core iconic products as well as new products and the innovation pipeline continues to be robust.

Our confidence that FONA will accelerate our global flavors platform continues to be reinforced by their
excellent performance with double-digit sales growth compared to last year. Beverages are driving
significant growth with particular strength in the fast-growing performance nutrition category. And finally,
in the Americas, branded foodservice contributed significant growth to the quarter as our demand for this
channel has continued to strengthen as more dining options reopen.

In EMEA, we had strong growth versus both last year and 2019 across all markets and channels. Quick
service restaurants, or QSRs, are driving growth through increased promotional activities and limited time
offers. Our branded foodservice sales, with easing restrictions in the hospitality industry, increased at a
double-digit rate versus the third quarter of last year. And as packaged food and beverage company, our
performance was strong on top of last year's strong growth with the hot-and-spicy trend fueling growth in
snack seasoning, particularly through new product innovation.

Our sales growth in the Asia/Pacific region was partially impacted by the timing of our QSR customers'
strong limited time offers and their promotional activities in the third quarter of last year, which increased
restaurant traffic as COVID-19 restrictions lifted. As we've said in the past, limited time offers and
promotional activities can cause some sales volatility from quarter-to-quarter.

We recognize a part of our third quarter Flavor Solutions results were due to the comparison to low
away-from-home demand last year. Notably, our growth also include strong contributions from FONA and
Cholula; robust growth with packaged food and beverage customers, both at the base business and in new
product wins driven by our differentiated customer engagement and continuing momentum with QSRs.
Year-to-date versus 2019, we've delivered 13% constant currency growth, including FONA and Cholula,
and 6% constant currency organic growth. These results, combined with our effective growth strategies,
bolster our confidence in the continuation of our robust growth trajectory in our Flavor Solutions segment.

Now on Slide 10, I'm excited to share some important purpose-led performance news. Just a few
days ago, we were named as a Global Compact LEAD company by the United Nations for our ongoing
commitment to the UN Global Compact and its 10 principles for responsible business. We are honored by

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 30, 2021

this recognition for our commitment to sustainability and to be 1 of only 37 companies in the world and
the only U.S.-based food producer to be included on this prestigious list.

Sustainable sourcing is a top priority, and we've been actively working on initiatives, such as our
sustainability-linked financing partnership with IFC and Citi, which provides our urban spice suppliers
in Indonesia and Vietnam with financial incentives linked to improvements in measures of social and
environmental sustainability as well as our partnership with Heifer International on the launch of the
Cardaforestry project, which aims to increase smallholder farmer resilience and improve the quality of
cardamom and allspice in Guatemala.

In addition, LATINA Style Inc. recently named us as one of the top 50 best companies for Latinas to work
in the U.S. We are thrilled to be recognized for our continued efforts around diversity and inclusion.

We are committed to the long-term vitality of the people, communities and the planet we share and are
proud of our impact in these areas. We look forward to sharing more about these accomplishments as well
as many others with you through our Purpose-led Performance Report, which will be issued early next
year.

Before turning it over to Mike, I'd like to make some qualitative comments regarding 2022. To be clear,
we are not providing 2022 guidance at this time. We are a growth company, and we expect to grow in
both of our segments next year. At the foundation of our sales growth is the rising consumer demand for
flavor fueled by younger generations. We've intentionally focused on great categories that are growing
and generating a long-term tailwind. We're capitalizing on the long-term consumer trends that accelerated
during the pandemic, and we're successfully executing on our strategies and initiatives.

In this dynamic and fast-paced environment, we are ensuring that we remain focused on long-term,
sustainable growth. Recently, cost pressures have rapidly accelerated, and we're preparing for them to
remain in 2022. We plan to mitigate these costs, which we expect to fully offset over time through a
combination of CCI-led cost savings, revenue management initiatives and pricing actions as needed. In
addition, we're taking prudent steps to reduce discretionary spend where possible.

We also expect the impact of COVID-19 to persist into 2022, which will create continued broad-based
supply chain challenges. We've successfully demonstrated in the past our ability to manage through
inflationary environments and cost pressures.

Importantly, our strong growth trajectory supports our confidence in our long-term financial algorithm
to drive continuous value creation through top line growth and margin expansion. We have a strong
foundation and remain focused on the long-term goals, strategies and values that have made us so
successful. Around the world, McCormick employees drive our momentum and success, and I thank them
for their hard work, engagement and dedication, particularly in such a volatile environment.

And now I'll turn it over to Mike.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, and good morning, everyone. For the reasons Lawrence mentioned, my comments will also
include comparisons to 2019. Starting on Slide 13. Our top line growth continues to be strong. We grew
constant currency sales 5% during the third quarter compared to last year, with incremental sales from
our Cholula and FONA acquisitions contributing 4% across both segments. Higher volume and mix drove
our organic sales increase with Flavor Solutions' growth offsetting a decline in the Consumer segment.
Versus the third quarter of 2019, we grew sales 15% in constant currency with both segments growing
double digits.

During the third quarter, our Consumer segment continued to lap last year's exceptionally high demand.
Versus 2020, our third quarter Consumer segment sales declined 1% in constant currency, which includes
a 3% increase from the Cholula acquisition. Compared to the third quarter of 2019, Consumer segment
sales grew 14% in constant currency.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 30, 2021

On Slide 14, Consumer segment sales in the Americas declined 1% in constant currency, lapping the
elevated lockdown demand in the year ago period as well as the logistics challenges Lawrence mentioned
earlier. Incremental sales from the Cholula acquisition contributed 3% growth. Compared to the third
quarter of 2019, sales increased 17% in constant currency, led by significant growth in the McCormick,
Lawry's, Grill Mates, OLD Bay, Frank's RedHot, Cholula, Zatarain, Gourmet Garden, Simply Asia, Stubb's
and El Guapo-branded products. That's a lot of brands. Partially offset by a decline in private label.

In EMEA, constant currency Consumer sales declined 11% from a year ago, also due to lapping the high
demand across the region last year. Notably, this decline includes strong growth in our Eastern European
market on top of their significant volume growth last year, which was more than offset by declines in the
region's other markets. On a 2-year basis, sales increased 10% in constant currency, driven by strong
growth in our Kamis, Schwartz and Frank's RedHot branded products.

Consumer sales in the Asia/Pacific region increased 11% in constant currency due to the recovery of
branded foodservice sales with a partial offset from the decline in consumer demand as compared to
the elevated levels in the year ago period. Sales increased 4% compared to the third quarter of 2019,
including a sales decline in India, resulting from a slower COVID-19 recovery.

Turning to our Flavor Solutions segment and Slide 17. We grew third quarter constant currency sales 17%,
including an 8% increase from our FONA and Cholula acquisitions. The year-over-year increase, led by the
Americas and EMEA regions, was due to strong growth with both packaged food and beverage customers
and in away-from-home products. Compared to the third quarter of 2019, Flavor Solutions segment sales
grew 16% in constant currency.

In the Americas, Flavor Solutions constant currency sales grew 19% year-over-year, with FONA and
Cholula contributing 12%. Volume and product mix increased driven by significantly higher sales through
branded foodservice customers, together with growth from packaged food and beverage companies with
strength in snack seasonings. On a 2-year basis, sales increased 15% in constant currency versus 2019
with higher sales from acquisitions and packaged food and beverage companies, partially offset by the exit
of some lower-margin business.

In EMEA, constant currency sales grew 19% compared to last year due to increased sales to QSRs and
branded foodservice customers as well as continued growth momentum with packaged food and beverage
companies. Constant currency sales increased 23% versus the third quarter of 2019, driven by strong
sales growth with packaged food and beverage companies and QSR customers. In the Asia/Pacific region,
Flavor Solutions sales rose 1% in constant currency versus last year and increased 8% in constant
currency versus the third quarter of 2019, both driven by QSR growth and partially impacted by the timing
of our customers' limited time offers and promotional activities.

As seen on Slide 21, adjusted operating income, which excludes transaction and integration costs related
to the Cholula and FONA acquisitions as well as special charges, was comparable to the third quarter of
last year, including a 3% favorable impact from currency. Adjusted operating income in the Consumer
segment declined 10% to $188 million or in constant currency 12%, driven by the cost pressures from
inflation and logistics challenges, partially offset by CCI-led cost savings. These logistics challenges not
only impacted costs but also negatively impacted sales.

In the Flavor Solutions segment, adjusted operating income rose 32% to $84 million or 27% in constant
currency. Higher sales, CCI-led cost savings and favorable product mix as we continue to migrate
our portfolio more than offset the cost pressures in this segment. Across both segments, incremental
investment spending for our ERP program was offset by lower COVID-19 costs compared to last year.
During the quarter, we invested in brand marketing ahead of last year. And notably, we have increased our
investments 11% on a year-to-date basis.

As seen on Slide 22, adjusted gross profit margin declined 260 basis points, driven primarily by the cost
pressures we are experiencing and the lag in pricing. Our selling, general and administrative expense as a
percentage of sales declined 110 basis points, driven by leverage from sales growth. These impacts netted
to an adjusted operating margin decline of 150 basis points. In addition to the factors I mentioned a few
moments ago, a sales shift between segments unfavorably impacted both gross and operating margins.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 30, 2021

Turning to income taxes. Our third quarter adjusted effective tax rate was 14.1% compared to 19.3% in
the year ago period. Both periods were favorably impacted by discrete tax items with a larger impact this
year due to the favorable impact of a reversal of a tax accrual.

Adjusted income from unconsolidated operations declined 5% versus the third quarter of 2020. Based
on our year-to-date results, we now expect a mid-single-digit increase in our adjusted income from
unconsolidated operations for 2021, up from our previous projection of a low single-digit decrease. This
improvement is driven by strong performance from our McCormick de Mexico joint venture.

At the bottom line, as shown on Slide 25, third quarter 2021 adjusted earnings per share was $0.80
compared to $0.76 for the year ago period. The increase was primarily driven by a lower adjusted income
tax rate. As compared to the third quarter of 2019, our 10% increase in adjusted earnings per share was
primarily driven by sales growth.

On Slide 26, we've summarized highlights for cash flow and the quarter-end balance sheet. Through
the third quarter of 2021, our cash flow from operations was $373 million, which is lower than the same
period last year. The decrease was primarily due to the payment of transaction and integration costs and
higher use of cash associated with working capital. This includes the impact of planned higher inventory
levels to support significantly increased demand and to mitigate supply and service issues as well as buffer
against cost volatility.

Through the third quarter, we've returned $272 million of this cash to our shareholders through dividends
and used $190 million for capital expenditures. Our priority is to continue to have a balanced use of cash,
funding investments to drive growth, returning a significant portion to our shareholders through dividends
and paying down debt.

Now turning to our 2021 financial outlook on Slides 27 and 28. With our broad and advantaged flavor
portfolio, our robust operating momentum and effective growth strategies, we are well positioned for
another year of differentiated growth and underlying performance, tempered by the higher inflation ahead
of pricing and the logistic challenges we previously mentioned.

For 2021, we are projecting top line and earnings growth from our strong base business and acquisition
contribution with earnings growth partially offset by incremental COVID-19 costs and ERP investment as
well as a higher projected adjusted effective tax rate. We continue to expect an estimated 3 percentage
point favorable impact of currency rates on sales, and for the adjusted operating income and adjusted
earnings per share, a 2 percentage point favorable impact of currency rates.

At the top line, due to our strong year-to-date results and robust operating momentum, we now expect to
grow constant currency sales 9% to 10%, which is the high end of our previous projection of 8% to 10%
and includes a 4% incremental impact from the Cholula and FONA acquisitions. We had initially projected
an incremental acquisition impact in the range of 3.5% to 4%. We anticipate our organic growth will be
led by higher volume and product mix, driven by our category management, brand marketing and new
products as well as pricing.

We're now projecting our 2021 adjusted gross profit margin to be 150 to 170 basis points lower than 2020
due to the increase in cost pressures I mentioned earlier. While we continue to expect a mid-single-digit
increase in inflation for the year, it has moved higher and is now approaching a double-digit increase in the
fourth quarter. Overall, our projected adjusted gross margin compression reflects unfavorable impact from
sales mix between segments, cost inflation and COVID-19 costs, partially offset by pricing and margin
accretion from the Cholula and FONA acquisitions.

As a reminder, we price to offset cost increases. We do not margin up. Our estimate for COVID-19 cost
remains unchanged at $60 million in 2021 versus $50 million in 2020 and is weighted to the first half of
the year.

Reflecting the change in gross profit margin outlook, we are lowering our expected constant currency
adjusted operating income growth. Our adjusted operating income growth rate reflects expected strong
underlying performance from our base business and acquisitions, projected to be 8% to 10% constant
currency growth, which includes the higher inflation ahead of pricing and logistics challenges and partially

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 30, 2021

offset by a 1% reduction from increased COVID-19 costs compared to 2020 and a 3% reduction from the
estimated incremental ERP investment. This results in a total projected adjusted operating income growth
rate of 4% to 6% in constant currency. This projection includes the mid-single-digit inflationary pressure
as well as our CCI-led cost savings target of approximately $110 million. It also includes an expected low
single-digit increase in brand marketing investments.

Considering the year-to-date impact from discrete items, we now project our 2021 adjusted effective
income tax rate to be approximately 21% as compared to our previous projection of 23%. This outlook
versus our 2020 adjusted effective tax rate is expected to be a headwind to our 2021 adjusted earnings
per share growth of approximately 1%.

We are lowering our 2021 adjusted earnings per share expectations to 5% to 7% growth, which includes
a favorable impact from currency. This reflects our lower adjusted operating profit outlook and lower
adjusted income tax rate as well as the higher adjusted income from unconsolidated operations.

Our guidance range for adjusted earnings per share in 2021 is now $2.97 to $3.02. This compares to
$2.83 of adjusted earnings per share in 2020 and represents 8% to 10% growth in constant currency from
our strong base business and acquisition performance, partially offset by the impacts related to COVID-19
costs, our incremental ERP investment and the tax headwind.

I'll now turn it back to Lawrence.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Now that Mike has shared our financial results and outlook in more detail, I would like to recap the key
takeaways as seen on Slide 29. Our third quarter results reflect a robust and sustained growth momentum
as we grow strong sales growth despite a challenging year-over-year comparison. Year-to-date versus
2019, we have driven significant double-digit growth rates for sales, adjusted operating profit and
earnings per share. We have a strong foundation and a balanced portfolio, which drives consistency in our
performance. We expect higher at-home consumption will persist beyond the pandemic and are continuing
the momentum we are gaining in away-from-home consumption. We're confident the growth momentum
of our business is sustainable.

As a reminder, McCormick has grown and compounded that growth successfully over the years regardless
of short-term pressures. Our strong growth trajectory supports our confidence in our long-term growth
algorithm to drive continuous value creation to top line growth and margin expansion. We're driving
McCormick forward and building value for our shareholders.
Now let's turn to your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 30, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Maybe to start out, at our recent conference and then again this morning, you alluded to cost and supply
chain disruptions likely continuing into fiscal '22. Others have made very similar sort of comments. Of
course, you'll have more pricing kicking in, among other actions, to mitigate some of the challenges. I
think you also had mentioned that ERP costs could be offset by COVID expenses coming down. So I guess
things remain very fluid, of course, and you're not obviously giving specific '22 guidance as of yet. But
I'm trying to get a sense of whether sort of an on-algorithm year, particularly on the profit side, would be
too much to ask in fiscal '22 at this stage, all things considered, particularly given what I assume will be
continued margin pressure at least through the first half of next year.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Right. Well, first of all, Andrew, thanks for the opportunity to talk about a pretty high-level question right
out of the gate. In your question, you included a couple of my points that I would actually make to answer
it. Beginning with, just to be clear, I'm not going to give guidance for next year. It's -- there are a lot of
moving parts. Things are fluid. We are right in the middle of putting together our budgets for next year
right now.

As we said in the call, our long -- we're very confident about our algorithm over the long term. I'm just
not ready to talk about it in 2022 specifically just yet. But in our prepared marks, I did say we expect
growth in both segments. And so I'll start there and then I'll bring it back to profit.

Our -- McCormick is unique in that we've been differentiated by strong growth. The underlying trends that
support our business includes a demographic tailwind from younger consumers that has nothing to do with
the pandemic. And then many of the consumption trends, we believe, were reinforced and accelerated by
the pandemic. So we believe that going into the pandemic, our growth was differentiated already. Through
it, it's been differentiated. And coming out, it continues to be differentiated.

We've made investments, including during the time of this pandemic, both organic and through smart
acquisitions that put our portfolio more and more into high-growth categories like hot sauce and flavor.
And on top of this, we're going to have the top line benefit of pricing in 2022. So we have confidence in
strong growth going forward.

For operating profit, there are a lot of puts and takes. Over the last few years, we've had rising ERP
investment. Over the last 2, we've had the shock of extraordinary COVID costs. And right now we, as
everyone else, not just in our industry but across business in general, are wrestling with decades-high
inflation. And we're -- that's an area where we're not unique.

The first 2 of these, rising European investment versus COVID costs, those should largely offset in 2022.
And I think that given the magnitude of the cost, as we've described them previously, everyone should
have an expectation around those largely offsetting.

And versus the cost pricing is going to kick in. Pricing has lagged, we -- our pricing in the U.S., largely
going into effect in the fourth quarter in particular. And so I would expect that we would see -- you should
expect to see the benefits from that not just on the top line, but running through the P&L.

But remember, the math says that margins compress when we take pricing. Our approach is to take
pricing to pass through costs, and so both the numerator and the denominator go up. And so the fraction
gets a little bit smaller. So while we do expect that pricing to come in, it would be reasonable to expect

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 30, 2021

some level of margin compression. Nonetheless, with the pricing action and other steps we'll take to offset
cost and the top line growth that we expect, I think it's very reasonable to expect solid operating profit
growth next year. I'm not ready yet to say if it's exactly on algorithm.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Right. Appreciate that color. That's helpful. And then one very quick follow-up, and it may be tough to
parse out. In the quarter, though, is it -- are you able to sort of break out what impact some of the supply
constraints may have had on overall sort of company organic growth? I think organic growth was up
about 1%. I don't know if some of the supply constraints were significant enough that it would have
meaningfully changed what organic growth looked like in the quarter.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

It actually did have an impact on the fourth quarter. I think we're -- sorry, did I say fourth? I misspoke
there. That's -- it's third quarter. And we haven't quantified that and I'm not prepared to, but it was
material.

We normally would not have a backlog at all. And to have the idea of having a backlog of orders is
unprecedented. We have a backlog that's measurable in days, and so it did have a -- it definitely had an
impact. It would have been our hope to actually continue to rebuild trade inventories as we went through
the quarter, which has not yet been fully recovered, and we were not able to do so. We really wanted and
planned to ship more.

These logistics challenges are very real. It is -- we've gone from a very strategic discussion just now to a
very tactical one. But just simply getting product out there has been a challenge in the face of the -- what
is still very high demand at the same time that we're having these logistical challenges. I'd say that the
trade channels are still a bit starved for inventory.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Plus, you'd notice, we did narrow our range on sales to the high end of the range. So we have very strong
confidence in the fourth quarter.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just on pricing, are there any geographies or categories or brands where maybe getting the pricing
you hoped for has been a little more challenging than in others? And I guess I'm curious, where are
you in your, I guess, journey, so to speak, of taking incremental pricing to offset some of the newer or
more severe headwinds you're facing? I'm trying to figure out if you're still having conversations with
customers. Do you feel most of the heavy lifting is done there for maybe some of the second rounds? That
would be helpful.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, first of all, I won't say that there is a particular problem. These actions always have some degree of
commercial tension in them. And so I don't want to get too specific there. It's not so much that they're
ongoing conversations with customers. I think that there are some new conversations to be had.

All of our actions on pricing are on track, particularly for the U.S. The price increases that we talked about
earlier in the year, that's been sold in. There is a time lag, though, especially with how quickly costs have
gone up. Inflation has accelerated since we launched those pricing plans. And so there's more work to do

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 30, 2021

in that area in 2022. The phase-in of most of our actions is happening in Q4, and we would expect to see
the benefit of that in 2022.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

And I think I'd point you back, Ken, to historical perspective here. We've had high inflationary periods in
the past in the 2008, 2009 time frame, 2011, 2012 where we successfully put in pricing and actually both
onto U.S. Consumer during one of those time periods. And we're able to pass through the pricing. We also
pull a lot of other levers, whether it's CCI, discretionary spending to get to Andrew's point about getting
back on algorithm from a profit perspective.

Operator

Next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I think this question will sound like Ken's question, maybe a different tack though. Is the conversation
different with retailers on how to take pricing or how to think about pricing in the latest -- in relation to
the latest acceleration? Because I think some retailers out there consider the supply chain disruption to
be temporary. The labor challenges will go away. And as a result, does that mean you have to shift more
towards, I don't know, more variable actions on promotions or packaging changes rather than a straight-
up list price increase?

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, again, I've got to say that I can't get specific about any one particular customer. Certainly, the
pricing actions that we just took, we had a lot of company going out there. And so I think retailers, what
they heard from us was similar to what they heard from others.

I'm not so sure -- we have not gotten that kind of feedback that retailers think that these increases are
transitory. There's been some discussion about inflation not continuing to escalate, but there hasn't been
any discussion about just not being a reset of pricing levels. And I think that there's broad recognition of
that. And I will say that I was on a call with Chairman Jerome Powell yesterday where he was saying very
much the same thing.

And so I think that the outlook is that these costs are not transient. They are here to stay, and they're
eventually going to have to find their way through in the form of pricing that gets to the consumer and the
belt tightening across the entire supply chain, including us as a supplier to our customers.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. Great. So what you're saying is it's similar types of conversations. There's no different types of
pushback on the second round compared to the first round. It's a similar conversation.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. I'm not differentiating between the 2 right now. I think if I go much further than that, I'm getting into
specifics that are a bit too granular and too prospective.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. Anything else you want to tell us about what Jerome Powell said? Or do you want to leave it at that?

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 30, 2021

Just like us, he's got to do it in a public forum, so it's all out there.

Operator

The next question is coming from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

So I guess on the inflation dynamics, you've highlighted specifically logistics and packaging. And I just
want to be clear, is that more on the ocean freight side? Is it domestic trucking? All of the above?

And beyond those 2 discrete buckets, is there anything notable in terms of your own wage rates? And are
you seeing pressures in your own labor force domestically given the rise in -- given the broad-based labor
pressures you're seeing?

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Hey, Adam, it's Mike. I'll take this, and Lawrence may add a few comments. I mean like we said on the
call, it is -- you're right, it's 80% to 90% of it is really logistics, transportation, packaging, things like that.
So we have a really good line of sight to our commodity costs in the fourth quarter, obviously.

It's really both ocean freight, but also domestic freight. And you've actually seen after Hurricane Ida,
some of the domestic rates have gone up again. So that's part of the new news that I think we're all
experiencing in the U.S. in particular. You've seen globally in the U.K. natural gas challenges and things
like that, too, and trucking challenges. So it's both getting it here and getting it to customers.

From a wage rate perspective, we've taken actions just like other companies have to try to aggressively
attract talent in our manufacturing facilities and DCs with retention bonuses and other actions like that. So
I think to Lawrence's point, these labor rates aren't going to go back down. These are -- these have been
a reset of cost level that may not escalate further. That's to be seen. But it's not -- we're not going to have
deflation on labor rates.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Right. And I'll tell you -- I'll just add to that, that the cost increases that we're talking about are --
these are not things that are unique to McCormick at all. The biggest increases have been on package
materials and on transportation costs, followed by raw material and labor. And I'd say that we look a lot
like everybody else in that regard.

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then if I could ask a more longer-term margin question, and it's really in the
Flavor Solutions business. And I guess I'm thinking to the kind of a couple of years pre-COVID in that
business, and you've done a -- through acquisition and internal initiatives, have done a lot of heavy lifting
to get the margins in that business to the kind of 14%, 15% level from about 10% back in 2015, 2016.
And we're now back in the 13% to 14% range.

I'm just trying to think about where that business can go from here once we maybe get through some of
these price cost imbalances in the near term? Do you think there's a lot more room on mix to really push
that business higher? Are there investments in technology and R&D on the flavor side that you've got to
accelerate to temper that? I'm just trying to think about that being a driver of earnings growth maybe
beyond some of the shorter-term inflationary pressures that we're experiencing right now.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 30, 2021

Adam, we're going to have to bring you in to help write some of our IR materials. The -- we have great
confidence in the margin trajectory of our Flavor Solutions business. We're really changing the portfolio.
The big driver of our margin improvement over time has been the shift in the portfolio to more value-
added, technically insulated products. We've made organic investments in that part of the business. We've
done acquisitions in that part of the business to accelerate the growth. And as the portfolio continues to
shift in that direction, it's going to drive a -- kind of a really, a structural improvement in margin. Those
are just categories that command a better margin, and it's going to mix the business up.

And at the same time, we've made the decision to get out of some of the lower-margin stuff, some of
which is really low margin. And we found graceful ways of exiting some of that without getting on the
wrong side of the customer relationships. So I'd say our long-term outlook for continued expansion of our
Flavor Solution is one of the things that underpins our confidence in our long-term algorithm.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

And I think like the FONA acquisition has even given us more confidence in continuing to migrate that
portfolio with really combining their technical expertise with ours.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

And I'll just chime -- there's been -- a number of the notes are going to try and parse it -- organic sales
out from acquisition and so on. Yes, we're going to -- we're reporting 100% of what we sell on FONA as
acquisition related. But we have grown that business tremendously since we bought it. And we're very...

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Same with Cholula.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

And same with Cholula as well. But your question specifically is about Flavor Solutions, and that's really
part of that portfolio migration.

Operator

Next question is coming from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel.

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I just had a question for you, if I could, in relation to pricing. Just to understand, would you expect that
your pricing would offset your inflation once all your pricing is in place?

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

I'm going to say that all of the levers that we're going to pull will. But part of what CCI does is offset
inflation to an extent. Part of it offsets cost increases. And part of it, we bring in to reinvest in the business
in other ways, and part of it makes its way to the bottom line, and that's the intent. So expecting that
over time, we will recover all of the costs through all of the levers. It won't be 100% through pricing.

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

That's okay. Yes. I understand. And the other question I was going to say was just as you get into -- is it
expected that you would have a lot of these levers pulled by, say, first quarter of '22? I know you've got
some pricing going into place in the fourth quarter. I'm not trying to get to an exact time or guidance for
next year, just to understand the time frame around pulling all these levers.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 30, 2021

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

I think that I don't want to get too deep into talking about 2022. I did want to give guidance for the year.
And I don't want to give guidance for any of the quarter. But I do think -- but I think that this is something
that's going to unfold over time.

We've taken pricing actions. We've said that inflation has continued to accelerate. So there's more to go.
And I think that to think it's all going to be in place in Q1 is probably not...

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And also, you realize that there's a lot of focus on the U.S. timing, but this happens around the world
at different time points based on local. So we'll have a lot more to say in the January call.

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Understood. Okay. And I had just one other question and it's just more to understand kind of this
inventory situation, we'll call it, I guess and rebuilding. We can debate IRI or Nielsen data, but it shows
like your U.S. sales down 11%. And again, we can debate that number. I see your Americas business,
again, not a perfect representation totally, the U.S. being down 4%. Is that gap the sort of inventory build
you expected for this quarter year-over-year knowing that you were shipping below inventory -- below
consumption a year ago? Or is there more inventory build to come, I guess, is what I'm trying to get to.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Consider to math go -- looking back 2 years, so look at the undisturbed 2019. Last year, you're right,
we weren't shipping to consumption. Demand was extraordinarily elevated. And if you strip out the
acquisition, demand -- consumption is up 19%. Our shipments are up 13%. So just this right math on
that would suggest we undershipped by about 6 percentage points, which is very substantial. We did that
same math in Q2, and it was -- we were ahead by 4%. So it would look like we've unwound some of the
inventory build that we did.

But in 2019, we had a holiday terms program in place, which we normally would do. I mean normally in
the third quarter, we're starting to build trade inventories for the heavy fall season. And so that would
have been part of the underlying demand.

So when you net that all out, we think we're pretty close to even on shipping versus the true change
in consumption. But that includes not being able to build for the trade inventories for the holiday as we
would have hoped. And so we do think that we're a bit -- that as I said on one of the questions earlier,
that the trade channel right now is a bit starved for inventory in the U.S.

Now we think of that as really sloshing between third and fourth quarter, and it's still going to end up
getting captured within the year. So it doesn't much change our outlook for the full year. It makes us
anticipate a pretty strong fourth quarter. But to bring it back to where we are in rebuilding, we're not as
far along as we would have hoped.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

And you might have just -- I think you sort of addressed this in response to Chris' question, but just to
play it back. So when we think about your intention to fully offset pressures over time and appreciating
that there's a rolling process to this, I think -- I don't know if, Chris -- if you were speaking to Chris, your
response specifically on pricing or just all the offsets. But I guess what I'm trying to get a sense for is just

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 30, 2021

on those rolling offsets, when do you think you hit run rate, your run rate achievement of those offsets?
Is that a middle of next year type of time line? Or is it more realistic to think that it progresses all the way
through, and it's not until the -- closer to the end of '22, where you hit the full offset run rate? Just trying
to get a sense, order of magnitude, the pacing of your effort.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I mean obviously, I mean, a lot depends on the future cost environment, too. And that's -- I mean we
put in pricing in the U.S. to -- it's going to partially hit in the fourth quarter, like we said last quarter. The
full impact is going to be in 2022. Now if costs continue to accelerate, we'll have to address that with other
actions. But it's -- I think it's speculative at this point to try to call '22.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

And the timing by quarter and then by halves.

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. No, okay. Okay. Fair enough. Can I ask just a cleanup on tax? And appreciating the discrete benefits
you've now realized in '21, and I'm not asking for 22. Just on a normalized basis, how should we think
about your -- sort of the tax run rate for the business going forward? And if you have any color on cash
taxes versus GAAP taxes, that would be great as well.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

No, it's a great question. And obviously -- and we talked about this. Actually, our 10-Q discloses the
amount. We talked about kind of an underlying rate of 24% to 25% based on the country mix, the
underlying tax rates that we have and our expectations for the year.

And generally, what happens and what happened this quarter, there are discrete either programs that our
tax team runs, there are acquisitions in the past that we clean up some of the assumptions or estimates,
or there's statute of limitations that drop off where we've tended to realize some discrete tax benefits. So
it's exactly what happened this quarter.

But under the current tax regime, with GILTI and FDII and all these things globally, it's 24% to 25%.
Obviously, we're all waiting to see what happens in Washington to see what future rates are. And I'd say
our cash taxes are pretty close to that, too.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

We pay our fair share.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Rob Dickerson with Jefferies.

Robert Frederick Dickerson
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Great. Just wanted to touch on private label for a second given -- I think you still operate that side of the
business a bit as well as brands. Obviously, there's been kind of ongoing discussion kind of where state
of that overall industry kind of sits as we kind of get through the pandemic. I'm just curious kind of given
some of the comments around, let's say, trade inventory not exactly where you want it to be going fall
date and to the pricing forthcoming, I'm just kind of curious what you've seen or heard from the retailers
as of late around demand for kind of your private label products versus brands. And then just kind of how
you think about price gaps as you kind of enter this pricing phase? That's the first one question.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 30, 2021

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Generally, across all categories, private label is -- it's lost share through the pandemic and brand as a
group have gained. And in the recent results that we just announced, our brands were strong. Private
label is one of the soft points.

When it comes to pricing, the costs are going up for every raw materials, packaging, labor and
transportation, and that applies to private label as well. And so it's pricing actions that we're going forward
for our -- include the private label products that we manufacture. And I would expect that in many cases,
just because they are priced at a lower price point, that they may see a higher percentage inflation rate
because the same dollars costs going through, it's going to be a bigger percentage.

Robert Frederick Dickerson
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Okay. Fair enough. And then just quickly, we've obviously heard from a lot of different companies that. So
far, elasticity measures look great, right, relative to history given some of this elevated demand. I'm just
curious, again, I know you're not giving '22 guidance, but you have to have some thoughts as to kind of
what you might be baking in on the elasticity side.

And kind of what I'm hearing is that there's growth expected in those segments next year. And pricing
coming, I'm kind of assuming that the answer here is that there could be some incremental distribution
gains to offset some elasticity, demand remains elevated. So just kind of any comments around that kind
of volume side versus the price side and where you think elasticity can shake out.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure. The demand remains elevated. Our categories that we're in, were already growing before the
pandemic and continue to grow through it. And there's -- we've talked endlessly about the underlying
demand for flavor growing. The younger consumers are fueling that. And as we've gone through the
pandemic, we've gained household penetration, and usage rates are up. And we haven't talked about
it much, but we -- I think we had a comment about it in the prepared remarks, that the purchases per
purchase occasion are up a lot.

And so consumers are buying more of our products, and we expect that to continue to be the case. So I'd
say our outlook is -- continues to be positive for strong sales growth. And if you look at consensus sales
for next year that are out there, they're pretty anemic. And I guess we're trying to gently suggest that
there's a reason to reconsider that.

Operator

Our final question is a follow-up from the line of Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Just very quickly, Lawrence, I think you quantified on a 2-year basis, Americas, shipments, up 13%;
consumption, up 19%. And doesn't that also include your private label business being down in that 2-year
period? So therefore, the gap isn't really 600 basis points. It might be a little bit less?

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

It's a very small number overall compared to our branded portfolio, the change less -- definitely less than
1% differential.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 30, 2021

Less than 1%.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Yes.

Operator

At this time, I'll turn the floor back to management for closing remarks.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Oh my gosh, we're out of questions. Great. Thanks, everyone, for your questions and for participating
on today's call. McCormick is differentiated by the breadth and the reach of our balance portfolio, which
has sustainably positioned us for growth. We're very pleased with our outstanding year-to-date operating
performance, which proves the strength of our business model, the value of our products and capabilities
as a company.

Looking ahead, we expect to drive even further growth as we continue to execute on our strategy, actively
respond to changing consumer behavior and capitalize on new opportunities. Thank you for your time this
morning.

Kasey A. Jenkins
Vice President of Investor Relations
Thank you, Lawrence, and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. If you have any further questions
regarding today's information, please reach out to me. This concludes this morning's call. Have a good
day, everybody.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 30, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

