McCormick & Company, Incorporated 

NYSE:MKC
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, July 01, 2021 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.62

0.69

Revenue  (mm)

1466.21

1556.70

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jun-29-2021 3:26 AM GMT

11.29

6.17

0.76

2.99

3.16

1490.08

6121.73

6239.28

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.76

0.82

0.58

0.62

0.76

0.79

0.72

0.69

1.32 %

(3.66 %)

24.14 %

11.29 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

13

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 01, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Kasey A. Jenkins
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Peter Thomas Galbo
BofA Securities, Research Division

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 01, 2021

Presentation

Kasey A. Jenkins
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning. This is Kasey Jenkins, Vice President of McCormick Investor Relations. Thank you
for joining today's second quarter earnings call. To accompany this call, we posted a set of slides at
ir.mccormick.com. We will begin with remarks from Lawrence Kurzius, Chairman, President and CEO; and
Mike Smith, Executive Vice President and CFO, and we will close with a question-and-answer session.

During this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These include information in
constant currency as well as adjusted gross profit margin, adjusted operating income, adjusted income
tax rate, adjusted income from unconsolidated operations and adjusted earnings per share that exclude
the impact of special charges, transaction and integration expenses related to the acquisitions of Cholula
and FONA and a gain realized upon the sale of our unconsolidated operations. Reconciliations to the GAAP
results are included in this morning's press release and slides. In our comments, certain percentages are
rounded. Please refer to our presentation for complete information.

In addition, as a reminder, today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking
statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes
no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new
information, future events or other factors. As seen on Slide 2, our forward-looking statement also
provides information on risk factors that could affect our financial results.

I will now turn the discussion over to Lawrence.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Kasey. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Throughout the pandemic, we
remained steadfast in our focus on our growth, performance and people strategies, while ensuring the
health and safety of our employees and positioning McCormick to emerge stronger from the crisis.

We continued to execute from a position of strength through the combination of our business model, the
strategic investments we have made and the capabilities we've built as an organization. Our broad and
advantaged global flavor portfolio, the acceleration of consumer trends that our strategies capitalize on
and the effective execution of those strategies, as well as our recent acquisitions of 2 fantastic businesses
and, importantly, the engagement of our employees have positioned us well to drive differentiated growth
despite challenging comparisons as we lapped very strong growth last year.

Our second quarter results were strong on top of our exceptional second quarter performance last year
and also reflects our robust growth momentum on a 2-year basis, as seen on Slide 4. We delivered
significant double-digit 2-year growth rate for sales, adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per
share and expanded adjusted gross profit and adjusted operating margins, even considering increased
COVID-19 and inflation costs as well as planned brand marketing investments. We are driving growth
through executing on our long-term strategies, actively responding to changing consumer behaviors and
capitalizing on new opportunities. We are emerging stronger.

As we enter the second half of the year, we continue to be confident in the effectiveness of our strategies,
our growth trajectory and that we are well positioned to deliver another year of differentiated growth
in 2021 with an even stronger outlook. As seen on Slide 5, we have a broad and advantaged global
flavor portfolio with compelling offerings for every retail and customer strategy across all channels. The
breadth and reach of our portfolio across segments, geographies, channels, customers and product
offerings creates a balanced and diversified portfolio to drive consistency in our performance in a volatile
environment as evidenced again by our second quarter results.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 01, 2021

During last year's second quarter, the onset of the pandemic drove a surge in consumers cooking and
eating more at home, at-home consumption, resulting in a substantial increase in our consumer segment
demand as well as increases with our packaged food company customers in our Flavor Solutions segment.
Last year, we also experienced a sharp decline in demand from our restaurant and other foodservice
customers for the away-from-home products in our portfolio. Our second quarter results reflect the
lapping of these year-ago comparisons as well as the sustained shift to consumer at-home consumption
higher than pre-pandemic levels and a robust recovery from away-from-home customers.

Our second quarter results also include strong contributions from our Cholula and FONA acquisition,
which further extended the breadth and reach of our portfolio with new product offerings, channels and
customers. Taken together, these impacts continue to demonstrate the strength and diversity of our
offering, and we are confident in our balanced portfolio and will continue to differentiate McCormick and
sustainably position us for growth.

Now let me cover the highlights of our second quarter results. Turning to Slide 6. Total second quarter
sales grew 11% from the year-ago period. In constant currency, sales grew 8% attributable to substantial
growth in our Flavor Solutions segment, partially offset by a decline in our Consumer segment, both
impacted by the factors I mentioned a few moments ago. The considerable shift in sales between
segments resulted in an adjusted operating income decline of 1% or 4% in constant currency.

At the bottom line, our second quarter adjusted earnings per share was $0.69 compared to $0.74 in
the year-ago period, driven lower primarily by a higher tax rate. As we stated in our March earnings
call, we expect growth to vary by quarter in 2021, given 2020's level of demand volatility and the
pace of COVID-19 recovery. Importantly, though, we started the first half of the year with outstanding
performance. Year-to-date, we've grown sales and adjusted operating income 16% and 14% year-over-
year, respectively, both of which include 3% favorable impact from currency, and we've grown adjusted
earnings per share 10%.

While Mike will provide more details in a few moments, I'd like to comment on our outlook. With our first
half results and our robust operating momentum, we are increasing our 2021 outlook for sales, adjusted
operating income and adjusted earnings per share. We are operating in a dynamic cost environment, and
we're certainly not unique in experiencing cost pressures. We're seeing broad-based inflation across our
various commodities, packaging materials and transportation costs.

To offset rising costs, we are raising prices where appropriate. But usually, there is a lag time associated
with pricing, particularly with how quickly costs are escalating. And therefore, most of our actions won't go
into effect until late 2021. As pricing discussions are ongoing, we can't provide further specifics. We have
a demonstrated history of managing through inflationary periods with a combination of pricing and cost
savings.

Now let's turn to our second quarter segment business performance, which will include comparisons
to 2019 pre-pandemic level as we believe these to be more meaningful than the comparisons to 2020
given the dramatic shift in consumer consumption between at-home and away-from-home experienced in
the year-ago period. Starting on Slide 7. With our Consumer segment comparing to the highly elevated
demand levels in the second quarter of last year, sales declined by 2% or in constant currency, 5%.
Our Consumer segment's organic sales momentum on a 2-year basis was up double digits, highlighting
how sustained shift in consumer consumption continues to drive increased demand for our product, and
importantly, outpaces pre-pandemic levels.

Our Americas constant currency sales declined 7% in the second quarter with incremental sales from our
Cholula acquisition contributing 3% growth. Our total McCormick U.S. branded portfolio consumption as
indicated in our IRI consumption data and combined with unmeasured channels declined 26%, following a
55% consumption increase in the second quarter of 2020.

The difference between year-over-year shipment and consumption changes is attributable to 2 factors.
First, we undershipped consumption in the second quarter of last year. Second, we continued to replenish
retailer and consumer pantry inventories that were completed throughout last year. Demand has remained
high, and we continued to realize the benefit of our U.S. manufacturing capacity expansion.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 01, 2021

Throughout our first half of the year, we restored products, which had been suspended at the end of last
year and continued to see service levels improve, and we're refilling the inventory pipeline. As we have
said previously, inventory replenishment will progress throughout the year. Through working with our
customers on improving shelf conditions, we estimate approximately 90% of the suspended products are
now back on shelf.

We know in the categories most impacted by supply constraints, spices and seasonings and dry recipe
mix, there is a high correlation between our share performance and the shelf conditions resulting from
product suspension or allocation. Products that had strong supply and remained on shelf performed well
and as suspended products are restocked on shelf, we're seeing improved performance. This improvement
is somewhat masked due to the lapping of significant overall share gains in the second quarter of last year.
Importantly, we continue to anticipate regaining share as conditions continue to improve.

Focusing further on our U.S. branded portfolio, our IRI consumption data, combined with unmeasured
channels, indicates consumption of the portfolio grew 18% versus the second quarter of 2019, led by
significant growth in spices and seasonings and hot sauces, and also includes triple-digit pure-play growth
in e-commerce, with McCormick branded consumption outpacing all major categories. This is the third
consecutive quarter our U.S. branded portfolio consumption grew double digits in the mid- to high teens
versus the 2 year-ago period, which reflects the continuation of consumers cooking and using flavor more
at home and the strength of our categories. Our key categories continue to outpace the center of store
growth rates, favorably impacting not only the McCormick brand, but smaller brands as well.

Household penetration and repeat buy rates have also grown versus 2019. And when our consumers
shop, they were buying more of our products than they were prepandemic. And finally, for the Americas,
our initiative to reinvent the in-store experiences for spices and seasonings consumers with new
merchandising elements to improve navigation and drive inspiration is yielding great early results. Where
implemented, the category and McCormick branded growth is outpacing the rest of market, and we plan to
implement this in thousands of additional stores in the third quarter.

Now turning to EMEA, which has continued its outstanding momentum. We had strong market share
performance in the second quarter versus last year, maintaining or gaining share in our core brands and
markets following the strong gains in the second quarter last year. Notably, both Schwartz and Ducros
spices and seasonings as well as Frank's RedHot grew consumption during the second quarter against
a strong comparison to double-digit growth last year. And not only are we retaining new households we
gained last year, but we are also continuing to increase household penetration for the fifth consecutive
quarter.

Our investments in brand marketing in EMEA which significantly increased in the second quarter compared
to last year are proving to be effective as evidenced by the metrics I just discussed as well as our
achieving above benchmark rates for reach, engagement and click through, for instance, in our digital
marketing. Additionally, the creativity of our Vahiné Happy Birthday campaign received national media
attention in France as well as a prestigious award for its excellence in advertising and design.

On a 2-year basis, compared to the second quarter of 2019, we drove double-digit consumption growth
and market share gains in our core categories and markets, including total EMEA region spices and
seasoning, Vahiné homemade desserts in France and both Schwartz recipe mixes and Frank's RedHot in
the U.K. Since the beginning of the pandemic, our EMEA supply chain has been very well positioned to
meet the elevated demand and has contributed to our ability to grow share across the region.

In the Asia Pacific region, second quarter sales growth was strong. During this time last year, China's
Hubei province, where our Wuhan operations are located, remained in lockdown in part of the second
quarter, and our results reflect the recovery from that as well as the recovery of branded foodservice sales
in China. China's foodservice is almost fully returned to prepandemic levels with restaurant home delivery
increasing of popularity. Our consumer product demand declined due to lapping significant growth last
year.

In Australia, we continued to see elevated consumption and share gains versus the second quarter of 2019
with Frank's RedHot and subs consumption growing triple digits and gaining share. The Gourmet Garden,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 01, 2021

McCormick and Keene’s spice and seasonings outpacing the category with double-digit consumption
growth.

Across all our regions, our new products continue to be integral to our growth, and we're gaining
significant momentum for the recent launches. For instance, our Grill Mates all purpose seasoning and
our Frank's frozen appetizers are driving growth in the Americas as consumers have shifted their thinking
about convenience from no cooking to cooking easily. And in EMEA, the rollout of our first choice glass
bottle into the Eastern European market is going very well, increasing our relevance with consumers and
driving share gains as they perceive the glass bottle as a premium to sachets.

Moving forward, while we know we will be lapping challenging year-over-year consumption comparisons,
in the second half of the year, we are confident that we continue to capture the momentum in our
consumer segment. We have more consumers than pre-pandemic that have come into our brands, are
having a good experience and are buying our products again. We are excited about our growth trajectory
and expect continued and long-lasting growth from the sustained shift in consumers cooking more at
home, fueled by our brand marketing, new products and category management initiatives as well as
growth from our Cholula acquisition.

Turning to Slide 8. Our Flavor Solutions second quarter results include not only recovering from the
significant curtailment of away-from-home dining during last year's second quarter, but also the growth
momentum we are gaining with our restaurant and other foodservice customers as well as the continued
strong momentum with our packaged food and beverage customers. In the second quarter, our sales rose
39% or 34% at constant currency, with double-digit growth in all 3 regions. And on a 2-year basis, our
sales also increased double digits in all 3 regions.

In the Americas, our FONA and Cholula acquisitions made a strong contribution to our significant growth
in the second quarter, and we are executing on our strategy to shift our portfolio to more value-added
and technically insulated products. We continue to see strong growth in our consumer packaged food
customers while executing on our portfolio migration through new products and base business strength.
Compared to last year's second quarter, snack seasonings grew double digits with strong growth in core
iconic products as well as new products and the innovation pipeline continues to be robust.

Consumers rising global demand for hot spicy flavors is driving growth for our customer snacks and for
our seasonings that flavor them. And with the flavored hard seltzer trend accelerating, we are winning new
business and growing our flavor sales for beverages considerably, up triple digits in the second quarter.
Demand from our Americas away-from-home customer base for branded foodservice and restaurant
customers increased significantly due to the recovery I mentioned a few moments ago. Our away-
from-home rebound in this region is at a slower pace as our customer base is more skewed to branded
foodservice. We anticipate our demand from this channel will strengthen as the year progresses and more
dining options reopen.

In EMEA, as we cycled a significant decline in last year's second quarter from region-wide shutdowns,
our growth was substantial. Our sales to quick service restaurants, or QSRs, more than doubled from
the second quarter of last year and increased double digits from the same period in 2019, with particular
strength in the U.K. Turning to our consumer packaged food and beverage customers. We had strong
second quarter performance on top of last year's strong growth with growth in flavors for sweet beverages
and the hot and spicy trend fueling both base and new product growth in snack seasonings.

Our sales growth in the Asia Pacific region was partially due to the recovery from lockdowns, closures
and curfews in countries outside of China during the second quarter of last year as well as continued
momentum in Australia from QSR customers' limited time offer. Additionally, China, where QSRs were
opened in the second quarter of last year, delivered double-digit growth due to significant momentum and
limited time offers as well as strength in the core business.

Across all regions, we recognized a large part of our second quarter Flavor Solutions results were due to
the comparison to abnormally low away-from-home demand last year. Importantly, though, our growth
also includes contributions from FONA and Cholula, strong growth with packaged food and beverage
customers, both in the base business and the new product wins driven by our differentiated customer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 01, 2021

engagement and continuing momentum of QSRs, partially from their limited time offers and promotional
activity. While we know a portion of our second half growth will still be impacted by recovery, our second
quarter results and our effective growth strategies bolster our confidence in returning to our robust pre-
pandemic growth trajectory in our Flavor Solutions segment.

Now for a brief update on how we're driving growth with Cholula and FONA, starting with Cholula on Slide
9. In our Consumer segment, Cholula continues to outpace category growth and gained share, growing
consumption of 54% since the second quarter of 2019. We're using our category management expertise
to expand distribution points, including with the 2-ounce bottle size and expansion into new channels,
optimize shelf assortment and placement and gain momentum in e-commerce where Cholula has been
underpenetrated. We are increasing awareness through brand partnerships such as with HelloFresh and
DoorDash as well as through brand marketing investments and by leveraging promotional scale across
McCormick brand, including Cholula's best-ever Cinco de Mayo promotion with double the merchandising
in 2019 and scale with McCormick's taco seasoning.

Our initiatives are yielding results. We have grown total distribution points 11% and household penetration
5% since the second quarter of 2020. We recently launched Cholula wing sauces and also relaunched the
green pepper and chipotle flavors with cleaner formulas. And in our Flavor Solutions segment, we're using
our culinary foundation and insights on menu trends, to grow our back-of-house foodservice penetration
by increasing Cholula's menu participation. Since the beginning of the year, we've driven a 63% increase
in U.S. national chain restaurant locations activating a Cholula branded limited time offer. We are winning
in foodservice.

Now moving to FONA. We're excited by year-to-date double-digit sales growth compared to last year.
Beverages with particular strength in the fast-growing performance nutrition category continued to drive
significant growth for FONA, 14% on a year-to-date basis. We're driving growth with our global footprint.
For example, by leveraging Giotti's infrastructure, we're expanding flavors for our top FONA customer into
the EMEA region, with the first order being manufactured this month.

We're also leveraging McCormick's sustainability leadership to create new opportunities with FONA
customers. Combination of our capabilities has created new opportunities to bid on customer briefs to
capitalize on core strengths across McCormick and FONA, including McCormick's culinary focus and FONA's
speed to market.

FONA'S year-to-date new product wins and its pipeline potential has hit record highs fueling future growth.
We've also identified longer term opportunities to optimize our combined assets and technologies across
the network to expand our capacity and drive further solutions for our customers. Customer reaction
has been extremely positive. They are impressed for their early collaboration and excitement about our
increased customer value proposition continues to build.

Our enthusiasm for Cholula and FONA and our confidence we will deliver on our acquisition plans,
accelerate growth with these portfolios and drive shareholder value continue to strengthen. In fact, we're
now projecting the incremental sales contribution of these acquisitions to be at the high end of our 3.5%
to 4% guidance range.

Now I'd like to share some of our insights on long-term consumer trends, as seen on Slides 11 and 12.
Global demand for flavor remains the foundation for our sales growth. We are capitalizing on the growing
consumer interest in healthy, flavorful cooking, trusted brands as well as digital engagement and purpose-
minded practices. These long-term trends and the rising global demand for great taste are as relevant
today as they have been in the past with the younger generations continuing to fuel the demand for flavor
at a greater rate.

As we've shared previously, our proprietary consumer survey data supported by external research tells
us that consumers are enjoying the cooking experience. It provides a creative outlet, makes them feel
adventurous, reduces stress and connects the family, and they feel home cooked meals are healthier. In
a recent consumer survey from May, 68% of U.S. consumers surveyed state they are cooking more today
than prepandemic, and 78% claim they would maintain or increase their level of cooking at home, things
return to normal next week with no meaningful difference between those vaccinated and those not.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 01, 2021

Research indicates a continued increased level of cooking in other countries as well. Consumers have
formed new habits. They invested in new kitchen appliances and want to try new things. They want to
cook versus have to cook, but the majority of food from restaurants being consumed at home and over
70% of U.S. consumers are adding their own spices, seasonings and condiments to further flavor their
takeaway or deliver food, channels have become [ blurb ]. And lunch is the new meal to prepare at home.

With hybrid workplace models more common post pandemic, allowing employees to split time between the
office and home, research indicates at-home lunch occasions increasing up to 30%. We believe consumer
behavior and sentiment driving accelerated and sustained preference for cooking at home will continue
globally and persist beyond the pandemic and, combined with the effective execution of our growth
strategies, will further drive consumer demand for our products in 2021 and beyond.

Moving to Slide 13. We are making transformative investments, which will enable us to sustainably meet
increasing demand both for our products and our customers' product. We're investing in our supply
chain to expand our capacity and capabilities as well as increase our resiliency. For example, we are
increasing our condiment and seasoning capacity. We plan to optimize our distribution network with our
new Northeast U.S. distribution center, our largest in the world, and we are in the final stages of building
a new U.K. Flavor Solutions manufacturing facility, which is on track to become McCormick's first net-
zero carbon building. These investments will enable us to remain agile and scalable and deliver the future
growth that we expect.

Now for some summary comments. First, I am pleased to share an important milestone for McCormick.
With our overarching focus on growth and the successful execution of our strategy, we have consistently
driven industry-leading revenue growth, resulting in McCormick being made the latest Fortune 500 list of
companies by Fortune Magazine. We are proud of our sustained performance and being included on this
prestigious list.

We take pride in delivering our industry-leading financial performance while doing the right thing with
responsibility to the long-term vitality of people, communities and the planet we share. In May, we were
named a DiversityInc top 50 company for the fifth consecutive year. This recognition is a testament to our
emphasis on embracing and leveraging diversity and inclusion globally as well as our broader ESG efforts.

In summary, our fundamentals, momentum and growth outlook continue to be stronger than ever. Our
alignment with long-term consumer trends, the breadth and reach of our portfolio and a robust operating
momentum, combined with the successful execution of our strategy, bolsters our confidence in delivering
another strong year of growth and performance in 2021. Following an extraordinary year in 2020, our
2021 outlook reflects both our strong underlying base business performance and acquisitions driving
significant sales growth as well as strong operating income growth, even considering extraordinary
COVID-19 costs and our business transformation investments.

Our top-tier, long-term growth objectives remain unchanged, and we are sustainably positioned for
growth. I would like to recognize and thank McCormick employees around the world for their dedicated
efforts and engagement. They've done a tremendous job navigating this past year's volatile environment
and ensuring that we emerge stronger. With their agility, teamwork and passion for flavor and winning,
they drive our momentum and success.

Now I'll turn it over to Mike. Mike?

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Lawrence, and good morning, everyone. For the reasons Lawrence mentioned, my comments
will also include comparisons to 2019. Our second quarter performance was very strong. Starting with
our top line growth, as seen on Slide 17, we grew constant currency sales 8% during the second quarter
compared to last year, with incremental sales from our Cholula and FONA acquisitions contributing
5% across both segments. Higher volume and mix drove the 3% increase in organic sales with Flavor
Solutions growth offsetting a decline in the Consumer segment. Versus the second quarter of 2019, we
grew sales 18% in constant currency.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 01, 2021

During the second quarter, our Consumer segment lapped exceptionally high demand for our products,
driven by the surge in consumers cooking more at home at the onset of the pandemic. As such, versus
last year, our second quarter Consumer segment sales declined 5% in constant currency, which includes
a 2% increase from the Cholula acquisition. Compared to the second quarter of 2019, Consumer segment
sales grew 22% in constant currency.

On Slide 18, Consumer segment sales in the Americas lapping the demand surge in the year-ago period,
declined 7% in constant currency, including a 3% increase from the acquisition of Cholula. Compared
to the second quarter of 2019, sales increased 26% in constant currency, with significant broad-based
growth across the McCormick branded portfolio. In the EMEA, constant currency consumer sales declined
4% from a year ago. Also due to lapping the high demand across the region last year.

Notably, this decline includes growth in our U.K. and Eastern European markets on top of their significant
growth last year, which was more than offset by declines in the region's other markets. On a 2-year basis,
sales increased 21% in constant currency versus 2019 pre-pandemic levels with double-digit growth in all
markets across the region.

Consumer sales in the Asia/Pacific region increased 15% in constant currency due to the recovery of
branded foodservice sales as well as recovery from the extended disruption in Wuhan last year, with a
partial offset from the decline in consumer demand as compared to the elevated levels in the year-ago
period. Sales were comparable to the second quarter of 2019, including a sales decline in India, resulting
from a slower COVID-19 recovery.

Turning to our Flavor Solutions segment on Slide 21. We grew second quarter constant currency sales
34%, including a 9% increase from our FONA and Cholula acquisitions. The year-over-year increase was
primarily due to a higher sales of away-from-home products in our portfolio across all regions. Compared
to the second quarter of 2019, Flavor Solutions segment sales grew 13% in constant currency.

In the Americas, Flavor Solutions constant currency sales grew 30% year-over-year with FONA and
Cholula contributing 13%. Volume and product mix increased driven by significantly higher sales to
branded foodservice customers as well as growth to packaged food and beverage companies with
particular strength in snack seasonings and beverages. On a 2-year basis, sales increased 12% in constant
currency versus 2019 with higher sales from acquisitions and packaged food and beverage companies,
partially offset by the exit of some lower-margin business.

In EMEA, constant currency sales grew 65% compared to last year due to increased sales to QSRs and
branded foodservice customers as well as continued growth momentum with packaged food and beverage
companies. Constant currency sales increased 16% versus the second quarter of 2019, driven by strong
sales growth with packaged food companies and QSR customers.

In the Asia Pacific region, Flavor Solutions sales rose 23% in constant currency versus last year, led by
growth with QSRs in China and Australia, partially due to new products and our customers' limited time
offers and promotional activities as well as a recovery from COVID-19 lockdowns in countries outside of
China in the year-ago period. Sales grew 15% in constant currency versus the second quarter of 2019.

As seen on Slide 25, adjusted operating income, which excludes transaction and integration costs related
to the Cholula and FONA acquisitions as well as special charges, declined 1% or in constant currency, 4%,
in the second quarter versus the year-ago period. Adjusted operating income in the Consumer segment
declined 24% to $177 million or in constant currency, 26%, driven by -- primarily by lower sales.

In the Flavor Solutions segment, adjusted operating income rose 183% to $81 million or 175% in constant
currency, driven primarily by higher sales. Both segments were favorably impacted by product mix and
CCI-led cost savings with a partial offset from cost inflation, including transportation costs. COVID-19
related costs were comparable to the year-ago period. Additionally, in the Consumer segment, brand
marketing expenses increased 15% from the second quarter of last year.

As seen on Slide 26, our selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of sales increased 10
basis points, with the increase in brand marketing, partially offset by leverage from sales growth. Adjusted
gross profit margin declined 190 basis points and adjusted operating margin declined by 200 basis points.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 01, 2021

In addition to the factors I just mentioned, the sales shift between segments unfavorably impacted both
margins. Importantly, versus the second quarter of 2019, we expanded adjusted gross profit margin 40
basis points and adjusted operating margin 10 basis points, even considering incremental COVID-19 costs,
cost inflation and higher brand marketing investments.

Turning to income taxes. Our second quarter adjusted effective tax rate of 22.2% compared to 18% in
the year-ago period. Both periods were favorably impacted by discrete tax items, with a more significant
impact last year due to discrete tax item related to the refinement of our entity structure. Adjusted income
from unconsolidated operations declined 2% in the second quarter of 2021. At the end of March, we
completed the sale of our minority stake in Eastern Condiments, one of our joint ventures in India.

For 2021, we now expect a low single-digit decline in our adjusted income from unconsolidated operations,
partially due to the elimination of ongoing income from Eastern. Previously, we were projecting a low
single-digit increase. At the bottom line, as shown on Slide 29, second quarter 2021 adjusted earnings
per share was $0.69 compared to $0.74 for the year-ago period. The decline was primarily driven by a
higher adjusted income tax rate. As compared to the second quarter of 2019, our sales growth drove a
19% increase in adjusted earnings per share.

On Slide 30, we've summarized highlights for cash flow and the quarter-end balance sheet. Our cash flow
from operations was $229 million through the second quarter of 2021, compared to $355 million in the
second quarter of 2020. This change primarily resulted from a lower level of cash generated from working
capital associated with increased sales, higher incentive compensation payments and the payment of
transaction and integration costs related to our recent acquisitions.

We returned $182 million of this cash to our shareholders through dividends and used $113 million for
capital expenditures through the second quarter. We expect 2021 to be another year of strong cash flow
driven by profit and working capital initiatives. And our priority is to continue to have a balanced use of
cash, funding investments to drive growth, returning a significant portion to our shareholders through
dividends and paying down debt.

Now turning to our 2021 financial outlook on Slides 31 and 32. With our broad and advantaged flavor
portfolio, our robust operating momentum and effective growth strategies, we are well positioned for
another year of differentiated growth and performance. For 2021, we are projecting top line and earnings
growth from our strong base business and acquisition contribution, with earnings growth partially offset by
incremental COVID-19 costs and ERP investment as well as higher projected adjusted effective tax rate.

We expect there will be an estimated 3 percentage point favorable impact of currency rate on sales, an
increase from 2% previously. And for the adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share, we
continue to estimate a 2 percentage point favorable impact of currency rates.

At the top line, due to our strong year-to-date results and robust operating momentum, we are increasing
our expected constant currency sales growth to 8% to 10% compared to 6% to 8% previously. This
includes the incremental impact of the Cholula and FONA acquisitions projected to be at the high end
of the 3.5%, 4% range. We anticipate our organic growth will be led by higher volume and product mix
driven by our category management, brand marketing, new products and our customer engagement
growth plans. Pricing taken to partially offset cost inflation is also expected to contribute to sales growth.

We are now projecting our 2021 adjusted gross profit margin to be 80 to 100 basis points lower than
2020. Our previous projection was comparable to 2020. We are increasing our inflation expectation for
the year to a mid-single-digit increase as compared to a low single-digit increase previously. Overall,
our projected adjusted gross margin compression reflects unfavorable impacts from sales mix between
segments, COVID-19 costs and cost inflation, partially offset by pricing as well as margin accretion from
the Cholula and FONA acquisitions.

As a reminder, we price to offset cost increases. We do not margin up. Our estimate for COVID-19 cost
remains unchanged at $60 million in 2021 versus $50 million in 2020 and weighted to the first half of the
year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 01, 2021

Reflecting the changes in our sales and gross profit margin outlooks, we are increasing our expected
constant currency adjusted operating income growth. Our adjusted operating income growth rate reflects
expected strong underlying performance from our base business and acquisitions, projected to be 12%
to 14% constant currency growth, partially offset by a 1% reduction from increased COVID-19 costs
compared to 2020 and a 3% reduction from the estimated incremental ERP investment.

This results in a total projected adjusted operating income growth rate of 8% to 10% in constant currency.
This projection includes the inflationary pressure I just mentioned as well as our CCI-led cost savings
target of approximately $110 million. It also includes an expected low single-digit increase in brand
marketing investments.

We also reaffirm our 2021 adjusted effective income tax rate projected to be approximately 23%. This
outlook versus our 2020 adjusted effective tax rate is expected to be a headwind to our 2021 adjusted
earnings per share growth of approximately 4%.

We are also increasing our 2021 adjusted earnings per share expectations to 6% to 8% growth, which
includes a favorable impact from currency. This increase reflects our higher adjusted operating profit
outlook and lower adjusted income from unconsolidated operations, as I mentioned earlier.

Our guidance range for adjusted earnings per share in 2021 is now $3 to $3.05 compared to $2.97 to
$3.02 previously. This compares to $2.83 of adjusted earnings per share in 2020. This growth reflects
strong base business and acquisition performance growth of 12% to 14% in constant currency, partially
offset by the impact I just mentioned related to COVID-19 costs, our incremental ERP investment and the
tax segment.

I'll now turn it back to Lawrence.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Now that Mike has shared our financial results and outlook in more detail, I would like to recap the key
takeaways as seen on Slide 33. In the second quarter, we drove exceptional growth despite a challenging
year-over-year comparison. We delivered significant double-digit year-to-date and 2-year growth rates
for sales and profit, reflecting a robust growth momentum. We have a strong foundation and a balanced
portfolio, which drives consistency in our performance. We expect higher at-home consumption will persist
beyond the pandemic, and we are well positioned to capitalize on long-term consumer trends which
accelerated during the pandemic while continuing the momentum we are gaining in away-from-home
consumption.
Our enthusiasm for Cholula and FONA and our confidence we'll deliver on our plans has only strengthened.
Our 2021 outlook reflects another year of differentiated growth and performance while also investing
for the future growth we expect. We are confident we will continue on our growth trajectory in 2021 and
beyond. And now let's turn to your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 01, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

One question to start off with. I know that the last couple of quarters, you've talked about how in some
markets that have recovered more fully. So let's say, in China or in Australia, you've had still elevated
consumption trends for the at-home business even as the away-from-home business has essentially fully
recovered. And I just wanted to get a sense of do you still believe or do you believe that, that represents a
reasonably good gauge for how we should expect trends to play out here in the U.S.? Or maybe are there
some discrete differences between these markets in that regard that you would want to highlight? And
then I just got a quick follow-up.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Sure, Andrew. Well, first of all, we do continue to expect consumer demand for at-home cooking
products to remain elevated coming out of the pandemic. We're certainly seeing that all over the world.
Our research and survey data with consumers that we commented on just a few minutes ago, all points
in that direction and the behavior seems to be bearing it out, of course, in this quarter in many developed
markets where we're lapping extraordinary consumption when lockdowns were heavily in place for the
first time. But even in this time, if you look at the stack 2 year, you see consumption is still up very
dramatically versus then.

And just all indications are that, that's going to be the case. We are seeing foodservice recover. And it is
a bit of a paradox that consumer consumption at home seems to be remaining high and foodservice is
recovering. We don't believe that people are eating more, but we do believe that they're cooking more,
and that benefits our more ingredient-based flavor products.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

And then just focusing, I guess, specifically on the part of your Flavor Solutions segment that is -- that
are sales to other CPG companies, I guess I'm curious if we think towards the back half of the year, would
you anticipate that part of your business to be up year-over-year just based on the elevated consumption
levels that we're continuing to see for some other CPG names in the packaged food and beverage space?

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure. Well, without trying to dissect Flavor Solutions too much, yes, first of all, that part of the business
had largely returned to its normal growth rate towards the end of last year. It has been strong through
this year. But within our portfolio, you can't miss the fact that we've done a big acquisition in that Flavor
Solutions space. We're seeing a different mix of products as well, tremendous growth of beverages and
innovation around hard seltzers and things like that. We -- with FONA, in particular, we tapped into a
whole new addressable market around nutrition and health products. So the portfolio migration is a big
driver of our ongoing results in that part of the portfolio as well.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

That's really part of our long-term strategy to migrate the Flavor Solutions portfolio to these high-growth
categories like beverages.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 01, 2021

Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I wanted to ask -- I wanted to ask about the status of inventories in U.S. consumer. I think you talked
about them being relatively high or low, rather, last quarter and the rest of the year, there'll be a little bit
of a build there. I'm just curious where you think those inventories stand now? Did the rebuild help a lot in
2Q? I didn't necessarily hear you quantify that. So I just wanted a little bit of an update there, if possible?

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure, Ken. And I'm glad to do that, and I'll try to quantify it as well here in Q2. Well, first of all, this is
an Americas consumer issue. We're shipping to consumption and have been in the rest of the world. Our
Flavor Solutions isn't impacted by that on the Americas consumer. We weren't able to keep up with the
sustained demand and so we have trade inventories. And frankly, consumer pantries have been depleted.
And so there has been a need to do a rebuild. You all saw on the shelf that, especially as we came through
the end of last year, the shelf looked pretty rough. A number of you on the call, and Ken, I think maybe
you also have written about TDPs and so on.

But we're about 90% of the way to restoring the shelf. We really -- we ended suspensions. We still have
a few products on allocation and demand has continued to be really strong. So we're, in some cases,
very much hand to mouth on some products. OLD BAY is a product that we have -- that requires a lot of
blending capacity. And so we're a bit hand to mouth on that one, believe it or not.

But in terms of restocking the shelf, honestly, I wish we had done a little bit more in second quarter.
I said we're at 90%. We would have really hoped to have it all done and there is still more work to do
because the demand has just continued to remain high through this period. If you just do the math, --
there's a lot of noise in the year-ago numbers. So if you take it back then a year ago, consumption was up
tremendously, but we couldn't ship to that. Our shipments flagged it a lot.

So if we compare back to 2019, our consumption is up in second quarter, 18%, versus 2019. Our organic
sales, stripping out acquisitions, are up 22%. That would suggest there's about a 4% inventory rebuilding
impact in the second quarter on our Americas consumer business. So it was a factor. It's not as big as I
think a lot of people have it in their mind.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Perfect. And then I wanted to ask -- that was helpful. I wanted to ask on Flavor Solutions. The margin
did improve nicely year-on-year, but still down over 100 basis points versus 2019, even though your
organic sales are up over that time. I realized we're a little bit apples to oranges here. You've added some
businesses. But just curiously, how are you thinking about, I guess, the drivers of the margin recovery
from here and maybe the pace of margin recovery over the next couple of quarters?

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I mean, as you say, I think, Ken, this is Mike. I mean we had a large recovery on the margin last year
because it pretty much lapped what we did in the second quarter of the prior year. I think the reality of
this as some costs go up as we pass through pricing, you're going to have a natural compression in the
Flavor Solutions business, which we've seen in the past as we passed through penny cost, as we said.
COVID cost obviously hit us in the second quarter, although we were comparable to last year overall, but
there was some segment mix there.

We do feel too within the Flavor Solutions category though, we -- one with FONA, that's a nice margin
bump. But even within the product portfolio, we see some margin positive as we migrated the business.
So as we grow sales more and get that -- get more leverage to the rest of the year, because we're lapping
a pretty soft second six last year, we're hopeful that will improve, too.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 01, 2021

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I want to know -- in the Americas, we've heard through -- in the industry that it's a little bit more difficult
to negotiate with retailers on merchandising and pricing if you've had continued supply problems. Maybe
your category is different and because of your leadership, it's different. But what have the conversations
been regarding that with your retailer customers? Has it compromised you at all in getting done what you
need to get done?

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, I don't want to get too specific about our conversations with customers on pricing. There is always
an amount of commercial tension in our pricing discussions, but we're really confident that we're going
to be able to get through the pricing that we need. We take a long-term perspective with our customers.
They know that we are fair, that we are transparent in our cost. There is broad-based inflation that's
recognized by everybody. It's not just us that's going up in isolation, full industry is moving.

And so we're pretty confident that we're going to be able to take the pricing that we need. We're going
to use all of the levers that we have to address costs. So pricing certainly has to be part of the solution.
But cost savings and revenue management are going to factor in the dealing with the inflation issue. And I
think we have pretty strong confidence that these discussions are going to be positive.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

I think, too, we're continuing to invest in our brands. We're most of the share of voice in the category,
which our customers know that. And you saw year-to-date we're up nicely in A&P. And again into the third
quarter, so that is supporting their business, too.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. And a follow-up question, maybe just for modeling, Mike. Can third quarter profits still be up year-
over-year? Because you mentioned that there's going to be a lag effect on inflation. I just want to make
sure we're getting the phasing right. And then I would imagine fourth quarter, do you have a very easy
comparison to a year ago because of the inventory because of the supply chain shortages a year ago?

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

It's -- you're right, we're lapping a third -- a strong third quarter last year, we had about 8% total growth,
9% constant currency. And the consumer business was stronger compared to flavor last year. So from a
segment mix perspective, it's a little bit of a headwind in the third quarter. And you're right, the lagging of
pricing does help the fourth quarter.

We're also, as I just mentioned, higher brand marketing in the third. Because if you remember, last year,
in the fourth quarter, we had -- I think it was around a 20% A&P increase, which was continued in Q1 and
Q2. So it would be an easier fourth quarter comparison from an A&P perspective, and a little bit from the
sales, as sales in the fourth quarter for the company were below that 9% constant currency I mentioned
before.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 01, 2021

I think Mike is talking about kind of the shape because you try to avoid giving too specific guidance about
any particular quarter. Now these are our biggest quarters of the year coming up. And so that is part of
our thinking as we set guidance for the year.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein.

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

So I guess picking up on some earlier questions, are you able to sort of quantify what your input cost
inflation outlook looks like at the moment? Are we talking about mid-single-digit COGS inflation, perhaps
including the freight component as well? I just want to get a sense of the order of magnitude there, and
then I have a follow-up.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure, Alexia. Yes. Our previous guidance was low single digit. We've moved that to mid-single digit. And
as we said on the call, I mean the 3 components, obviously, the freight -- the ocean freight we've talked
about, which is hitting everyone. We source a lot of our products in the Asian market. So those rates are
up, but also packaging due to resin costs and things like that going up. And then thirdly, commodities. But
yes, low single digit to mid-single digit now for this year.

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Great. And then I'm just curious about the market share trends that we're seeing in the U.S. Nielsen data.
It looks as though there's some sell-off happening on the core hubs and spices area. Am I right in that?
And do you expect that to correct going forward? Or is it just because of strange comparisons from the
year-ago period at this point?

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

It's a little bit of both. And so the -- so first, yes, we do expect that to turn positive. In the year-ago
period, we had heavy supply -- heavy -- through second quarter, we were in a great stock position. We
were building inventory for an ERP pilot. And so we had unusually high stock levels of finished goods
ourselves going when the crisis hit, which enabled us to have extraordinary supply in the early weeks of
the pandemic.

I will say, by the end of second quarter, it was a very different situation, but going into the quarter, it was
strong. And so our shelf position was really advantaged. And then, of course, we went through a long
period where we weren't able to meet the demand and our shelf position deteriorated. We had to suspend
items, put them on allocation, stop promotion and so on.

And our total distribution points declined as a result. And so we're comparing against a period of unusual
strength at retail and in the year-ago period and in this period, we've got a time when we're rebuilding
that shelf position pretty much everywhere where we've been able to have good supply and good service
to our customers.

Our share has grown, not declined. That's the case across our markets in Europe. That's the case in some
categories here in the U.S. The real pressure point has been herbs and spices and recipe mixes, where
just the extraordinary demand ran down the shelf. And as we restore it, we're confident that our share
position is going to improve.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 01, 2021

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I want to maybe think a little bit longer term and some of the kind of key takeaways and points you've
been highlighting on the call have talked about the increases in at-home consumption. Could have some
staying power and that uniquely benefits your portfolio. And I'm wondering how, if at all, that makes you
think about the long-term organic sales potential of the business.

I mean you have a long-term 4% to 6% kind of sales growth algorithm that encompasses a little bit of
M&A over time. So 2% to 5% organic embedded in that. Do the changes in consumption post pandemic
make you think that, that long-term organic sales growth potential could be higher? Or -- and if not, why?

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, I don't think we're going to raise our long-term guidance today. But we are confident and that long-
term guidance is really reinforced by what we're seeing. I mean there's been a lot of talk about changes
in consumer behavior, but really is an amplification of trends that were already in place that we believe
our long-term secular trends that underlie our growth and that our strategies are designed to capitalize
on. I mean the global demand for flavor has been growing steadily for I don't even know how long. It's a
tremendous amount. Euromonitor projects global flavor demand to grow at a 6% rate going forward for
the next 5 years. And that is really the foundation for our sales growth.

And then if you just think about compared to 2019, underlying global demand for flavor growing in the
absence of a pandemic, 6% CAGR, you would expect us to be up 12%. So I think that the performance
that you're seeing is really more of a bleed through of what you're going to see in a post-pandemic world,
consumers for cooking at home more before the pandemic. We believe that, that was accelerated, that
people -- a lot of lapsed cooks had the opportunity to cook.

Everyone learned their grandma and their mother's secret recipes and then how to prepare them.
Someone in every household has become a very proficient cook. And it's been a positive experience
for people. They have an outlet for creativity. It's brought families together, and we think that this is a
behavior that is going to be sticky.

Younger consumers, in particular, have leaned towards healthy, flavorful, more scratch cooking and, in
particular, among Gen Z, a return to trusted brands and brands with some nostalgia. We think that these
are really long-term demographic trends that are going to benefit us for a long time. So our confidence in
our long-term guidance is to reinforce of what we're seeing happen right now.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, I think, too, I mean another testament to our broad-based differentiated portfolio. But if you add
them to your question about our 4% to 6% constant currency long-term growth of which 1/3 of that is
M&A. So you bolt on M&A, you take that out. So you're kind of highlighting a 2.5% to 4% is our long-term
guidance. Last year, constant currency organic growth was 5%. This year, the midpoint of our guidance is
around 5%, too. So we're seeing -- as Lawrence said, the acceleration of those trends is reinforcing our
belief on that organic growth of our long-term guidance.

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then a follow-up, just a modeling question, trying Rob's question a little bit
differently. Just remind us the $30 or so million of ERP expenses headwind year-on-year? How much of
that's been already incurred in the first half of the year? And $50 million of COVID-related expenses that
you expect in fiscal '21, how much has been already incurred year-to-date, just so we're thinking about
the first half and second half phasing?

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 01, 2021

Yes. The ERP is mostly going to be a second half headwind and very little impact year-on-year in the first
half. From a COVID perspective, we had guided to $60 million for this year versus $50 million last year,
and that's mostly been incurred in the first half.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Peter Galbo with Bank of America.

Peter Thomas Galbo
BofA Securities, Research Division

Mike, the gross margin, just wanted to go back there, the commentary or the new guidance on kind of
80 to 100 bps lower. It sounded like in your comments that actually mix or sales mix moving back to
Flavor Solutions might have been a bigger impact actually than cost inflation. So I wanted to clarify that
comment. And just if there's kind of a way to break out those 2 kind of how they impact between mix and
the cost inflation?

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Really, in the second quarter, it was mainly segment mix as we said. I mean the costs have been
rising, but we have taken some pricing -- but it's really around segment mix in Q2. It changed a little bit
in the second 6, as we've guided gross margin probably between 90 and 120 basis points if you do the
squeeze on the gross margin, 2/3 of that is really -- you're raising sales due to some pricing offsetting
inflation and the FX piece, it's not dropped through the profits. So that's about 2/3 of that compression.
The other third is some of the lag in the pricing, costs are coming through in the third quarter. We got
pricing a little later. So it's a little bit of that. But it's basically 2/3 due to [ math ] and a third due to kind
of the timing of the price.

Peter Thomas Galbo
BofA Securities, Research Division

Okay. Okay. No, that's helpful. And then maybe just 2 more quick modeling questions. I didn't see in the
guidance anything on capital spend for the year or interest expense as well?

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. We don't -- I mean you'll see in the queue coming out today, capital hasn't changed from last quarter
-- what was the question? -- so we don't give interest guidance.

Operator

Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll turn the floor back
to Mr. Kurzius for any final comments.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Thanks, everyone, for your questions and for participating on today's call. McCormick is differentiated
by the breadth of reach of our balanced portfolio, which has sustainably positioned us for growth. We're
very pleased with our outstanding year-to-date operating performance which proves the strength of our
business model, the value of our products and our capabilities as a company. We expect to drive even
further growth as we continue to execute on our long-term growth, performance and people strategies
actively respond to changing consumer behavior and capitalize on new opportunities.

Our investments provide a new foundation for growth while enhancing our agility and our relevance
with our consumers and customers which, when combined with our dedicated and engaged employees,
positions us well for continued success and long-term shareholder value creation.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 01, 2021

For everyone listening in the U.S., I hope your fourth of July plans include getting together around the
grills with friends and family and enjoying some Montreal Steak seasoning, French's mustard and Stubb's
Bar-B-Q sauce.

Operator
Thank you, Lawrence, and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. And for those of you that might
be joining from Canada, Happy Canada Day today. If you have any further questions regarding today's
information, please feel free to contact me. This concludes this morning's call. Thank you.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 01, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

