Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. NYSE:MLM
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, July 28, 2020 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.97

3.49

Revenue  (mm)

1237.67

1270.60

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-28-2020 1:50 PM GMT

17.51

2.66

3.66

10.02

9.90

1404.00

4766.00

4780.44

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

3.51

2.21

0.53

2.97

3.96

2.09

0.41

3.49

12.82 %

(5.43 %)

(22.64 %)

17.51 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

James A. J. Nickolas
Senior VP & CFO

Suzanne Osberg
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Adam Robert Thalhimer
Thompson, Davis & Company,
Inc., Research Division

Anthony James Pettinari
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Rohit Seth
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey,
Inc., Research Division

Seldon T. Clarke
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

David Sutherland MacGregor
Longbow Research LLC

Stanley Stoker Elliott
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Garik Simha Shmois
Loop Capital Markets LLC,
Research Division

Trey Grooms
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Zane Adam Karimi
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research
Division

Kathryn Ingram Thompson
Thompson Research Group, LLC

Michael Stephan Dudas
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Paul Barry Roger
Exane BNP Paribas, Research
Division

Philip H. Ng
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Martin Marietta Second Quarter 2020 Earnings
Conference Call. My name is Kevin, and I'll be your coordinator today. [Operator Instructions] As a
reminder, today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay on the company's website.

I will now turn the call over to your host, Ms. Suzanne Osberg, Martin Marietta's Vice President of Investor
Relations. Suzanne, you may begin.

Suzanne Osberg
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, and thank you for joining Martin Marietta's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. With me
today are Ward Nye, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Nickolas, Senior Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer.

As a reminder, today's discussion may include forward-looking statements as defined by the United
States securities laws in connection with future events, future operating results or financial performance.
Like other businesses, we are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ
materially. Except as legally required, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-
looking statements, whether resulting from new information, future developments or otherwise. Please
refer to the legal disclaimers contained in today's earnings release and other filings with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, which are available on both our own and the SEC's website.

We have made available during this webcast and on the Investor Relations section of our website Q2 2020
supplemental information that summarizes our financial results and trends. In addition, any non-GAAP
measures discussed today are defined and reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in
our earnings release and SEC filings.

Today's earnings call will begin with Ward Nye, whose remarks will focus on our second quarter operating
performance as well as current and emerging market trends. Jim Nickolas will then review our financial
results and liquidity position and Ward will then provide some closing comments. A question-and-answer
session will follow our prepared remarks.

I will now turn the call over to Ward.

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Thank you, Suzanne, and thank you all for joining today's teleconference. We sincerely hope that you and
your families are remaining safe and healthy as we continue to manage through these unprecedented
times.

As highlighted in this morning's release, Martin Marietta delivered outstanding operational, financial and
safety performance, notwithstanding some localized weather headwinds in the quarter and the broader
uncertainties presented by the COVID-19 pandemic. This performance is a testament to our company's
commitment to our values, the world-class attributes of our business and the disciplined execution of our
strategic plan.

Martin Marietta established new profitability records for both the second quarter and the first half of the
year, driven by favorable pricing and proactive cost management across the Building Materials business.
For the second quarter specifically, consolidated gross margin expanded 200 basis points despite slightly
lower revenues as compared with the prior year period. Selling, general and administrative, or SG&A,
expenses as a percentage of total revenues improved 10 basis points to 5.6%. Adjusted earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or adjusted EBITDA, increased 7.5% to $407 million and
fully diluted earnings per share was $3.49, a 16% improvement.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

In addition to record financial performance and despite the challenging conditions, we also achieved the
best safety performance in our history. Company-wide, both our lost time and total injury incident rates
are better than world-class safety levels. These superior results are directly attributable to our dedicated
and talented employees who have continued to demonstrate resiliency during these uncertain times.
I'm extraordinarily proud of how our team has adapted to our new health protocols while remaining
steadfastly focused on caring for one another, working safely and efficiently and seamlessly meeting our
diverse stakeholders' needs.

Though Martin Marietta, along with many of our customers, has operated as a designated essential
business throughout the COVID-19 shutdowns and subsequent phases, we still experienced impacts from
the macroeconomic slowdown. Despite these challenges, second quarter product demand for our Building
Materials business remains strong across a number of our key geographies, including North Texas and the
Front Range of Colorado, 2 of our leading vertically integrated markets. Contractors continued construction
on projects already underway and have, in some instances, benefited from jobs that were accelerated to
better leverage lower traffic volumes during shelter-in-place orders and new projects. In addition, we saw
aggregate shipments growth in Georgia and Florida despite above-average rainfall in these states during
the quarter and in Indiana. Overall, quarterly aggregate shipments declined approximately 4% compared
with near-record prior year period volume. As a reminder, our second quarter 2019 results benefited from
weather-deferred carryover work, sizable energy sector projects and Midwest flooding repair activity.

Aggregates pricing improved 3.3%. All divisions contributed to this growth, underscoring the health of
our markets and the importance of our locally-driven pricing strategy. By region, the West Group posted
a 5.5% increase, reflecting favorable product mix. Pricing for the Mid-America Group improved 2%. The
Central Division, which has selling prices below the corporate average, contributed a higher percentage of
the Mid-America Group shipments consistent with the first quarter trends. Product mix limited Southeast
Group's pricing growth as a higher percentage of lower-priced fines and base stone were shipped.

Underlying demand for our Texas-based cement business remains largely stable. However, second quarter
cement shipments decreased 3%, driven primarily by the decline in energy sector activity that has
resulted from lower oil prices. West Texas oil well cement shipments were down over 75% from pre-
COVID expectations, a trend expected to continue until oil prices stabilize at a level that fosters additional
investment and drilling activity in the Permian Basin. Throughout the quarter, we saw attractive and
consistent pricing strength in our North and Central Texas cement operations. Specifically, cement prices
in Dallas and San Antonio, the markets most proximate to our Midlothian and Hunter facilities, were up
4%. That said, notably lower shipments of higher-priced oil well specialty cement products bound for West
Texas limited overall pricing growth.

Turning to our targeted downstream businesses. The ready mixed concrete shipments increased nearly
9%, excluding prior year shipments from our Southwest Ready Mix Division's Arkansas, Louisiana and
Eastern Texas business, known generally as ArkLaTex, which we divested earlier this year. Overall,
concrete pricing increased modestly but was hindered by unfavorable product mix.

Our Colorado asphalt and paving business established a new quarterly record for asphalt shipments.
Shipments increased to 35% to 1.1 million tons benefiting from market strength and pent-up demand
following a weather-challenged 2019. Asphalt pricing declined 1% as customer segmentation was
weighted more heavily toward publicly bid municipal projects as opposed to negotiated private work.

The company's Magnesia Specialties business experienced the most pronounced COVID-19 headwinds
during the second quarter. Domestic and international chemicals demand declined as customers
confronted COVID-19-related disruptions. Demand for our lime and periclase products also slowed
significantly as steel-producing customers temporarily idled their facilities in response to the COVID-19-
induced shutdown of certain domestic auto manufacturers.

Before discussing near term and emerging trends, I'll now turn the call over to Jim for a review of our
second quarter financial results and liquidity. Jim?

James A. J. Nickolas
Senior VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Thank you, Ward, and good morning to everyone.

It is worth highlighting that the enterprise achieved a second quarter adjusted EBITDA margin of 32%.
This is the highest EBITDA margin in the company's history. The driving force behind this accomplishment
was the Building Materials, which achieved record second quarter products and services revenues of
$1.1 billion, a 1% increase from the prior year quarter; and gross profit of $359 million, a 9% increase.
Notably, all of our Building Materials product lines contributed to this record profitability.

Solid pricing gains, production efficiencies and lower diesel fuel costs drove a 230 basis point improvement
in aggregates product gross margin to 35.5%, also an all-time record. This was accomplished despite
lower volumes, demonstrating the cost flexibility and resiliency of our aggregates-led business.

Our Texas cement operations benefited from improved kiln reliability as well as lower raw material and fuel
costs. Product gross margin of 39.7% expanded 210 basis points despite a nearly 3% decline in cement
revenues.

As Ward mentioned, our targeted downstream businesses delivered outstanding operational performance
during the quarter. Ready mixed concrete product gross margin improved 270 basis points to 10.6%,
driven by increased shipments, pricing improvements and lower delivery costs. Equally impressive, our
Colorado asphalt and paving business established second quarter records for both revenues and gross
profit.

Product revenues for the Magnesia Specialties business decreased 31% to $49 million, reflecting lower
demand for chemicals and lime products. Lower revenues resulted in a 420 basis point reduction of
product gross margin to 37.3%. While we expect this business will face similar headwinds in the third
quarter, a gross margin in the high 30s is impressive and indicative of superb cost management.

Consolidated SG&A expenses included $3 million for COVID-19-related expenses, which included
enhancements to cleaning and safety protocols across our over 400 sites.

Turning now to capital allocation and liquidity. We continue to balance our long-standing disciplined capital
allocation priorities to responsibly grow our business, while maintaining a healthy balance sheet and
preserving financial flexibility to further enhance shareholder value. Our priorities remain focused on
value-enhancing acquisitions, prudent organic capital investment and a consistent return of capital to
shareholders while maintaining our investment-grade credit rating profile.

Full year capital expenditures are now expected in the range of $350 million to $375 million, a slight
upward revision from the guidance provided last quarter as U.S. businesses were in the early stages of
responding to the pandemic. Our current prioritized projects are expected to improve efficiency, capacity
and safety, all core principles and the foundation of our strong financial performance.

While we typically invest in the business, we also look for appropriate opportunities to divest nonoperating
assets to maximize value. In this regard, earlier this month, we entered into an agreement to sell a
depleted sand and gravel location in Austin, Texas for nearly $100 million.

Since our repurchase authorization was announced in February 2015, we have returned nearly $1.8 billion
to shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and meaningful, sustainable dividends. Share
repurchase activity remain temporarily paused during the quarter. However, repurchases can resume at
management's discretion.

In May, we repaid $300 million of floating rate notes that matured using proceeds from our first quarter
bond issuance. The company has no additional bond maturities until July 2024.

We are confident in our balance sheet strength. We have ample liquidity and financial flexibility to continue
profitably growing our business. Net cash, combined with the nearly $970 million available on our existing
revolving facilities, provide a total liquidity of $1 billion as of the end of the quarter. Additionally, at a net
debt to EBITDA ratio of 2.2x, we remain well within our target leverage range as of the end of the second
quarter.

With that, I will turn the call back over to Ward for his market trends commentary.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, Jim.

With the successful completion of an outstanding first half of 2020, we remain laser-focused on managing
our business through the macroeconomic upheaval from COVID-19 and related governmental responses.
While July product demand and pricing trends across our markets remain broadly consistent with second
quarter, we feel it premature to reinstate full year 2020 earnings guidance given the uncertainty regarding
the pandemic, potential Phase 4 stimulus and infrastructure reauthorization. Nonetheless, we remain
highly confident in the fundamental strength and underlying drivers of our business guided by our
Strategic Operating Analysis and Review or SOAR plan.

We expect pricing resiliency and disciplined cost management to continue supporting the company's
near-term performance. As the economy resets from COVID-19, we believe favorable pricing trends for
our products will continue, supported by our disciplined, locally driven pricing strategy and attractive
geographic footprint. For aggregates, specifically, we anticipate full year 2020 pricing will increase 3%
to 4% and from the prior year. This range is slightly below our pre-COVID-19 expectations given year-
over-year geographic and product mix trends and slightly delayed price increases in certain markets.
Texas cement pricing is also expected to remain resilient due to the state's tight supply/demand dynamics
and the fact that our key markets are, by design, largely insulated from waterborne imports. Healthy
aggregates and cement pricing trends should benefit our targeted downstream operations.

Existing customer backlogs support the company's shipment levels in the near term. In certain regions
where we operate, this year's weather has been more disruptive of construction activity and project
cadence than the pandemic. Yet we believe the industry will likely see a gradual, but not precipitous,
temporary slowing in product demand over the next few quarters as businesses and governments address
budget shortfalls resulting from COVID-19. That said, the degrees of decline and recovery will vary by
end-use market and geography and will be influenced by future governmental actions.

Infrastructure construction, particularly for aggregates-intensive highways, roads and streets, is expected
to be the most near-term resilient as contractors advance projects that have been awarded and funded.
However, state departments of transportation, or DOTs, may decrease the scale or postpone the timing of
future construction as they balance lower revenue collections and other short-term funding needs relating
to the COVID-19 impact, particularly if there's no near-term federal assistance. These impacts will vary
by state. For example, Texas DOT scheduled lettings for fiscal year 2021, which begins September 1, are
currently planned at $7 billion, comparable to fiscal year 2020 lettings. Earlier this month, Texas DOT also
reiterated its $77 billion 10-year Unified Transportation Plan.

To ease funding shortfalls to its DOT budget, Colorado will issue certificates of participation to advance
planned projects, the majority of which are concentrated along the megaregion following the I-25 corridor,
which has been the strategic focus of our Rocky Mountain business.

Of our top 10 states, North Carolina DOT faces the toughest near-term funding challenges. As a reminder,
NCDOT temporarily suspended awards for certain projects in response to pre-COVID-19 funding issues
and other factors. Since then, new contract advertisements have been further delayed. In the near term,
NCDOT will benefit from $700 million in Build NC bond revenues to fund existing transportation programs.
Longer term, we anticipate additional transportation ballot initiatives as well as new revenue-enhancing
recommendations from the NC First Commission, which is tasked with evaluating North Carolina's growing
transportation investment needs and ensuring that critical financial resources are available.

Despite some near-term DOT headwinds, the passage of a reauthorized comprehensive federal
infrastructure package would provide multiyear upside. While it's unlikely a successor bill will be agreed
upon and signed into law prior to the Fixing America's Surface Transportation Act's expiration on
September 30, we feel confident new legislation will be enacted and provide the first sizable increase in
federal transportation funding in more than 15 years. When this occurs, it will be a big win for our industry
and for Martin Marietta.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

While nonresidential construction activity on existing projects has continued, some commercial and
institutional projects in the design or planning stages are being delayed or canceled. The Dodge
Momentum Index, or DMI, a monthly measure of the first report for nonresidential building projects
in planning, which has historically led construction spending for nonresidential building by a full year,
is down 20% from its most recent peak in July 2018. However, to contextualize the June reading, the
Great Recession's peak-to-trough DMI decline was 62%. Importantly, since the Great Recession, Martin
Marietta has purposefully shifted our nonresidential exposure to be more heavy industrial-focused as
we've expanded our geographic footprint along major commerce corridors.

Aggregates-intensive warehouses, distribution centers and data centers are expected to lead
nonresidential activity as businesses increase capacity for e-commerce activity, secure regional supply
chains and become more reliant on cloud and network services. Further, large liquefied natural gas, or
LNG projects, along the Texas Gulf Coast, that are actively underway have broadly continued. However,
start dates for the next wave of projects have been postponed. Longer term, we believe nonresidential
construction activity could benefit from more companies streamlining their supply chains and repatriating
manufacturing operations back to the United States, providing potential multiyear upside to heavy
industrial construction.

Residential construction is rebounding more quickly than anticipated by homebuilders and third-party
forecasters. After a decline in April, the National Association of Home Builders' Housing Market Index,
a widely recognized survey designed to measure sentiment for the U.S. single-family housing market,
returned to pre-pandemic levels in July, signaling that residential growth may lead to an overall economic
recovery. Consistent with recent homebuilder commentary, activity has strengthened as Martin Marietta
states have reopened, demonstrating pent-up housing demand following the COVID-19-related pause in
the spring selling season.

Nationally, housing starts remain below the 50-year annual average of 1.5 million despite notable
population gains. Freddie Mac estimates that 2.5 million housing units are needed to address the current
nationwide housing shortage. This situation is particularly evident in states with significant undersupply,
including Texas, Colorado, North Carolina and Florida, which are all in our top 10 states. These trends,
along with historically low mortgage rates, bode well for future expansion in single-family housing
activity, which is 2 to 3x more aggregates-intensive than multifamily housing given the typical ancillary
nonresidential and infrastructure construction activity.

Also longer term, we expect Martin Marietta to benefit across all 3 of our primary end uses from
accelerated de-urbanization trends as stay-at-home orders and the shift to remote work encourage more
prospective homebuyers to move to smaller metro or suburban locations. Our leading southeastern and
southwestern footprint provides us a distinct competitive advantage in regions with diverse employment
opportunities, land availability, favorable climates and a lower cost of living.

Moving forward, we're confident in Martin Marietta's opportunities to build on our successful track record
of financial and operational outperformance. SOAR 2025, our strategic plan for the next 5 years, will be
finalized this year and provides the framework to support our capital deployment, price discipline, cost
management, sustainable practices, talent development and succession planning initiatives. We've already
made great strides on these endeavors. Earlier this month, we streamlined our business structure into 5
operating divisions: East, Central, Southwest, West and Magnesia Specialties. This new structure better
aligns our business product offerings and geographies, provides experienced executives with increased
responsibilities and opportunities, strengthens our ability to provide outstanding customer service and
further enhances our industry-leading cost profile.

In closing, we're all living in unprecedented and dynamic times, and that will likely persist as the pandemic
continues unabated. Moving forward, our attractive underlying fundamentals, strategic priorities and
world-class teams position Martin Marietta to responsibly navigate today's challenging environment and to
drive sustainable long-term growth and shareholder value. Overall, we continue to feel confident about the
future and our plan to continue building on Martin Marietta's long track record of success and delivering
sustainable value creation and superior returns for investors.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

If the operator will now provide the required instructions, we'll turn our attention to addressing your
questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Trey Grooms with Stephens Inc.

Trey Grooms
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Okay. So I guess, first, I want to focus on margins. I guess demand is going to be what it's going to be.
But in the materials business, you saw gross profit improvement across the board. And that's even with
down revenue in most segments. And Jim touched on some of the benefits there. But can you talk about
kind of the puts and takes there? And we understand diesel was your friend in the quarter, but even
outside of diesel, where maybe you had some good guys that we could see continue going forward?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Trey, thanks for the question. You're right. Diesel was a friend. But we managed our labor, we managed
SG&A, we managed our efficiencies and other things that we believe have the capacity to endure actually
quite well during the quarter. Trey, what we're endeavoring to do and I think what you've seen in the
quarter is, we are building a business that has the ability and should be expected to outperform as we go
through cycles. So to your point, volume is going to be what the volume is going to be, and volume was
down 4% for the quarter, but we saw profitability go nicely up, but pricing is a big piece of that. And that
has been something that Martin Marietta has demonstrated, I think, extraordinary skill around managing.
We have a depleting resource. We want to make sure we're getting good value for it. We're also going to
flex very carefully on the labor side.

And the other thing that I think you're seeing evidence of is, we've been very thoughtful in the way that
we've deployed capital. So I think as we look at what CapEx has done relative to our ability to continue to
gain efficiencies, that's been an important piece of it. One thing that I would call out to you in particular
and really, the comments I just gave you went specifically to the aggregates business. But I think,
too, if we look at our cement business that also saw down volumes for the quarter, we're seeing much
better reliability numbers relative to our Midlothian operation and Hunter facilities as well. So what we're
seeing across our footprint is improved reliability, improved efficiencies, improved cost in a number of
dimensions, but we're also getting the price, Trey, and that's something that matters.

Trey Grooms
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Got it. Okay. That's helpful and encouraging, especially in the face of the volume that you're facing. And
as a follow-up, you mentioned that you could see additional demand slowing in the next couple of quarters
or in the coming quarters. But if you could dive in that a bit more because you were looking for something
similar or had some similar comments during the last earnings call so this doesn't -- it doesn't seem like
a new outlook necessarily, but things have held in better than expected. And it sounds like July trends
are still largely the same as the second quarter. So just trying to understand maybe high-level timing and
understanding you're not giving guidance, but if you look over your 3 primary businesses, infrastructure,
nonres and resi, how you rank your outlook for those and where you see some potential for relative
strength or weakness?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

No, sure, Trey. Happy to try to do that. And I'm with you. I mean, I don't think what we're saying today
relative to outlook should be a surprise to anyone. I think it's actually a very consistent conversation to
what we've been having. And if we look at it, volume was down 4% in aggregates for the quarter and
profits were up. So I think that gives you a sense of it.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Here's how I'd break down the end uses as you think of it. Look, infrastructure for the quarter is actually
pretty steady. I think one of the questions is, what will Phase 4 stimulus look like? Because it's been well-
documented with gas taxes going down, states clearly have had some degree of revenue challenges with
respect to that particular dimension. It's fascinating to me to see where AASHTO is today. AASHTO is
making an ask that there would be about $37 billion in the Phase 4 stimulus that would go directly to state
DOTs. If that happens, I have to tell you, state DOTs are going to probably be in a pretty good place.

What I tried to do in the prepared remarks, too, is give you a sense of where are our top 3 state DOTs,
even irrespective of what may come from some form of COVID stimulus. And I think what you heard
is, Texas DOT is in a pretty good place. Colorado DOT is going to use certificates of participation to hold
themselves up. And NCDOT, despite having more challenges than those other 2, I would tell you, is the
DOT we feel a lot better about today than we did when we were talking to you in the first quarter because
now FY '21 lettings are estimated there at $1.3 billion. That's really similar to the 2016 level and well
above what we had seen before is about a $600 million estimate. So I think DOT and infrastructure is
going to be relatively steady. I think a lot hinges on what Phase 4 looks like.

I think res is going to be up. And I think res could be up relatively nicely in a number of markets. And I
think the footprint that we have is going to help that pretty considerably. I think you're clearly going to
see more single-family housing activity than we've seen for a while. And here's an interesting trend, Trey,
that's worth noting. Potential single-family housing activities, we look at it, at least prospectively. During
the run from 1990 to 2009, single-family building comprised about 80% of what we were seeing in the
housing market. Over the last several years, the last 10 years, it's been modestly less than 70% of that.
So again, if we see single-family housing moving in a more normalized fashion, and we think we will, we
think that's going to be a pretty attractive place.

Nonres is likely to be the area in which you're going to see a bit more near-term softness in portions
of it and probably strength in others. So as we think about nonres, what I would suggest is as follows:
heavy nonres is likely to perform relatively well. And what do I mean by that? Well, are we seeing more
warehousing and data centers in the works? The answer is yes. I mean, are we seeing more work with
Facebook in places like Omaha and Des Moines? Yes. Are we seeing more work with Google? Yes. But are
we seeing more work with Amazon and others? Yes, we are. Do I think, hospitality and retail shops may
feel a little bit more near-term pressure, I think they probably will. But part of what you heard me say in
the prepared commentary as well is, we've been very careful to build our business in ways that we feel
like major commerce corridors will continue to grow in an outsized way. So I think we're positioned well
over there.

The other thing that I'll say is, the smallest piece of our business, ChemRock and Rail, actually had a
pretty attractive quarter. And we saw ballast volume actually up, and we're not surprised by that. We
saw that principally in the Western United States. And we see that as something that is likely to be
relatively stable to flat going forward. So again, Trey, I tried to hit all 4 of those end uses, but of course,
infrastructure, non-res and res are the 3 big ones.

Trey Grooms
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Yes. Okay. That all makes sense, very helpful.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research Group.

Kathryn Ingram Thompson
Thompson Research Group, LLC

Just following on, on the infrastructure piece. Appreciate the color that you had in your prepared
commentary looking at Phase 4 stimulus and the looming highway reauthorization. But if you could, for
listeners, really filter the noise in terms of what T&I Committee in the House has presented versus EPW
in the Senate and what that could mean and really kind of a scenario analysis of what really happens to
infrastructure volumes if something happened and if something doesn't happen?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Kathryn, thanks for the question. So really, we're going to look at that in 2 different buckets. So if you
think about what reauthorization looks like. As I said in the prepared comments, we don't think that
happens before September 30. So we think they will probably issue a longer-term CR. That's nothing
to be alarmed by, by the way. I don't think they're going to issue a longer-term continuing resolution
because they think it's going to last for a long time. I think they may put in place optically what would
be a longer-term continuing resolution simply to continue giving states the confidence to keep letting
projects. I don't think it means they slow down on coming up with a reauthorized bill. So to your point,
there are 2 different starting points, Kathryn. Last July, the Senate EPW came out with unanimity around
a $287 billion plan. And that's basically a very nice percentage increase of where we were relative to the
FAST Act. Now to your more recent issues, House T&I released their plan. That was $319 billion. That
was a 41% increase over the FAST Act. And in nearer term, this is at least worth considering and that
is the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development passed
legislation that will provide about $107 billion in resources for U.S. DOT for FY '21, including almost $62
billion for the core highway programs. That's up 33%.

So one of the questions, I think, that's a fair one is, what does a CR look like? And so I think minimally,
you're looking at a CR that's probably flat for some period of time as they work toward what, I think,
inevitably will likely be an increased multiyear highway bill. So Kathryn, to your point, worst case, you
have a CR that's flat. Best case, you have a CR that actually has some growth to it. I think expected
case is you get a bill next year that's a nice increase over where the FAST Act is. And I equally think
the conversations that have been had recently relative to Phase 4 stimulus have led us to feel like the
likelihood of seeing some very direct assistance going to state DOTs is actually better than we would have
thought probably when we were having this conversation 3 months ago. And again, the AASHTO ask there
is around $30 billion. So I've tried to outline what I think the steps are and I'll try to handicap where I
think they sit.

Kathryn Ingram Thompson
Thompson Research Group, LLC

Okay. That's helpful. And then shifting gears to the pricing commentary. You went through a few puts and
takes in terms of what impacted prices for the quarter. But when you look at the bigger secular trends that
are going to be coming up importantly on the residential housing, what and how should we think about
pricing from a geographic and a mix standpoint if there ends up being a bigger mix of residential versus
non-res end-market exposure?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

I don't think end use is going to be a big driver on what we see relative to price increases. It's fascinating.
For example, if you got a single homebuilder and they're coming through, they're probably buying stone at
a list price, which is, frankly, a pretty high price as things go generally. But I would think if you're seeing
just standard growth along those different end uses and you're seeing in Southeast and Southwest, and
clearly, you've got higher ASPs in the Southeast right now than we do in the Southwest, so you might
have some geographic mix issues that could come from that. But from a margin perspective or from a
pricing increase perspective, I wouldn't expect to see anything that would be particularly notable in any of
that. I think the primary thing that you're going to continue to see is good, steady price increases because
I think that's something that we just recognize the value of and we have locations that put us in a position
that we can get the value that we need for our shareholders.

Operator

Our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari with Citi.

Anthony James Pettinari
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Just following up on pricing. Ward, you discussed the 2020 agg pricing up 3% to 4%, which is maybe
slightly below your pre-COVID expectations and you talked about mix just now. But you also, I think
slightly delayed price increases in certain markets. I'm just wondering if those were purely a function of
select demand or maybe some increased competitive intensity or if there's any kind of other color you can
give there.

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. I guess I'd say several things. The primary driver so far has really been product mix and geographic
mix just to be clear on that. And when we're talking about delays, we're not talking about delays that were
more than in the 45 or 60-day range. And typically, the delay in the number -- you had to delay -- you
didn't have to delay in the number. And it happened really quite sporadically. I want to say it happened
in probably 2 or 3 different submarkets. So I didn't view it as anything that made me feel remarkably
different about the way the pricing situation works. The primary people who I've observe pushed to at
least see some deferment. If you recall, in the earliest, early stages of COVID, homebuilders, in some
instances, we're just walking away from subdivisions and taking about a 60 to 90-day time out. I think
in some of those instances, they were really afraid and looking for some just immediate help. And I think
some competitors in some instances did that. And I think in some instances, too, you had some ready
mixed concrete producers who were looking for some lower inputs. Frankly, we were not inclined to meet
those. And we probably lost some modest share in some places. We've certainly done that before in
cement. But again, we very much have a value over volume philosophy that we bring to this. So from our
perspective, Anthony, the delays were immaterial. But at the same time, we try to be resilient through
those.

Anthony James Pettinari
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Okay. That's very helpful. And you talked about kind of gradual but not precipitous decline in second half
demand. And I'm wondering if you could distinguish just directionally between agg, cement, ready mixed
and asphalt in terms of where second half volumes might hold up a little bit better or maybe see some
incremental pressure just based on what you saw in 2Q and end of July.

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

I think in many respects, if you look at the commentary that I gave on geography in the prepared
remarks, that's probably a pretty fair way to think of it in the second half as well. What's interesting to
me, Anthony, is we put up a record first half and a record second quarter. And actually, one of the areas
that had a tougher quarter was actually our Mid-Atlantic division. And our Mid-Atlantic division has both
higher average selling prices and higher profitability. So it tells me that the balance of the business is
actually performing extraordinarily well. We see good business right now in Texas. We see good business
in Colorado. We see good business in portions of the Central United States. We're seeing, I think, good
solid business in Florida, and we think all of those will persist for the balance of the year. We're actually
seeing very good business in cement in Texas right now as well. The first states I was giving you really
were more geared toward aggregates. Obviously, the only hot mix business we have is in Colorado. It
had a very, very good first half. We think it's going to have a good second half as well. And then Magnesia
Specialties, it's fascinating when we say that business is hitting an air pocket right now. I think that's
all it is. We think steel found bottom actually in June. We think it's going to slowly get better. We're not
seeing a huge bounce back in Magnesia Specialties in the second half of the year. But even in a challenged
first half, it had margins of 37%. So I think that gives you a pretty good snapshot of agg, cement, the
downstream business and the Mag Specialties as well.

Anthony James Pettinari
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

That's very helpful.

Operator
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Our next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Excellent. Well, really nice quarter. And I'm just wondering, can you just expand on the discussion of
what went right this quarter? Normal seasonality would have you at about 27% gross margins, and you
folks did about 10% better than that. And I appreciate the comments about operating efficiencies. Can
you just expand on those because volumes were obviously weaker than normal seasonality, but margin's
stronger. It's just really notable. And I'm just wondering, can you just provide a little bit more context on
the drivers of the sequential improvement. And I realize you bridge the year-over-year, but the sequential
improvement really stands out to me.

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

No. Happy to try to do that. Look, obviously, energy was a piece of that. It wasn't everything, but it
was a nice piece of it. I think controlling labor was a piece of it. I still think we can do that with greater
efficiencies in some place. I do think overall efficiencies, by the way, were a piece of it. And we talked
about the fact that we're seeing much higher efficiencies in our cement business all by itself. We've
seen nice improvement over time at both Midlothian and Hunter. So that's certainly going to help. The
other thing that I'll say, Jerry, and I mentioned it in the prepared comments and in our release today
as well, this was an extraordinarily safe quarter. And I think safety, and you've heard us speak to that
as a core value of this business, drives increased efficiencies and simply make your business better and
makes your people better. And when we're sitting here at half year with total injury incident rates and
lost time incident rates both exceeding world-class standards, I think that really speaks to how teams are
operating.

The other thing that I'll say relative to efficiencies is, we've been very careful with how we've looked
at capital allocation and CapEx over the last several years. And I think we're starting to see some of
the efficiencies from that as well, which is one reason that we're not at all shy, for example, to take the
midpoint of the guidance that we've given relative to CapEx this year. And as I think you saw, we've
taken that up by about $25 million. So Jerry, I wish I could point to one thing and say, this is it. I think it
was a series of things. And I think when we go back to the notion that our aim is to continue to build an
increasingly better business that can go through cycles and outperform in any of those, I think that's what
we're seeing.

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Okay. So it sounds like a number of sustainable pieces there. Okay. Good. And then in terms of asphalt
pricing, paving pricing, concrete, can you just talk about your competitive position in your key markets?
And whether with the volume drawdown that you're looking for over the next couple of quarters, what's
your degree of confidence in being able to hold the line on pricing in those downstream businesses?
Obviously, we know what you're going to do in aggregates, but can you comment on the downstream
marketplace?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure, I can. If we think about asphalt and paving, Jerry, the nice thing from our perspective is the only
place we have that business is in Colorado. And last year, as you recall, Jerry, they had a very weather-
impacted year. So they came into the year with very attractive backlogs. But again, we're seeing very
good efficiencies. The asphalt and paving we have is really running from Northern Colorado through
Denver down to Southern Colorado. We've actually seen bidding opportunities accelerated and outpacing
here in June after a slow first half relative to bidding activity. What's odd, in many respects, is if we're
looking out further, I think generally, we feel better about the business today, for example, than we did
even after Q1. So if we're looking at asphalt pricing, liquid itself is about $420. That's down about 5% per
ton. We think liquid is going to remain in that range. We think our bidding opportunities are going to stay
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

attractive. We think we've got a very good business in Colorado. And of course, one of the tricky things
in Colorado is making sure that you're in a position to get good quality specification stone, and we're in a
position to self-supply with that. So we feel good about that asphalt and paving business. And of course,
that had a very attractive first half.

With respect to ready mixed concrete, they had a good first half, too. I mean, the downstream
business has performed really quite well. If you're looking at like-for-like volumes, ready mixed was
up 8.7%, keeping in mind that's really pulling that ArkLaTex business out. If you're trying to look at it
geographically, in Colorado, where we have ready mixed, those volumes were up a little bit more than
14%. If we're looking in Texas, which is the other place that we have that particular business, they
were up around 6.2%. And again, part of what we're seeing is much better efficiencies in that business,
delivery, costs and efficiencies are better. And again, these are not big surprises to us, and we think many
of these, to your point, are sustainable as well, Jerry.

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

And Ward, in concrete, do you think you can hold the line on price with the volume outlook that you laid
out?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Part of what I think is helping on that is aggregates and cement in those markets, aggregates and cement
in Texas and aggregates in Colorado, which obviously we self-supply, are going up. And when you're
seeing the input costs, at least in my experience in ready mixed going up, those tend to be very helpful
actually to the downstream businesses. And we're very mindful of that.

Operator

Our next question comes from Paul Roger with Exane BNP Paribas.

Paul Barry Roger
Exane BNP Paribas, Research Division

Yes. Nice quarter. Yes, just moving, Ward, on to maybe away from the trade and the outlook, maybe on
to capital allocation. Obviously, Jim mentioned the priorities, which you've talked about before. But you
clearly do have a strong balance sheet. When do you think you could start to deploy some of that again?
Either by resuming a buyback or maybe by doing some distressed M&A? And what's the deal pipeline
looking like right now?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Paul, thanks for the question. That's a good one. Because if you look at our capital allocation priorities,
we've long said the right deal is our #1 priority. And I'll say several things. One, I think our teams do an
extraordinary job on transaction identification. I think they also do an extraordinary job on going through
the transaction and looking at where we can get synergies. And then our operating teams, if you go back
and look at whether it's TXI or Bluegrass or the transactions in Colorado or otherwise, have outperformed
relative to synergies. That's a long way of saying that we remain very focused on growing our business.

When we look at growing our business, we're focused on 2 things in particular, what is the geography and
what are the end users. It's an aggregates-led business, but we're keenly focused on the where because
the where really dictates how a business is going to perform. And a good example of that is we've had
very good performance in Texas. You also saw very good performance in Colorado. But equally, we're
having great performance in the Central, which is pure stone. So we're seeing great performance all the
way across.

Relative to share buybacks and otherwise, I think the primary thing that we're waiting for right now, Paul,
is just some modest visibility forward on what's going to happen, particularly with respect to some of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

these governmental actions. I think we'll have much better sense very soon of what's going to happen
with Phase 4. I think with what happens with Phase 4, it's going to give us a much better sense of how
the infrastructure piece is going to look. So I think we're just a couple of pieces of information away
from being able to really book more at buybacks and otherwise. But please remember, our primary aim
is the right transaction going forward. Number two, assuring that we're investing in the business in a
responsible way, and you've actually seen us take CapEx midpoint up $25 million and then returning
cash to shareholders through 2 different ways: a meaningful and sustainable dividend, and our Board will
obviously look at our dividend in August. So they'll be here next month, and they'll look at that. And then
relative to share buybacks, I think we've touched base on that, Paul.

Paul Barry Roger
Exane BNP Paribas, Research Division

In terms of the deal pipeline, Ward, I mean, are you seeing some distressed opportunities come on the
radar or is it all very quiet for the minute?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

There are not a lot of distressed opportunities per se out there because, particularly in the aggregates
business, they tend to have pretty healthy balance sheets today. The family businesses are in pretty good
shape. Our view has long been that succession tends to be a bigger driver of potential transactions in
aggregates than not. So I don't want to give you a sense that there are people who are in trouble and
they're knocking down our doors right now. That would not be accurate. But there are plenty of ordinary,
typical and sensible transactions that we are looking at right now, Paul.

Operator

Our next question comes from Phil Ng with Jefferies.

Philip H. Ng
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Impressive quarter, great execution. Ward, I guess you know that backlog should carry you through the
near term, but the industry will see some decline in product demand. Can you kind of help parse that
commentary a little more? Does that imply that you're expecting the year-over-year decline in the back
half to accelerate from 2Q levels? And when you think about 2021, I appreciate a lot of moving pieces,
especially on the policy front, how are you thinking about '21 playing out on demand side?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Look, as we think about the back half of '20, I think, to your point, a lot can hinge on what does Q4
look like, frankly, from a weather perspective. It's interesting, if we look at our commentary, much of
what happened in the first half, was some of that COVID-related? Sure, it was. Was more of that in half
one weather-related than COVID? Probably so. If we look at backlogs, it's interesting to me. If we look at
Mid-Atlantic, customer backlogs are actually up around 17%. If we look in Southwest, customer backlogs
are up around 30%. If we look in cement, and this is the big one, I mean, they're up around 43%. At
the same time, if we look at ready mixed, those are down in the low double digits. But at the same time,
we're seeing those backlogs improve in Q3, particularly related to infrastructure. And if we look in the
West, we're seeing backlogs down in the low double digits off very high backlogs coming into the year
because of the way that weather had been last year.

So I think in many respects, we're sensitive to where will states be with their state funding and their
revenues as we enter half 2, and they're feeling potentially, in some respects, more COVID pressure
than they felt so far, number one. Number two, what's going to happen to portions of nonres, meaning
particularly what happens to that lighter piece of it. Look, obviously, if we see some stimulus come
through, infrastructure is going to be in a pretty good place. But if we look at Q2, with volume down
4%, that, to me, feels like modest volumes down. That feels like a normal typical, cyclical reaction

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

to something. And I think as we're looking at three, and we're looking at four, four can obviously be
weather-affected. But again, I think if we're just looking overall at what's happening in the United States
and what's happening globally, for us to put our heads in the sand and say that there's not at least an
opportunity for something that does not at all feel like the cycle did in the Great Recession, not at all, but
could feel a bit like this quarter did, particularly as we go into Q3, which last year, as you recall, Phil, was
a really big quarter for us. So you've got a tough compare. I think the commentary that you've offered is
probably right.

Philip H. Ng
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Got it. That's really helpful color. And when you talked about nonres, you obviously framed up some puts
and takes. Can you remind us what your exposure is, if you have any, on the high-rise side and then
office, hospitality and retail, that might be a little weaker. And some of the strength that you're seeing on
heavy, is that enough to kind of offset some of those potential headwinds?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks so much, Phil. The fact is, we're a Southeast-Southwest-driven business. We're not in downtown
Chicago, we're not in downtown Manhattan. So the cities that we're in that are growing tend to grow out.
They don't tend as much to grow up, if you know what I mean. And the other thing that I'll say, and we
said it in the prepared remarks is, we have been very focused on moving our business intentionally over
the last decade so that we're more focused on these heavy nonres projects. If we look at the way nonres
has held up, it's been in the high 30% of our business. If we look at really what that ought to look like
over a longer term, it ought to be closer to 30%. That's where it's been. Infrastructure should be more as
a percentage than we've seen over the last several years, nonres, candidly, should be modestly less. We
think we may see some of that. But equally, as we look at the heavy projects that are really taking up a
good bit of our time right now, we're seeing very attractive increasing bidding in that respect. I'm not sure
that it totally offsets what the light side of it could be, but I think it's a nice counterbalance to it.

Operator

Our next question comes from Seldon Clarke with Deutsche Bank.

Seldon T. Clarke
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I know you've referenced 60% incrementals on aggregates gross profit in the past. But just given what
you did in the second quarter and the divergence between volume and pricing that we're seeing, is there
any way to break down decrementals or incrementals as it relates to volume and price and how we should
think about cost inflation or is there a level where pricing can't necessarily offset volumes where you
wouldn't see aggregates gross margin expansion?

James A. J. Nickolas
Senior VP & CFO

Well, I think, theoretically, it's possible. We don't anticipate that to be the case, though. So the pricing
is one thing we can bank on. We get it every quarter. It's sustainable and it does flow to the bottom
line. So that's the most powerful weapon in our quiver. And so we've got that going for us. Additionally,
this quarter, and for the foreseeable few quarters, we've got lower diesel prices. So that's going to --
that benefited this year, this quarter, it will benefit next quarter for the rest of this year, I think. So
those are things that we're expecting. Otherwise, it's blocking and tackling with watching your variable
costs, making sure you're flexing. The theoretical question you're posing, I mean, if volumes drops
tremendously. Of course, your fixed costs, the absorption isn't there where you need it to be. And that's
where you're running into some headwinds, but we don't see that happening, quite frankly.

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

In fact, Seldon, one thing just from a color perspective, I'll add to that. And I think it's really important
to underscore this. The recovery that ended with COVID was not a construction-led recovery. And we've
not seen that before in your lifetime or mine. And the fact is, as we look, particularly where housing is
and what the build economy is required, we actually see a lot of things that lead us to believe that the
post-COVID recovery can and likely should be building-led. The other thing that I'll point out on Jim's
commentary that was just entirely correct is, we're seeing nice price with volume down and with energy
down. Oftentimes, when we see energy going up, we actually see that as something that helps push ASPs
up as well. So I wanted to make sure that we share that with you.

Seldon T. Clarke
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then just piggybacking on an earlier question on volumes. How should we think
about the dispersion on a relative basis across the various product categories for volumes in the back half?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Well, I think primarily, as I mentioned before, cement is being really resilient right now. I think we
anticipate ready mixed continuing to be quite resilient. I think asphalt is going to have a good year and
the primary thing that we're speaking of in most of our commentary tends to be around aggregates and
where that's going to be near term and over the next few quarters. So that's how I would ask you to think
about it right now, Seldon.

Operator

Our next question comes from Garik Shmois with Loop Capital.

Garik Simha Shmois
Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research Division

Great. Just one more question on aggregates margins in the second half of the year. I mean, you're
painting a picture of volumes down kind of in this 3% to 4% range, assuming no major kind of change in
trend or deceleration in markets, pricing up low single digits. It seems like diesel is going to be a tailwind.
Is there anything that you can see, be it from a comp perspective or stripping costs or inventories that
could preclude margin expansion in the second half of the year? Is it really just kind of a function of how
do volumes look?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. I think it's 2 things, Garik. I think it's one, how do volumes look and where do volumes look, right?
And I think part of what you're probably looking at that you're pleased with, and I know I'm looking at
it, I'm pleased with it, is to see margin expansion despite the fact that Mid-Atlantic had volumes down
pretty considerably. So I think part of what I would ask you to keep in mind is Mid-Atlantic, particularly
with some of the headwinds that NCDOT has right now, will probably have a more challenged year-over-
year volume than other parts of the business. And again, that's a very high-margin part of our business.
So what you're seeing is great improvement in other parts of the business. We're seeing DOT in North
Carolina putting itself in a position that really as we start getting into next year, it's going to look and feel
a lot more normal relative to what history has been. But I do think that geographic mix issue is one that
you understand and is worth noting.

Garik Simha Shmois
Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research Division

Great. Follow-up question is on cement. How much of the cement volume goes into the West Texas oil
and gas markets? And the headwind to cement pricing in Texas, is this mostly a function of mix or are you
seeing a more competitive landscape in the West Texas region that's impacting things?

C. Howard Nye

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Actually, that's a great question, Garik. And here's what I would say. We don't send significant
volumes to West Texas. Clearly, the biggest volumes that we have will be in DFW and in San Antonio and
in those related markets. So if we go back and book, I want to say, for full year last year, you're probably
looking at 30,000 or 40,000 tons that would have gone into West Texas. Those would not have been
notable numbers.

If you look purely at pricing though, here's what's worth noting. ASPs in West Texas are $200. And if we
look at really what the numbers look like in the North Texas and Central, we were seeing price increases in
the range of around 4%, Garik. So if you're seeing a 4% price there, you're getting back to the numbers
that you would have expected. It's not the $8 going into the year. But if we're looking at overall same-on-
same 4% price up in cement in Texas with down volumes, that's a pretty good number. So if you look at
more profitability, volumes down, price up, actually much better efficiencies.

And the other thing to keep in mind, Garik, is we actually anticipate having less kiln downtime and
maintenance spend on kilns this year than we did last year. We think it's probably going to be about $7
million less in '20 than it was in 2019. So when you really stack up the issues relative to the cement
business, we think it's pretty attractive. And Garik, you were there at the time, too, you'll remember that
one of the things that we thought was possible was to have particular pricing in cement in Texas look over
time, at least relative to a stability perspective, more like aggregates pricing did, and I think that's exactly
what we saw in this quarter. And as you also know, we've been willing when we needed to, to give up
share in that marketplace to continue to be resilient in pricing. So if we go back to 2014, we had a 22%
share in that market. If we look at it today based on controller numbers, we're at about 19%, but pricing
is behaving and profitability is going up. Garik, did that help?

Garik Simha Shmois
Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research Division

Sure did. Thanks for the help.

Operator

Our next question comes from Adam Thalhimer with Thompson, Davis.

Adam Robert Thalhimer
Thompson, Davis & Company, Inc., Research Division

Ward, how's private demand in North Carolina? Is that helping to offset weak DOT?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Private demand is pretty good. I mean, look, housing is good in the state and it's going to be good in
the state. Private nonres is good in the state. It varies by geography. Charlotte is actually having a pretty
good year. Raleigh-Durham is having a pretty good year. Now Greensboro is not having the year that
Raleigh-Durham-Chapel Hill is having and is not having the year that Charlotte is having. And Greensboro
is actually from an ASP perspective a very attractive market for us. But private is holding up pretty well
in part because jobs have held up reasonably well here, Adam. And look, at the end of the day, you got a
lot of people moving to North Carolina. And population is always going to be your single biggest driver of
aggregates consumption.

Adam Robert Thalhimer
Thompson, Davis & Company, Inc., Research Division

Okay. And then in Texas, how do your backlogs look in Texas? And the Austin, I guess I was a little
surprised to see you peel off some aggregates exposure in Austin. Can you talk about that sale?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Actually, we didn't peel off any aggregates exposure in Austin. We sold some businesses called ArkLaTex.
And so the only thing we did in Austin is we sold a depleted sand and gravel location. So that was purely
an excess property. And that's what Jim was referencing. We entered into a purchase and sale agreement
to sell a depleted site for $100 million. So actually, I'll tell you, from the way we look at that, that's a
really nice win. So we did not get rid of any aggregates that were there. And again, back to your point, if
we're looking at backlogs, and you asked specifically about Texas, Southwest backlogs are up about 30%.
And if we look in cement, they're up about 43%. And if we look in ready mixed, they're down low double
digits, but actually somewhat recovering right now due to some Q3 bidding activity.

Operator

Our next question comes from Stanley Elliott with Stifel.

Stanley Stoker Elliott
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Ward, when you talk about the infrastructure piece, it sounds like the states are doing better than what
we would have guessed kind of given the initial shock. There's some discussions around the federal
government providing monies to states. We're also talking about a CR, kind of worst-case scenario, being
flat. Will that keep infrastructure volumes pretty consistent into next year? Because like in the past we've
had CR just been up and down, up and down and hard to get a gauge, but it just feels different this time
around given all of those things I've mentioned plus just the general higher level of funding coming out
from the state side.

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. I think 2 things, Stanley. One, I think if you really get some significant Phase 4 stimulus that's
anywhere in the ZIP code of what AASHTO is looking for in that $37 billion, and it's going directly to state
DOTs, I think that's actually a really important amount of money that would fill a hole. So we'll begin with
that.

I think to your second point relative to the CR, I think you raised a really good point. And I think part
of what happened in the last downturn, and you'll remember it well Stanley because you were watching
it, the CRs, and that ended up oftentimes being very short term. And that's why I made the comment
earlier, people shouldn't be surprised if you see out of the box a long-term CR. And a long-term CR does
not mean it's going to be in place for a long term. It's simply done to make sure states continue to know
that they can plan longer term as Congress goes about the process of probably having a conference and
then coming up with a new infrastructure bill. So I think to your point, yes, I think this does feel better
than last time because I think whatever CR that will go in will be longer. I think whatever highway bill we
get out will be larger. And I think one of your swing factors is, what does Phase 4 look like relative to aid
to the states, and I think we'll know that here in the next, I think by the end of August, we'll have a pretty
good feel for what that's going to look like.

Stanley Stoker Elliott
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Yes. And think, I guess, good news is we haven't seen a whole lot of wholesale project cancellations. But
can you talk about how you all and really the rest of the industry has been able to manage inventory
levels, how do you feel about them going into half of the year? And I think about that kind of in the
context of pricing and then as we look out.

James A. J. Nickolas
Senior VP & CFO

Stanley, it's Jim. Our inventory levels have been relatively constant, slightly up from a year ago and
sequentially from Q1 but no outsized moves there. And so that's just relatively steady. It's good for steady
production levels to offset the shipment levels. So that's pretty even keeled. There's no shortages in sight.
So everyone's quite well balanced at the moment.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

And Stanley, we don't see that having an effect, good, bad or otherwise on ASP. We think ASP is just
always going to behave well.

Stanley Stoker Elliott
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Yes. No, I agree. I was just trying to make sure that others within the space are being as diligent as you
guys are. So I appreciate the commentary. I'll talk to you soon.

Operator

Our next question comes from David MacGregor with Longbow Research.

David Sutherland MacGregor
Longbow Research LLC

Ward, congratulations on a strong quarter, 35.5% gross margins. And with that volume number, it's
fantastic. And I guess I wanted to explore a little further, maybe a question was asked earlier, and let
me come at it from a slightly different angle. And that is, you talked about infrastructure and nonres and
res and what's your longer-term target percentages or proportions might be within the business, the
mid-40s for the infrastructure and 30% for nonres and so on. I guess the question is, against that type of
a proportional mix right now, what would be the variance from that 35.5% gross margin this quarter?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

You know what, I don't think you'd see a big movement in that to tell you the truth, David. The only
thing that I think that may be different in that. I think housing might bill a bigger piece of our pie maybe
for the foreseeable future than it would have historically. So if you think about it, David, if we looked at
those numbers a decade-plus ago, they'd be numbers very similar to what you just said, probably 45%
infrastructure, 30% nonres, probably low teens residential and then the rest would be ChemRock and Rail.
I think res can stay elevated for a while. I think that's actually going to be good for us because I do think,
depending on the type of res, that could actually be good for ASPs. And I think the more single-family
housing that we see, that's going to be helpful. But again, I think that might help a little bit on the margin
side. But overall, I think the margins that you've seen are, I don't think that was going to be end-use-
driven.

David Sutherland MacGregor
Longbow Research LLC

Okay. And just my second question, I guess, on the pricing, if we were to adjust out the Bluegrass impact
from a year ago, what would your pricing have been this quarter?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

I don't know that we have that per se. One thing that I'm happy to tell you is, we saw pricing in Maryland
up around 6.4%. So if you're looking to glean, are we getting some nice synergies from that in Bluegrass,
we are. But I'd really rather not go back and break out what that looks like because it's so integrated into
our business, particularly in places like Georgia today. But that gives you a good snapshot of what the
Maryland business did that really had very little synergy brought together operationally has done relative
to pricing.

David Sutherland MacGregor
Longbow Research LLC

Right. That makes sense.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks so much, David.

Operator

The next question comes from Rohit Seth with SunTrust.

Rohit Seth
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

I was just noticing in your CEO commentary, you talked about SOAR 2025 and I was just curious in SOAR
'25, do you have any plans to rebalance the footprint? The footprint performed very well this cycle. You
actually beat the acquisitions, but the organic growth was only up maybe 1 in the past 5 years. So just
curious as we think in the context of an infrastructure bill, highway bill, Texas has clearly had a very good
run over the last 7 years. How do you think about the portfolio and where the opportunities are?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. I guess what I would say is this, Rohit. We've got 2 opportunities. We've got the opportunity to keep
doing just what you saw in this quarter, and that is make the Martin Marietta that we have better. And I
think that's what you saw in the quarter from a performance perspective. I think the other piece is, we've
got white space on the map that we can continue to move toward. And what I mean by that is, we've
talked a lot, whether it was in SOAR 2020, and you'll hear it in SOAR 2025, where people are going is
going to be what drives aggregates consumption. And the megaregions across the United States is where
people are going to be living, and we've demonstrated that, obviously, in an aggregates-led business, we
can continue to expand margin. So part of what I like about the Martin Marietta story is, we've turned this
business into one of the great aggregate companies, I think, in the world. And I think it's one of the great
building materials companies in the world. We can continue to make it better and we can continue to grow
it. And that's something that, if I'm you, I would continue to expect Martin Marietta to do, and I would just
say, go back and look at SOAR 2020, and we've given you a pretty good road map of places that we would
like to grow.

The other thing that I would say relative to rebalancing, when you look at a decade that went from 1 or 2
in 65% of our markets at the beginning of the decade to 1 or 2 in 90% of our markets by the end of the
decade, we've long said we were looking for that leading position in markets that we find attractive. So we
don't feel like in our heritage footprint that there's an enormous amount of work to be done. There's some
careful work to be done on occasion. And an example of that would be what we discussed earlier, and
that is the sale of the ArkLaTex ready mixed business. We didn't find that particularly a great fit for our
aggregates-led business in Texas and so we pruned that. But that's the type of work you should expect on
the heritage portfolio, and you should expect us to continue to look to grow in new markets where we can
find our way to 1 or 2.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Dudas with Vertical Research.

Michael Stephan Dudas
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Just quickly, more in your prepared remarks, you talk about in early this month, a restructuring internally.
Maybe you can share a little more of the construct on that. Is that something towards your SOAR 2025
campaign? And is there just more efficiencies driven by that or different strategies on the pricing or
business front? Just how you think through that as you're moving ahead towards your restructuring or
different strategies in this business.

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Mike, that's a great question. Thank you for it. It's funny how timing works. We started talking to our
Board literally last August about the restructuring that was announced that was effective on July 1 of this
year. And what we did is we just, we skinny down some of our aggregate divisions. So what we have now
is the Western Division that's run out of Denver. We have a Southwest Division that's run out of Dallas.
We have an East Division that's run here in Raleigh. And we have a Central Division that's run out of
Indianapolis. And then we have our Magnesia Specialties business as well. So were retirements a part of
that? They were. Were efficiencies a part of that? They were. And is the ability for that structure to endure
to give people, whether they're division presidents, VP, GMs or otherwise, expanded responsibilities and
growth in their careers. All of those things help drive the decision. The nice thing is, a corollary benefit is,
you get efficiencies from it. And we were very fortuitous to be in a spot that this is what we were looking
to do even in a pre-COVID world and then COVID comes along and the very thoughtful planning that we
had, to your point, as a part of SOAR 2020 and as a part of SOAR 2025, coalesced very nicely with the
timing need, and it simply could not have worked better.

Michael Stephan Dudas
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

And just my final follow-up would be, as you're speaking of COVID, have you noticed anything with
the lockdowns, the restarts in your important states, the tenor, the thought process from your private
customers, from the governments of maybe some slowing in the pace of activity or bidding or letting
because of some of the fears we seem to hear constantly from the media?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Michael, again, thanks for that question. Look, the fact is, as I tried to mention, weather, at least for the
quarter, was probably more impactful than COVID was, but we would be naive to say that there wasn't a
COVID effect out there. So was NCDOT feeling some degree of duress pre-COVID? Sure they were. Are
they feeling a little bit more post-COVID? Yes, they are. And so has that affected volumes? And with that
particular department, it has. Has it affected some other DOTs in modest rates? To be sure, it has. It's
clearly affected some private businesses, too. It's tough to wholly quantify exactly what that is. But I do
think people have recognized how to live and how to work with this. Part of what's been interesting to me
is we've operated all the way through this as an essential business. And our nearly 9,000 employee count,
we've had about 90 positive COVID cases, the vast majority of which have gone home, recovered at home
and come back to work. And we have only had literally a handful of what we've been able to identify as
employee-to-employee COVID spread cases. So I think businesses, governments and others have learned
how to work with this. It's clearly had an effect. It's going to have an effect for a period of time. I think
the actual field effect will become less, not more, and we'll have to watch and see what the fiscal effects
are and how governmental stimulus works.

Michael Stephan Dudas
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

That's encouraging.

Operator

Our next question comes from Zane Karimi with D.A. Davidson.

Zane Adam Karimi
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division

Hope everyone is healthy and well.

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Thank you, Zane.

Zane Adam Karimi

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division

So first off, on the cement side of things. Do you have any commentary around the timing of planned
maintenance expenses for cement this year as well as any thoughts around a potential, another cement
price increase?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Well, what I would say is, cement price increases will come out again next year. So our intention is to
come out typically once a year and put the price increases in. So there shouldn't be any more on price
increases this year. If we're looking at what cadence is going to be, right now, we're forecasting probably
about $3.5 million or $3.6 million worth of outage costs. So these are outage costs. And I think that's
what you're asking about in Q3. We're looking at probably around $0.5 million of those in Q4. And if you
tally what we did in Q1 and Q2, that means our total kiln outage cost for the year will be in the ZIP code
of around $19.5 million, and that's about $6.9 million less than we saw in 2019.

Zane Adam Karimi
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division

Okay. And then also on SOAR 2025, are you guys thinking about providing some more specific parameters
or financial aspirations related to that this fiscal year?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

The short answer is, yes, we will. But we've got one important step that we need to do before we do that,
and that is we need to present it to our Board of Directors. And that's exactly what management is going
to do when the Board is here next month or here in just a few weeks. And I'm sure as we come out later
in the year and early next year, we can give you a much clearer picture of what our goals and intentions
are under SOAR 2025.

Operator

And I'm not showing any further questions at this time.

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Well, thank you for joining our second quarter 2020 earnings conference call. With our steadfast
commitment to safety, cost discipline and operational excellence, Martin Marietta has the right strategic
priorities and best-in-class teams to responsibly navigate through these challenging times and drive
sustainable long-term growth and shareholder value. We're moving forward with confidence and
determination. We look forward to discussing our third quarter 2020 results in just a few months. As
always, we're available for any follow-up questions. Thank you again for your time and your continued
support of Martin Marietta. Please stay safe and healthy.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect and have a
wonderful day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

25

