Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. 

NYSE:MMC
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, January 28, 2021 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.12

1.19

6.25

1.76

4.89

4.97

1.64

5.40

4263.16

4416.00

3.59

4775.42

17083.09

17224.00

0.82

17847.04

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-28-2021 1:14 PM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

1.56

1.13

0.72

1.12

1.64

1.32

0.82

1.19

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5.13 %

16.81 %

13.89 %

6.25 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

John Quinlan Doyle
Vice Chair

Mark Christopher McGivney
Chief Financial Officer

Martine Ferland
Vice Chair

Peter C. Hearn
Chief Executive Officer

Thomas Scott McDonald
Chief Executive Officer, President
and Member of Executive
Committee

ANALYSTS

David Kenneth Motemaden
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Meyer Shields
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Michael David Zaremski
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Philip Michael Stefano
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to Marsh & McLennan's conference call. Today's call is being recorded. Fourth quarter 2020
financial results and supplemental information were issued earlier this morning. They are available on the
company's website at mmc.com.

Please note that remarks made today may include forward-looking statements, including certain
expectations related to COVID-19 and other matters. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks
and uncertainties, and a variety of factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those
contemplated by such statements. For a more detailed discussion of those factors, please refer to our
earnings release for this quarter and to our most recent SEC filings, including our most recent Form 10-K,
all of which are available on the MMC website.

During the call today, we may also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of
these measures to the most closely comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the schedule in today's
earnings release.

I'll now turn this over to Dan Glaser, President and CEO of Marsh & McLennan.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Good morning, and thank you for joining us to discuss our fourth quarter results reported earlier today.
I'm Dan Glaser, President and CEO of Marsh & McLennan. Joining me on the call today is Mark McGivney,
our CFO; and the CEOs of our businesses, John Doyle of Marsh; Peter Hearn of Guy Carpenter; Martine
Ferland of Mercer; and Scott McDonald of Oliver Wyman. Also with us this morning is Sarah Dewitt, Head
of Investor Relations.

2020 was a year like no other, and Marsh & McLennan's response and performance was nothing short
of remarkable in the circumstances. The year was characterized by tough choices that we made as a
business and as individuals. Our colleagues rose to the occasion and demonstrated resilience, courage,
agility, collaboration and empathy in the face of the global pandemic and social unrest.

Times like these validate our purpose to make a difference in the moments that matter for our clients,
colleagues and communities, and we did exactly that.

Our 2020 adjusted EPS growth of 7% is impressive in one of the worst economic recessions ever. Our
strong financial performance also enabled us to continue to invest for the future. We continue to develop
digital technologies to offer more robust client solutions. We made a number of strategic hires and
achieved a record year of acquired revenue at MMA through 8 acquisitions with approximately $235 million
of annualized revenue.

Looking forward, while the global pandemic will most likely dominate at least the first half of 2021,
there are brighter days ahead. Our proprietary Pandemic Navigator model predicts that as vaccines are
rolled out and we move closer to herd immunity through natural immunity, infection case counts and
vaccinations, the U.S. and U.K. could see a return to more normal patterns sometime in the back half of
the year.

As we emerge from the crisis, clients around the world can rely on our expertise in the 3 areas that are
critical for every organization: risk, strategy and people. The World Economic Forum of annual Global
Risk Report, which was released last week and prepared with the support of Marsh & McLennan and other
partners, highlight some of the most likely and impactful risks facing the world today. And we are working
with clients to navigate these issues.

Marsh & McLennan has collaborated in the preparation of the annual Global Risk Report for 16 years.
In its first edition in 2006, the report warned against the risk of a lethal flu spread by global travel

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

patterns. And in 2015, pandemics were identified as the #2 global risk. It also drew attention to the risk
of global climate change and cyber threat many times over the past 10 years. This year's report highlights
infectious disease, extreme weather and climate action failure as top impact risks, while social, digital and
economic inequality have ascended as major risk.

Marsh & McLennan continues to help clients adapt to an evolving risk landscape and navigate long-term
secular challenges while, at the same time, providing advice and solutions for their most pressing issues of
the day.

Let me spend a moment on current P&C insurance market conditions. The fourth quarter marks the
13th consecutive quarter of rate increases in the commercial P&C insurance marketplace. The Marsh
Global Insurance Market Index showed price increases of 22% year-over-year versus 20% in the third
quarter. Global property insurance was up 20%, and global financial and professional lines were up 47%,
while global casualty rates were up 7% on average. And U.S. workers' compensation pricing declined
modestly. Keep in mind, our index skews to large account business. However, U.S. small and middle
market insurance pricing continues to rise as well, although the magnitude of price increases is less than
for large complex accounts.

At the January renewals, commercial insurance market conditions remained challenging across products
and regions. Risks are able to be placed, although at higher prices and, in some cases, with less coverage
and stricter terms. Insurance carriers continue to push for rate increases in the face of losses, low returns
and interest rates. At the January 1 reinsurance renewals, while pricing ultimately settled at the lower end
of our early predictions, negotiations were lengthy and complex with a significant focus on coverage and
structure.

Traditional dedicated reinsurance capital increased slightly, as calculated by Guy Carpenter and AM Best.
However, alternative capital was down marginally. The willingness of providers to deploy capital improved
over the very constrained midyear 2020 conditions. Capacity was generally available for both property
and casualty lines. Nonloss impacted property programs saw pricing up mid-single digit to low teens in
the U.S. and low single digits in EMEA and Asia Pacific. Significant recent loss activity drove pricing up
in excess of 30% on some segments of impacted business. Casualty renewals were subject to increased
underwriting rigor due to ongoing pressures of social inflation and challenging experience.

Price increases continue to be pervasive in both the P&C insurance and reinsurance markets overall. While
capital levels remain reasonable, 2020 saw elevated loss activity at historic pandemic and low interest
rates. Periods of rising P&C rates, changing risk environment and uncertainty present challenges for our
clients and the value of our advice and services becomes even more critical.

Now let me turn to our fourth quarter financial performance. We generated adjusted EPS of $1.19, which
caps a strong year for Marsh & McLennan, despite the ongoing global pandemic and economic recession.
Total revenue increased 4% versus a year ago and rose 1% on an underlying basis. Underlying revenue
grew 3% in RIS or 4% excluding the decline in fiduciary interest and declined 2 -- 1% in Consulting.
Marsh grew 4% in the quarter on an underlying basis, finishing the year strong. Guy Carpenter grew 5%
on an underlying basis in the quarter. Mercer underlying revenue declined 3% in the quarter, and Oliver
Wyman grew by 4% as new business picked up into the end of the year.

The overall fourth quarter saw adjusted operating income consistent with prior year, with our adjusted
operating margin down 60 basis points year-over-year. As we mentioned on our last earnings call, we
expected to see a sequential uptick in expenses in the fourth quarter. The increase reflects employee-
related actions that would have taken place over the course of the year, but were delayed in the thick
of the pandemic, and increase in variable compensation accruals due to Oliver Wyman's better-than-
expected performance as well as strategic hiring and other investments.

As we consistently say, it is important not to overemphasize a single quarter and rather look at
performance over a longer period of time. For the full year 2020, adjusted operating income increased
9%, with 120 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion. RIS achieved 170 basis points of
adjusted operating margin expansion for the full year, while Consulting gained 20 basis points. For the
full year, adjusted EPS grew 7%. Overall revenue grew 3% or 1% on an underlying basis. RIS underlying

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

growth of 3% was driven by growth of 3% in Marsh and 6% at Guy Carpenter partially offset by a
significant decline in fiduciary interest. Consulting revenue held up well despite the more discretionary
nature of revenue and higher economic sensitivity, with Mercer's underlying revenue down 1% and Oliver
Wyman down 4% for the full year.

As we look to 2021, we are well positioned given the resilience of our business, strong demand for our
services and our expectation for a better economic backdrop. For the full year 2021, we expect to deliver
underlying revenue growth in the 3% to 5% range, margin expansion and solid growth in adjusted EPS.
This is based on our outlook today, which assumes the global economy recovers in 2021 with a return to
positive economic growth in the second quarter.

2021 represents the 150th anniversary of Marsh & McLennan. Few enterprises endure, let alone prosper
for 1.5 centuries. Our predecessors helped our clients navigate through world wars, depressions and, yes,
pandemics. From our very beginning, we developed unique solutions and markets to address complex
issues. We helped enable the development of major industries by creating insurance solutions for the
automobile, telephone and electric power sectors. We pioneered innovative pension products that enhance
retirement security. Decades ago, we developed some of the first space protection programs. Today, we
are boldly working with governments around the world on a new type of public-private partnership to help
address systemic risk from pandemics. We are also at the forefront of tackling society challenges such as
cybersecurity, the protection gap, healthy societies, the retirement gap and climate resilience.

Our growth and financial performance over this period was also outstanding. At the beginning of the 20th
Century, we had approximately 20 employees and less than $1 million of revenue. Fast forward to today,
we have over 76,000 employees in 130 countries and over $17 billion of revenue. Since going public in
1962, our financial returns have been exceptional with significant earnings growth. During this time, our
revenues, adjusted operating income and adjusted EPS all have grown by a double-digit CAGR with a
share price return CAGR over 10% annually. These stock returns meaningfully outpaced the S&P 500 and
are testament to the value that Marsh & McLennan delivers for clients, colleagues and shareholders.

We intend to use the occasion of our 150th anniversary to celebrate our history, chart our future and
demonstrate indeed our commitment to the community. To that end, we announced earlier this month that
we have committed to be carbon neutral as a company in 2021 and will reduce our carbon emissions by
15% by 2025. Over the balance of the year, we will roll out other initiatives, including fellowships for racial
and social justice.

As 2020 has powerfully demonstrated, the age of risk has really just begun. We want to preserve the best
of what we have learned in 2020 about the importance of resilience, flexibility and empathy and then build
on that foundation with a relentless spirit of innovation to shape the future. And one thing that Marsh &
McLennan will never change: we put clients at the center of everything that we do.

With that, let me turn it over to Mark for a more detailed review of our results.

Mark Christopher McGivney
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Dan, and good morning. We're pleased with our fourth quarter and full year results which were
strong despite the challenges of 2020. We grew our top line, delivered solid earnings growth and entered
2021 with a strong balance sheet and liquidity position.

Consolidated revenue increased 4% in the fourth quarter to $4.4 billion, reflecting underlying growth of
1%. Operating income was $571 million, while adjusted operating income was $855 million. Our adjusted
operating margin decreased 60 basis points to 21.3%. GAAP EPS was $0.73, and adjusted EPS was $1.19.

Looking at Risk & Insurance Services. Fourth quarter revenue grew 6% to $2.5 billion and was up 3% on
an underlying basis or 4% excluding the impact of the decline in fiduciary interest. We are pleased with
this excellent finish to the year, which demonstrates the strength and resilience of our business in the
face of the pandemic. Adjusted operating income decreased 5% to $525 million, and the adjusted margin
contracted 220 basis points to 23.5%, reflecting the expected increase in expense in the fourth quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

For the year, revenue was $10.3 billion, an increase of 8% with solid underlying growth of 3%. Adjusted
operating income growth for the year was impressive at 14%, and our adjusted operating margin in RIS
increased 170 basis points to 28%.

At Marsh, revenue in the quarter rose 7% to $2.4 billion, increasing 4% on an underlying basis. In the
U.S. and Canada division, underlying growth was 7% for the quarter and 5% for the full year, driven by
strength across the portfolio. 2020 represents the third straight year of 5% or higher underlying growth in
U.S. and Canada.

In the International division, underlying revenue was flat in the quarter, with Latin America up 3%, Asia
Pacific up 1% and EMEA down 2%. For the full year, revenue at Marsh was $8.6 billion, an increase of 7%
or 3% on an underlying basis.

Guy Carpenter's revenue was $162 million, an increase of 5% on an underlying basis for the quarter,
representing a great finish to a strong year. The performance in the quarter benefited from growth at GC
Securities as well as strength in new and renewal business across our region. For the year, revenue was
$1.7 billion, an increase of 15% or 6% on an underlying basis. The full year growth was well balanced with
all businesses producing strong results.

In the Consulting segment, fourth quarter revenue increased 1% to $1.9 billion with an underlying
revenue decline of 1%. Consulting operating income was $179 million, and adjusted operating income
was $387 million, up 8%. The adjusted operating margin was 21.4%, an increase of 170 basis points
versus a year ago. For the year, revenue was $7 billion, a decrease of 2% on an underlying basis. Adjusted
operating income for the year declined 2% to $1.2 billion, while our adjusted operating margin increased
20 basis points to 18.8%.

Mercer's revenue was $1.3 billion in the quarter, representing a decrease of 3% on an underlying basis.
Wealth decreased 1% on an underlying basis with an increase in investment management offset by a
decline in DB. Our overall assets under management continued to grow and at year-end exceeded $357
billion, up 11% sequentially and 17% year-over-year. Health revenue declined 2% on an underlying
basis in the fourth quarter, reflecting headwinds from higher unemployment levels along with a tough
comparison to a strong quarter for project work in the fourth quarter of 2019. Career revenue declined 7%
on an underlying basis.

For the year, revenue at Mercer was $4.9 billion, a decrease of 1% on an underlying basis.

Oliver Wyman's revenue in the fourth quarter was $590 million, an increase of 4% on an underlying basis.
The stronger-than-expected results were driven by increased client demand across most segments of the
business. We are pleased with the sequential improvement of positive underlying growth to finish out the
year, although we recognize the environment remains uncertain. For the full year, Oliver Wyman's revenue
was $2 billion, a decrease of 4% on an underlying basis.

Adjusted corporate expense was $57 million in the quarter. In the fourth quarter, we reported $284
million of noteworthy items, the majority of which are related to JLT. Included in this total are $70 million
of JLT integration costs, $13 million of JLT acquisition-related costs, $46 million of other restructuring
costs and $161 million related to a legacy JLT E&O in the U.K. This E&O relates to an industry-wide
review commenced by the FCA in 2014. The FCA focused on the suitability of financial advice provided to
individuals by a number of companies, including JLT, relating to enhanced transfer value exercises that,
in some cases, date back to 2001. At the time of the JLT acquisition, a gross liability of approximately
$77 million had already been recorded. This latest update reflects our best estimate of the ultimate
liability. We expect this gross liability to be partially offset by insurance recoveries from JLT's insurers and
indemnification plans.

As we typically do on our fourth quarter call, I will give a brief update on our global retirement plan. Cash
contributions to our global defined benefit plans were $143 million in 2020 compared to $122 million in
2019. We expect cash contributions in 2021 will be roughly $124 million. For 2021, based on our current
expectations, we anticipate our other net benefit credit will increase modestly year-over-year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

Investment income was $25 million in the fourth quarter on a GAAP basis and was $11 million on an
adjusted basis. For the full year 2020, our GAAP investment income was a loss of $22 million, and
adjusted investment income was a gain of approximately $6 million. The differences between GAAP and
adjusted primarily relate to mark-to-market adjustments on our remaining investment in Alexander IV,
which we exclude from our adjusted results. For 2021, we expect only modest investment income on an
adjusted basis.

Our effective adjusted tax rate in the fourth quarter was 24% compared with 23.4% in the fourth quarter
last year. For the full year 2020, our adjusted tax rate was 24.4% as compared to 24.1% for the full year
2019. Excluding discrete items, our adjusted tax rate for the full year was approximately 25.3%.

When we give forward guidance around our tax rate, we do not project discrete items, which can be
positive or negative. Based on the current environment, it is reasonable to assume a tax rate between
25% to 26% for 2021.

We made great progress in 2020 on our integration of JLT and have exceeded the key milestones we laid
out when we announced the transaction. We incurred $70 million of JLT integration and restructuring costs
in the fourth quarter, bringing the total to date to $586 million. The remaining work to be done in 2021
consists primarily of ongoing technology application migrations and the further consolidation of real estate.

Through year-end 2020, we have exceeded the estimated savings of $350 million. We now expect to
achieve approximately $425 million of savings by the time the integration is completed in 2021. We expect
to incur approximately $650 million of cash cost to generate these savings. In addition, we continue to
expect approximately $75 million of noncash charges.

We ended the year with $2.1 billion of cash due to the strength of our cash flow from operations and
efforts made during the crisis to improve working cap. Our strong cash generation during the year enabled
us to raise our dividend, complete a record level of acquisition activity at Marsh & McLennan Agency, and
stay on pace with our deleveraging plan, with $1.5 billion of total debt repaid in the fourth quarter. Total
debt at the end of the year was $11.3 billion, down from $12.7 billion at the end of the third quarter,
reflecting the repayment of $700 million of senior notes, the prepayment of $300 million floating rate
notes due in December 2021 and repayment of the remaining $500 million due on our term loan. Our next
scheduled debt maturity is in July when $500 million of senior notes mature.

Interest expense in the fourth quarter was $128 million. Based on our current forecast, we expect
approximately $119 million of interest expense in the first quarter of 2021.

In line with our prior commentary, we did not repurchase any shares in the fourth quarter of 2020. As we
look to 2021, while uncertainty remains high, the combination of our available cash and expected cash
generation positions us well for a year of significant capital deployment. Based on our outlook today, we
currently expect to deploy approximately $3.5 billion of capital in 2021 across dividends, debt reduction,
acquisitions and share repurchases. Due to our debt reduction in Q4, we expect only a modest amount of
debt paydown in 2021, which will complete our deleveraging.

We've consistently stated that we favor attractive acquisitions over share repurchases as we do high-
quality acquisitions as the better value creator for shareholders and the company over the long term. Our
track record is good, as evidenced by our high-teens return on invested capital over the past 3 years. We
expect to resume share repurchases in 2021, and the ultimate level of share repurchases will depend on
how the M&A pipeline develops.

Uses of cash in the fourth quarter totaled $365 million and included $124 million for acquisitions, and
$241 million for dividends. For the full year of 2020, uses of cash totaled $1.8 billion and included $877
million for acquisitions and $943 million for dividend.

In summary, we are proud of the resilience, courage and agility of our colleagues in a year that presented
unique challenges. As we look forward to 2021, our outlook is for another year of strong performance. And
with that, I'm happy to turn it back to Dan.

Daniel S. Glaser

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

President, CEO & Director
Thank you, Mark. And operator, we're ready to go to the Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

My first question was on the outlook for 2021. You guys pointed to 3% to 5% overall organic revenue
growth. Just trying to get a sense embedded in that, what's the views for RIS versus Consulting? And then
given that you guys obviously, right, expect the economy to start to rebound, I think you said, Dan, in the
second quarter, would we -- should we assume that the growth is better in the back 3 quarters than the
Q1?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Yes. No, it's a good question, Elyse. We were 3% to 5% growth on an underlying basis for 10 straight
years before 2020. And so I -- we feel that it's actually really positive that we're believing we will return
to that 3% to 5% growth in 2021. The difference between RIS and Consulting has more to do with what's
happening in the global economy and macro factors, business confidence, obviously, as demonstrated this
year. The RIS business is a bit more resilient with higher levels of recurring revenue than the Consulting
business. But we're still hopeful actually that we will grow our Consulting business in 2021 in both Mercer
and Oliver Wyman, and that's actually our plan.

We do expect that there would be more strength from the second quarter onwards because the first
quarter, you're basically comparing a pre-COVID world with a COVID world, and so there'll be some
challenges within that. But we're -- we've got some pretty decent momentum that we built throughout the
year, and so we're expecting a good year in 2021. As we mentioned on -- in the script, we expect to have
margin expansion for the year, and we also expect to have solid adjusted EPS growth.

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then my second question, I guess is also one of the other component of
guidance, some margin improvement. You guys did, like you said, a pretty good job of managing your
expenses during the second and the third quarter. It sounds like there was a little bit more reinvestment,
some stuff that got put off, I think you said, in the fourth quarter. So I guess the same question I was
thinking about on the margin side. It sounds like maybe there could be some strain on the Q2 and the Q3
because those are pretty tough comps. But I guess that's one part of the question.

And then the same thing, are you implying, Dan, since you said potentially growth in both Consulting and
RIS, that both segments could see margin improvement in 2021?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean, again, our margin improvement in 2021 will, in part, be a function of where organic growth
is. When we look at it, you say we did a pretty good job in the second quarter. My god, we rattled back
expenses fast. Expense growth was down 5% in the second quarter, 4% in the third quarter. So I think it
was a remarkable job, not impacting the business itself, continuing to invest in the business, but managing
our expenses aggressively in setting a very high bar for what was required in the midst of a real crisis, a
real global crisis.

And so the fourth quarter represents, to us, of getting back, not quite to normal, but looking at pacing the
way we normally would do. A little inside baseball in that we clearly -- we did a number of strategic hiring
in the fourth quarter. We're actually up 500 -- or actually close to 500 headcount in the fourth quarter, and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

so we're positioned well for 2021. I'm not worried about quarter-by-quarter comparisons looking at 2021
versus 2020 because 2020 in a lot of ways in such a unique, bizarre type of year.

So we're going to run our business the way we want to run our business as we usually do, where revenue
growth exceeds expense growth in almost every quarter and certainly in every year, as it has done for
the last 13 years. So I know that the entire firm was very interested in doing our best to turn the page on
2020 and focus on 2021. And in the fourth quarter, we started really focusing on what that would mean.
So I think we're positioned to grow decently in both. And whether our margin goes up in both segments or
not, I'm not going to really talk about right now. I mean our expectation is that we will grow margins.

Now I mean are we going to grow margins to the extent that we did as an overall company in 2020? Well
that would be a very [ tall ] ask, bearing in mind all the expenses that were pulled back in the second and
third quarter.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski with Crédit Suisse.

Michael David Zaremski
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I guess I'll ask the expense question a little differently. And you said a remarkable job kind of pulling back
on expenses. So I guess, do you feel that you -- or any kind of lessons or things that you think that can,
expense-wise or operating leverage-wise, can kind of persist permanently? Or are you saying kind of the
relationship between revenues and expenses kind of, hopefully, just goes back to their old relationship as
the world opens up and things get back to normal?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

I think it's a complicated question, and I think the answer is both. I do think we will return to a more
normal pattern to where we look at revenue growth in the 3% to 5% area. Our expense growth for a
number of years, 4 out of the last 5 years before 2020 was average -- well not average, was actually
2% growth. So our expense growth, normally, would be around 2%, as it's been. Now some years might
be 3%, some years might be 1%, but ultimately, I think that's the more normal pattern. We do see the
opportunity of certain things that we've learned during this year or during the year 2020 to continue.

Clearly, when you think about things like we're a business that's filled with knowledge workers and subject
matter experts, so remote working is manageable for us. So our choice of returning to offices is just that,
it's a choice. We think it's better for the business. We expect our offices -- physical offices to remain really
the hub of activity in Marsh & McLennan. But having said that, we also think that over a period of a few
years, that we would be able to reduce our footprint a bit, and that would actually benefit shareholders,
but it would also benefit colleagues by making their lives a bit more flexible and a bit easier. So certainly,
that's an area of having a more agile real estate footprint is an example.

We also operated much faster and more connected during COVID than we did previously. And there's an
efficiency gain with that, that we absolutely want to keep. I look at T&E. I think it's going to be a while
before travel snaps back to the levels that we had in like 2019, and maybe it will be quite a while. I do
expect people, once COVID clears and the crisis is over, to return to travel, to see markets and to see
clients. But maybe we don't travel quite as much in packs like we used to. And maybe we won't jump on
an airplane at a moment's notice. It could be more like, well, let's talk on Zoom because everybody is
used to that now. So I do think that there is lasting efficiency gain which will benefit shareholders in the
post-COVID world.

Michael David Zaremski
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. Great. And then last follow-up, switching gears a little bit to some of the more consulting-centric
businesses. I guess a lot of the questions we get are about whether organic will kind of succumb to some
cost-cutting actions some corporations are taking.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

I guess on the other hand, there seems to be a lot of uncertainty out there, which sometimes can lead
to -- in a new political administration, which could actually be a tailwind for parts of your Consulting
businesses. So and maybe you can kind of talk through some of the pluses and minuses you're seeing.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Sure. I'll leave that off, and then I'll hand off to Martine and Scott, who can give you a little bit more
detail. I mean our Consulting businesses, yes, they have less recurring revenue and parts of the career
business and Oliver Wyman are project-based. But having said that, they're resilient businesses, and
there's still plenty of activity as demonstrated by Mercer's performance through the year, which was
minus 3% but much stronger -- minus 3% in the last 3 quarters and actually minus 1% for the year,
which actually is much stronger than during the financial crisis. And areas like health and investments,
retirement security are lasting and have resilience in and of themselves.

Oliver Wyman's pop in the fourth quarter was a bit unexpected for us. And it gave us -- usually, as I've
mentioned before, they tend to be a bit of our canary in the coal mine as the business confidence and the
thoughts. And so let me go to Martine first and then Scott, who can give you a little bit more flavor for
how they see growth in their business in 2021. Martine?

Martine Ferland
Vice Chair

Well, thanks, Dan and Mike, for the question. No, actually, we're pleased, as Dan said, about the new
business activities that we've seen in the current challenging circumstances. And we look at what the
world needs right now in terms of redefining the world of work, addressing health challenges. And also,
we've seen quite a lot of demand in the investment solutions side of our portfolio, and we've closed the
year at a record level of assets under management, that $357 billion.

So I'd say health has been resilient through the crisis. We grew 2%, and we see bright spot there in terms
of digital solutions demand for virtual care, mental health, for example, or workforce communication. As I
said, Wealth, of course, we have the structural decline in the defined benefit, but that has slowed down a
bit during 2020. And we've seen a lot of project work related to market volatility, so that could continue.
But definitely, our investment solutions are very much in demand.

And then for us, Career is our most discretionary project work business, in particular, on the service side
of Career. But Careers usually rebound with the economy. And as Dan said in his remarks, we expect the
economy to -- and the recovery to come back at least in part of H2 and therefore -- and we've seen -- we
are seeing some strength in the current pipeline, and we've seen that in Q4.

So all in all, I think our services are very relevant for the times. We're watching, of course, the agenda
from the Biden administration, but we think that we are well positioned there. In particular, we are very
strong in ESG, like diversity and inclusion, consulting and also on responsible investment and helping
clients address the transition to a low-carbon economy. So I think as soon as the economy comes back, I
think we should see a good rebound.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Martine. Scott, do you want to talk to us a little bit about how you see 2021?

Thomas Scott McDonald
Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Executive Committee

Yes. Sure, Dan and Mike. From an Oliver Wyman perspective, I mean, we had a very strong Q4, and we
had strong business activity across most segments of the business and real particular strength in areas
like financial services, health, the public sector and our actuarial and living cost businesses.

And the type of business we were doing was really broad-based. And it ranged all the way from growth
strategies and digital transformation to the other end of restructuring and bankruptcy. And I think, yes,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

the lesson I'm drawing from that is that there is lots to do out there as businesses recover after the
pandemic and they rebuild, they grow, they evolve, transform. Oliver Wyman also tends to focus on big
companies, which have performed relatively better than small companies over the last period.

Looking into the new year, our new sales and the pipeline are also strong. But as said -- as you said in
your question, clients are facing significant uncertainty as they hopefully manage through the last legs of
the pandemic. But looking out to the whole year, I think the first quarter could be challenging. But beyond
that, I feel really good about our business, our prospects and our ability to grow. Companies are certainly
challenged, and they've got at least another quarter or more of challenge and uncertainty. But they have a
lot to do. They need a lot of support. And I think between Oliver Wyman and Mercer, we have many of the
things they need.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Scott.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Phil Stefano with Deutsche Bank.

Philip Michael Stefano
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I wanted to go back to the expenses for a moment. And I think last quarter, the commentary was that it
was -- it would be up sequentially but maybe not to the extent that we saw on a year-over-year basis. And
it feels like it was higher than that. And I was hoping you could talk around it. My suspicion is there was
an opportunity for investment or hiring, maybe you can better flush that out.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Yes. No, It's a good question, Phil. And it's a good catch. My expectation on the call for our third quarter
was that, that expenses would uptick in the fourth quarter, but they would still be negative on a year-
over-year basis. And actually, they're positive on a year-over-year basis. Our expenses grew 1.5% or 2%
in the fourth quarter. And so it was a bit of a surprise.

There's 2 factors underneath that. One, we didn't expect Oliver Wyman to grow in the fourth quarter, and
Oliver Wyman grew. And as I've mentioned before, they have the most variable compensation model. And
so when they're growing, that's when we build in more on terms of variable comps. So that was something
that we did. And the hiring that we did in the fourth quarter on the strategic recruitment side was higher
than what we expected. We see a lot of opportunities out there. And as I mentioned, we're up nearly 500
headcount on a net basis in the fourth quarter. So that was a little bit more. So those are the 2 factors
that contributed to us having expenses.

It's important to point out, neither of those factors in and of themselves are run rate. I mean certainly,
with the strategic recruitment, we expect revenue over time as a result of building out our headcount as
we've done for many years in a row. And so -- and the variable comp increase in OW, to me, is a good
news story because it's attached to growth. And so I would love for that to continue because it would
signify that we're growing the top line in Oliver Wyman.

Philip Michael Stefano
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. And dialing in on the RIS international businesses, I mean to what extent do the different regions
within there have different organic growth profiles in the short run? And I'm trying to think through the
various regions' ability to manage vaccinations, to adopt stimulus programs and things like that. Should
we see significant difference in these regions as we look to -- in the very short term?

Daniel S. Glaser

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

President, CEO & Director

Yes. It's a good question. And I'll start it off and then I'll hand over to John who's got the biggest
international footprint and also to Peter so he can weigh in as to what he's seeing in different parts of the
world and expectation levels.

Let's bear in mind, just to start, our top 6 countries represent about 75% to 77% of our revenues.
So if you look at the United States, U.K., Canada, Australia, France and Germany as a big part of our
company. And so it's pretty developed economy stuff. But we always have some level of variability, as you
mentioned, and there's going to be different rollouts and there's going to be different timing as to when
the individual countries return to normal. But John, how do you see regional growth patterns as you go
forward into 2021?

John Quinlan Doyle
Vice Chair

Sure. And thank you for the question. Look, we expect a better growth trajectory in the international
business in 2021. Of course, the economic outlook matters and many parts of the world struggled more
from an economic perspective as a by-product, of course, of the pandemic, saw maybe less government
intervention to support the economies. What I would say, too, internationally, and at least in many
markets, maybe not the U.K., maybe not the -- Australia or some other more developed markets.

A lot of premium spend can be quite discretionary, right? And so -- and you have liability environments
that are very, very different than the countries that I mentioned earlier. And so -- and we also saw less
price and less rate increase in many of those markets as well. So I think, overall, I would expect less
premium growth from an insurer perspective internationally than what we saw in the U.S., where, as you
saw, we had very, very strong revenue growth this year. But again, I'm optimistic about '21. It should be a
better year.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, John. Peter, do you want to give us Guy Carpenter's perspective of regional growth patterns?

Peter C. Hearn
Chief Executive Officer

Sure. Our 2020 regional business, international business was fantastic. We had strong double-digit growth
in Latin America, Asia Pacific, EMEA operations, our U.K. operations. And it's fascinating because we
have not seen any weakness in the underlying subject premium basis from our clients. And quite frankly,
uncertainty creates demand in every reinsurance business, the uncertainty created by COVID and the
potential loss magnitude has increased demand in our -- in all of our businesses. But for the first time in a
long time, our international businesses have all grown by strong double digits, and we see the same thing
for 2021.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So first, just a question on capital deployment. I think you mentioned $3.5 billion and I guess about $1
billion of that will be used for dividends, about $500 million for debt retirement. So the remaining $2
billion, should we assume that buybacks will be consistent with what you've done in the past, which has
sort of offset the or keep the share count constant or go down a little bit? Or would you consider being
more active either based on the stock price or just your deal pipeline?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

Sure. Thanks, Jimmy. So Mark mentioned that we will deploy approximately $3.5 billion of capital in 2021.
And Mark, do you want to take that question and give a little bit of our philosophy, how we're thinking
about that?

Mark Christopher McGivney
Chief Financial Officer

Sure, Jimmy. Jimmy, your math is good. The $3.5 billion, your $1 billion for dividends, $500 million of
debt pay down and the remainder of $2 billion. As I said earlier, and as we've said consistently, we favor
acquisitions and so as we think about that $2 billion bucket, the lean is going to be M&A. Our M&A pipeline
is good. But I would say we do expect a meaningful amount of share repurchases. Just the exact amount
is really going to depend on the strength of the M&A pipeline as we go through the year.

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And how is just the competition for deals and sort of availability of attractive properties because there
does seem to be a lot of interest, and there's ongoing consolidation in the market?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Jimmy, we're the market leader we don't compete an awful lot for assets in the marketplace in any
kind of competitive bidding of processes. At the end, the majority of companies that we acquire, we're in
exclusive negotiations. And their decision, oftentimes is, are they going to come with Marsh & Mclennan or
will they remain private?

That is how it works on the majority of ours. So we're not chasing deals. And frankly, if a company is
debating whether they should sell to us as a combination that would help them grow better and give
better career pathing to their colleague base and they're viewing that as to, well, what about private
equity, as an example, as an alternative, then they were not ready for really that conversation. At the end,
we like doing transactions in which we're not selling ourselves and they're not selling themselves. We're
deciding in combination that working together will enable more growth for the combined operation on a
go-forward basis.

So we're highly selective. We're not doing dozens and dozens of deals as you see that takes place out
there in the market. And as I said, most of our acquisitions were in some element of exclusive discussion.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW.

Meyer Shields
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Dan, I don't know if you mentioned this before and I missed it, but the nearly 500 headcount increase in
the fourth quarter, was that more weighted towards RIS or Consulting?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Yes. No, I mean, at the end, I don't have the precise number for you. I mean my view in it would be RIS-
weighted and so -- but Consulting, we intend -- if I look at our overall headcount for the total company
in 2020, it is up slightly -- up slightly versus 2019. So it's not that we've emptied the cupboard and that
we've achieved our margin expansion in 2020 in a way that's going to impact us negatively into the future.

We are well prepared for a rebound. And certainly, RIS had a very strong year and is the market leader.
And so we are the employer of choice in the industry, and we have a lot of opportunities to build our
headcount with really quality subject matter experts and producing people as we go forward.

Meyer Shields

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Okay. No, that's helpful. On a different topic, I guess you and Martine mentioned the record assets under
management. Can you give us a framework for how we should think about that impacting earnings?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Sure. I mean it's not a direct read-through. Obviously, with AUM growing, we earn more revenue generally
from that. It also creates a bit more volatility to us as we go forward. But it's very much a good news
story. I mean I think the CAGR on AUM mid-20s over the last 5 years or so. So Martine, how should Meyer
and others think about AUM when it comes down to what does it mean for Mercer's business?

Martine Ferland
Vice Chair

Yes. Well, it's definitely a very strong suit for us. And also the demand through the COVID crisis have
increased. We've had seen the same thing on the global financial crisis, when the market becomes more
uncertain, the demand for improved governance and transaction agility really drive demand for us, and
we're seeing this. So we had very, very strong inflows in 2020. We're seeing a very good pipeline for 2021.
And of course, there's always the aspect of capital market in that business that impacts the AUM itself, but
also the revenue.

And then within the offering, Meyer, there's different types. So we have assets, pension assets, and we
have non-pension assets. And there's -- the client really decide on the asset mix, so the exposure to
whether equity or bonds or private market. We think that actually the way that we deploy these assets,
it's -- there's just mitigation of risk in itself because of the diversification of the portfolio. So I would say
that the revenue flows, it depends on when the AUM funds in the year, but it's been a success and growth
story so far.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Martine.

Operator

Next question comes from the line of David Motemaden with Evercore ISI.

David Kenneth Motemaden
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I just wanted to follow up a bit on the underlying expenses and just how to think about it. So, Dan, you
mentioned earlier, it was a bit above what you had expected in 4Q or at least what you had expected in
the third quarter.

I guess how should we be thinking about it as we look forward into '21? Based on how I calculate, it looks
like underlying expenses were up 1% in 2020. Would you still expect it to be in that 2% to 3% range in
'21? Or is some of the timing impact kind of -- would that maybe bring the underlying expense growth
below that range as we look to '21?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Well, I mean it's an impossible question to answer without knowing the organic or underlying growth rate
for 2021 in each of our businesses because a fair amount of our expense growth is linked with variable
comps. I mean our bonus pool increased in 2020. In fact, the overall Marsh & McLennan bonus pool has
never been higher than in 2020 because profitability was up considerably. And so when I look forward
to next year -- or 2021 rather, I look at it and say, almost certainly, revenue is going to exceed expense
growth as it has for the last 13 years.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

It may not be in every quarter, but certainly, that's how we run the business for a year. I think a lot of our
expense pop in the fourth quarter was nonrun rate. I mean some of it was, but a lot of it wasn't. And so I
look at it pretty simply. For 10 years prior to COVID, we grew underlying revenue between 3% to 5%, and
we delivered an adjusted EPA -- EPS CAGR over that decade of close to 12%. So ultimately, that's what
we were playing for. The idea is that as long we grow underlying revenue, we can run our business and
the expense side of our business in a way to develop strong adjusted EPS growth. And that's kind of how I
think about 2021.

David Kenneth Motemaden
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Okay. Great. That's helpful, Dan. And maybe just a quick question -- or maybe not so quick, but a
question for John. Just wondering what your thoughts are on the primary P&C market pricing environment
and, I guess, how long do you think that this current hardening rate environment will continue.

I think there's been some discussion out there that it may start to taper off at the end of the year and
maybe be more in line with loss trend, but just wanted to get your sense in terms of the direction of the
market.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

So John, you want to take that?

John Quinlan Doyle
Vice Chair

Sure, David. The market remained very challenging for our clients in the quarter. Dan talked about the
overall price increase of 22% versus 20% in the third quarter. 2020 was obviously a really difficult year
for insurers. Cat losses, COVID losses, social inflation, low interest rates, so it certainly accelerated the --
COVID certainly accelerated the trend for rising prices throughout 2020.

U.S., U.K. and Australia are the most difficult markets, generally speaking, for our clients. Looking
forward, I'm most concerned, again from our clients' perspective, about D&O pricing and excess liability
pricing. The excess liability market really primarily here in the U.S., just a lot of ongoing discussion
about growing claim frequency, growing claim severity, in part, again, driven by social inflation. But just
broad concerns in the underwriting community about rate adequacy there. Work comp remains -- pricing
remains down, on the other hand, and it's been down candidly a bit longer than I've been expecting but
good for our clients.

We are seeing some lines of business where the rate increase line kind of flattened out or began to
moderate. And that's not to say that prices were down, but the average increase in the fourth quarter,
like in our property book, for example, wasn't up as much as it was in the third quarter. So again, overall,
from a client's point of view, I'm most concerned about D&O and excess liability pricing. I do think as time
wears on throughout the rest of 2021, other lines of business will likely moderate a bit.

Operator

Thank you. I would now like to turn the call back over to Dan Glaser, President and CEO of Marsh &
McLennan, for any closing remarks.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

I'd like to thank everyone for joining us on the call this morning. In closing, I'd also like to thank our
colleagues for their hard work and dedication in 2020, which, of course, was a very challenging year.
I want to thank our clients for their continued support. We look forward to speaking to all of you next
quarter. Be well.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating, and you may
now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

