The Mosaic Company NYSE:MOS
FQ1 2020 Pre Recorded Earnings Call 
Transcripts
Monday, May 04, 2020 12:00 AM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

(0.06)

Revenue  (mm)

1926.59

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-01-2020 9:30 PM GMT

(0.07)

1647.16

NM

8.50

0.42

0.23

8832.58

8255.24

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

0.25

0.29

0.23

(0.06)

0.25

0.12

0.08

(0.29)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

0.00 %

(58.62 %)

(65.22 %)

NM

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

3

4

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
THE MOSAIC COMPANY FQ1 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Clint C. Freeland
Senior VP & CFO

James C. O’Rourke
CEO, President & Director

Laura C. Gagnon
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

THE MOSAIC COMPANY FQ1 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2020

Presentation

Laura C. Gagnon
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, and welcome to our first quarter 2020 earnings presentation. I'd like to start by reminding you
that the Q&A portion of this call will be available beginning at 11:00 a.m. Eastern, Tuesday, May 5, and
our full slide content, including modeling assistance, is available on our website.

We will be making forward-looking statements during this presentation. The statements include, but are
not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's
beliefs and expectations as of today's date and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual
results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release and in our
reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

We will also be presenting certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our first quarter press release and
performance data attached as exhibits to today's Form 8-K filing also contain important information on
these non-GAAP measures.

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Joc.

James C. O’Rourke
CEO, President & Director

Thank you for listening to our first quarter results discussion. Because we're all working from home due
to the coronavirus pandemic, we're taking a different approach this quarter. We've made the script and
all our earnings materials available at the same time and will record answers to questions you submit to
Laura. As always, Laura and Lucy will be available to answer your questions.

I'll start by expressing my hope that all of you and your families are safe and healthy. By now, the
pandemic has touched and taken a great many lives, and we all know people who have been affected,
whether by the virus directly or by its huge economic impact. Mosaic has been fortunate with COVID-19
having had minimal impact on our employees, operations or suppliers.

I will cover 3 topics today: First, the current strong conditions in the fertilizer market; second, COVID-19,
its impact on our markets and agriculture now and going forward; and finally, our continued progress on
our strategic initiatives.

Fertilizer markets are strong, and we continue to expect a good year. We expect growth in global
shipments for both phosphates and potash this year. While our expectations have been modestly lower
due to pressure on grain and oilseed prices, we expect good growth, in line with the steady growth in
demand we've seen for decades. We are in the peak spring season in the Northern Hemisphere, and
demand is running high. In fact, our retail customers are reporting that demand is outpacing even their
high expectations.

Our April shipment volumes were robust, and prices are beginning to respond. While sentiment around
biofuels and low grain and oilseed prices have dampened fertilizer price increases, Midwest DAP is up
$36 per million tonne from the beginning of the year. Corn Belt MOP prices softened in the quarter as the
market awaited a new China contract. But we've seen a significant change in sentiment with the signing
of the China contract. Last week, Brazil's CFR MLP price was up $20 per tonne following the contract
announcement. The impact of COVID-19 in North America has pushed our customers to accelerate
deliveries where possible. But otherwise, the season is playing out like a normal spring. Several factors
have brought phosphate and potash markets into better balance.

First, while last fall's North American application started late due to weather, it lasted longer than usual,
which brought down fertilizer inventories. Second, inventories across the channel are low for the first time
in a couple of years, and our tonnes on barges in the river are down by 80% compared with a year ago.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

THE MOSAIC COMPANY FQ1 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2020

We're refilling warehouses quickly to meet very strong fast-paced spring demand in North America, driven
in part by high application rates to replenish nutrient-depleted soils. Third, phosphate supplies from our
competitors has been impacted by COVID-19 and unrelated operational issues. In fact, compared with last
year, we believe phosphate production is down by over 500,000 tonnes, excluding changes in China.

Fourth, demand in China remained strong during the spring season, and India continues to import record
amounts of DAP. Much of India's domestic production declines have been offset by finished product
shipments into the country, but total global supply is down. While Chinese exports are down almost
500,000 tonnes compared with a year ago, we expect China to make up some of but not all of those
tonnes in the second half of the year. And finally, phosphate imports into North America are down year-
over-year by approximately 250,000 tonnes through April. After the severe demand shock resulting from
bad weather in spring of '19, importers seem to be finding homes for their tonnes elsewhere.

Last week, the signing of a new potash contract with China helped form the base on which global prices
can build, given strong demand. The published contract price of $220 per tonne is for red standard, and
prices are higher for white and granular. As is typical, we believe the granular price is $15 premium to
current Brazil spot prices. We believe we will continue to see potash volume and price increases from here.
Slide 5 in our presentation shows a strongly positive market reaction to the contract signing in 2016 in a
similar pricing environment.

Much of North American spring was planned and executed before the whole effect of COVID-19 occurred,
and the pandemic is clearly impacting sentiment in every sector of the economy. I'll spend a few minutes
providing insight into impacts on our markets and our best view of how the season ahead will play out
broadly and for Mosaic. As you can see on Slide 6, we've highlighted not only the risks that we are actively
monitoring but also opportunities that we expect and have seen. USDA planting expectations, currently
at 97 million acres of corn and 84 million acres of soybeans this year, are likely to be revised as growers
adjust to shifting markets and especially to ethanol production expectations. We believe that the reduction
in biofuel demand may be up to the equivalent of 5 million acres of corn. Some of the actual acres that
would have grown corn will migrate to soybeans. And at Mosaic, we are agnostic. Corns and soybeans
both require significant amounts of potash and phosphate.

There is potential for much of the biofuels-related demand destruction in North America to be balanced
by increased corn demand in China, as the nation continues to rebuild herds following the African swine
fever outbreak last year. Elsewhere, we could see impacts to potash demand resulting from weak palm oil
prices, which could take longer to rebound.

As it relates to our business to date, we've seen very little direct impact of COVID-19 on our financial
performance with the total combined margin impact of outages at Miski Mayo and Patrocínio under $10
million in the quarter. That said, we have seen more cautious sentiment from our buyers.

We are closely monitoring the very dynamic situation in our markets as well as logistics and supply
chain risks. Our goal is to be ahead of potential scenarios, to be flexible and to quickly adapt to any
changes. This means maintaining a high degree of optionality in our logistics and sourcing and constant
communication with our teams, suppliers and service providers. Some of the actions we are already taking
include finding alternative sources for phosphate rock to protect against the Miski Mayo outage extending
longer than currently expected as well as finding new sources of sulfur and sulfuric acid to ensure we can
continue to meet our production needs through this period of uncertainty.

It is important to note that we are finding opportunities as well. For example, we're seeing more rail
and truck availability as other industries' demand has fallen, which increases our flexibility and capacity
to move product to market and lowers our fuel and freight costs. Also, while the availability of sulfur
around the world is being impacted by lower refining activity, we have taken advantage of opportunities
to purchase inexpensive sulfuric acid shipments that were in transit to other buyers who no longer had a
need for it.

In addition, we are seeing reduced G&A expenses as we've curtailed travel, and we expect a more
moderate level of spend longer term, as employees over the last couple of months have embraced various
tools and technologies that promote face-to-face collaboration without having to travel. We've also seen

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

THE MOSAIC COMPANY FQ1 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2020

positive developments in cash taxes. Recent passed legislation will accelerate cash tax refund that we had
anticipated collecting over the next few years. As a result, we have updated our cash tax expectations for
the year to reflect a net inflow of approximately $15 million from refunds versus a net outflow previously.

When it comes to our operations, we've been fortunate. Our supply chain partners continue to operate
well, and we maintain the ability to move product by rail, truck, barge and ship. Our employees have
been exceptional. Only a handful of our employees have tested positive for the virus, and none has been
critically ill. We responded to the pandemic by adapting quickly to keep our people healthy and safe. We
managed shift schedules to keep people at safe distances from each other. We kept the office workers
engaged while working from home, and we ensured that we were equipped with appropriate supplies of
personal protective gear. We fundamentally shifted how we worked in just a few days.

We're also doing our part to help society deal with the pandemic. We've invested over $1.5 million in
the communities where we operate to help with those communities most urgent needs including medical
supplies and food relief. Beyond COVID-19, Mosaic continues to execute well and responsibly so that we
can maximize the benefit from improving markets. Our plants and mines are operating efficiently and at
high production rates, and our safety performance continues to improve.

In Brazil, we've achieved transformational savings of $17 million in the quarter. And we are well on our
way towards our new $50 million additional savings target for 2020. Our K3 project continues to gain
momentum with the third miner placed into operation in March and the fourth miner due to be completed
within the next month. Our newly combined North American business is identifying significant costs and
other efficiency opportunities. And our SG&A expenses are down considerably primarily from lower long-
term performance-based incentives.

Now I will turn the call over to Clint to discuss the quarter, how we think about our liquidity and financial
strength and the scenarios we've considered. Clint?

Clint C. Freeland
Senior VP & CFO

Thank you, Joc. As we look back on the first quarter, there were a number of dynamics that we saw in the
business, specifically around sales volumes, finished product prices and currencies. First, volumes in our
3 operating segments were up 14% compared to the first quarter of 2019 as an extended North American
fall application season benefited potash and phosphate volumes, and market strength led to higher activity
at Mosaic Fertilizantes. The combination of this strong demand and industry curtailments led to a rebound
in phosphate spot prices during the quarter, and this dynamic has accelerated into the North American
spring season. Recall, however, that there is a lag between market price changes and realizing those
prices in our results. So we would expect to realize more of these market price improvements in the
second quarter and beyond.

Global currency volatility also had an impact on our business and financial results. In Brazil, the real
depreciated by 22% versus the dollar during the first quarter. And as we've discussed in the past,
depreciation of the real is directionally a benefit to Mosaic and Brazilian farmers as it lowers our production
costs in dollar terms and improves farmer margins. With that said, we are mindful that this may create
credit risk for certain customers with U.S. dollar obligations. However, we have seen minimal impact from
this to date.

While the currency volatility has been less than Brazil, the same dynamics apply to our business in
Canada, where the Canadian dollar depreciated by 8% during the quarter. Recall, however, that we have
a rolling currency hedging program that smooths out short-term volatility. So the effect of the currency
movements on our financial results will be somewhat delayed.

As a result of these currency movements, we recorded $295 million of unrealized foreign currency losses
during the quarter. Of this amount, $239 million is related to accounting for U.S. dollar-denominated
liabilities including intercompany balances at our foreign subsidiaries. When those liabilities are converted
from U.S. dollars to local currency as part of the normal accounting process, that impact is reflected on
the income statement. However, when the subsidiary balance sheets are subsequently translated back into

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

THE MOSAIC COMPANY FQ1 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2020

U.S. dollars as part of the normal consolidation process, there's an identical and offsetting adjustment to
the balance sheet in the other comprehensive income account. The remaining $56 million is the unrealized
mark-to-market on our normal course hedging program. We treat all of this as notable in calculating our
adjusted earnings and adjusted EBITDA. I would also note that approximately $30 million in realized gains
that relate to balance sheet hedges have been treated as notable items as the benefit of these hedges had
no corresponding offset on the income statement.

As outlined on Slide 10, Mosaic's reported net loss for the first quarter of 2020 totaled $203 million or
$0.54 per share, which included $295 million in noncash foreign currency losses that I just mentioned and
normal FX hedging, particularly in Brazil. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $214 million and adjusted
EPS was a loss of $0.06.

At our potash business, adjusted EBITDA for the first quarter was $175 million, down from $256 million
in the first quarter of 2019. Sales volumes during the period were up 2% compared to the previous year,
as improving North American sales were mostly offset by lower international sales due to the lack of the
China contract.

Adjusted gross margin per tonne totaled $69 during the quarter compared to $100 per tonne last year
as the reduction in average sales price more than offset the improvement in cash cost of production. It is
notable that during the first quarter, cash cost of production were $70 per tonne, including $11 per tonne
of cash brine management cost. This brings our cash cost of production, excluding brine cost, to $59 per
tonne, which is below our 2021 target of $62 per tonne, while operating at a reasonable and sustainable
85% operating rate.

While depreciation of the Canadian dollar contributed $1 per tonne to the benefit, most of the cost
improvement has resulted from active portfolio management and the success of the K3 project.

In the phosphates business, first quarter adjusted EBITDA totaled $8 million compared to $168 million
in the first quarter of 2019. Finished product sales volumes were up 7% year-over-year, reflecting the
surge in late fall applications in January and a strong start to the spring season. However, these higher
sales and lower sulfur costs were more than offset by weaker average sales prices. With that said, we
have seen average realized at-the-plant DAP prices strengthened by $8 per tonne in the first quarter and
would expect that to accelerate into the second quarter as more recent pricing trends are realized into
results. While some of this improvement is masked in results by the normal shift away from higher-margin
MicroEssentials sales in the first quarter, we expect this to correct itself in the second quarter as strong
MicroEssentials sales into North America are occurring.

We continue to make significant progress on costs. For instance, our cash rock cost reached $36 per
tonne, with our Florida mining operations delivering one of the best quarters in years and below our 2021
target of $39 per tonne. While our cash conversion costs rose to $67 per tonne due to the impact of
curtailments, we should return to more normal levels in the second quarter as those facilities are back up
to full operation. And finally, we've seen substantial benefits in our raw material costs, primarily sulfur.
While sulfur prices have increased recently to $54 per tonne under our second quarter contracts, they are
still well below average 2019 levels.

Mosaic Fertilizantes had a strong first quarter in terms of volumes, gross margin and adjusted EBITDA,
with adjusted EBITDA totaling $68 million compared to $62 million in the first quarter of 2019 despite
the year-over-year finished product pricing trends, reflecting the impact of the company's synergy and
transformation programs.

Similar to the phosphate operation, cash rock cost at Mosaic Fertilizantes improved meaningfully to BRL
312 per tonne, down 9% compared to the fourth quarter of 2019 and below our 2021 target of BRL 320.
In dollar terms, with the weakness in the local currency, cash rock costs were down 16% over the same
period to $70 per tonne. Cash cost of phosphate conversion were up 7% in real from the fourth quarter
due to a shift in production from TSP to higher-cost, higher-margin MAP. However, reported cost in dollar
terms were down 8% over the same period after factoring local currency weakness.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

THE MOSAIC COMPANY FQ1 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2020

We've shown Slide 11 before, and we're making progress toward achieving the $225 million in incremental
EBITDA this year. In the first quarter, Plant City closure costs were $10 million less; potash production
cost, excluding currency benefits, delivered $35 million versus the $70 million to $80 million target; and
Brazil transformation efforts realized $17 million of the $50 million total. For the $80 million benefit, we
expect to see related to dam remediation in Brazil. Recall that those costs did not become material last
year until the second quarter. So we would expect to see those benefits throughout the balance of this
year.

As reflected on Slide 12, consolidated liquidity totaled $2.7 billion at March 31. As previously announced,
we believe the current environment makes holding more cash than normal prudent. So during the quarter,
we accessed both our committed revolver and uncommitted working capital facilities to raise the amount
of cash on the balance sheet. At the end of the quarter, unrestricted cash stood at $1.1 billion with
an additional $1.6 billion available under Mosaic's committed revolver and $50 million to $100 million
available under uncommitted working capital facilities depending on the available borrowing base. The
company's liquidity position improved further in the month of April as cash balances continue to build.

Cash from operations during the first quarter was positive $190 million, a $366 million improvement over
last year as a result of continued management of both cost and working capital. As is normal for Mosaic,
net debt rose during the quarter by $415 million, less than last year. I would also note that during the
quarter, our structured payables balance in Brazil, which is not part of net debt, declined by $241 million.

As we look to the balance of the year, we are expecting up to $170 million in additional cash inflow from
both domestic and international tax refunds in excess of our previous estimates and the unwinding of an
interest rate swap. In fact, we've already received over half of this amount in the second quarter. As we
look to manage our liquidity, we view these kind of cash enhancing steps as constructive and preferable
to other options such as cutting CapEx as it allows the company to remain on target with value-enhancing
projects such as K3 and the Brazil transformation. With that said, we do retain the ability to adjust our
spend profile, should circumstances warrant. As we move forward in the year, we intend to maintain an
elevated cash position. However, should uncertainty around COVID-19 diminish, we would expect to return
some, if not all, of the cash accessed under our lines and return to a more normal liquidity profile.

With that, I'll turn the call back over to you, Joc.

James C. O’Rourke
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Clint. Overall, we believe 2020 and the years ahead hold major promise for Mosaic and our
shareholders. Our products are recognized globally as a priority, fulfilling a critical need for food security.
Potash and phosphate markets are moving into better supply and demand balance with very strong global
demand and limited new supply coming to market. We expect the market strengthening to continue as
we move through 2020 and into 2021. The spring in North America is shaping up to be the best in several
years, and Mosaic is delivering across the organization. Our plants and mines are running efficiently.
We are maintaining our strong financial foundation, and we are reducing costs, all while adapting and
managing the impacts of COVID-19 on our operations, supply chain and customers.

Most importantly, our ultimate market continues to grow. Demand for food will persist, and we will be
there to help the world's farmers meet that demand.
Thank you again for your attention. We wish you all good health.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

THE MOSAIC COMPANY FQ1 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

