Merck & Co., Inc. NYSE:MRK
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, October 27, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.43

1.74

Revenue  (mm)

12213.18

12551.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-22-2020 9:05 PM GMT

21.68

2.77

1.41

5.72

6.26

12728.81

48047.17

51430.55

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.15

1.34

1.09

1.43

1.16

1.50

1.37

1.74

0.87 %

11.94 %

25.69 %

21.68 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

13

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
MERCK & CO., INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Franklin K. Clyburn
Chief Commercial Officer &
Executive VP

Kenneth C. Frazier
Chairman, President & CEO

Michael T. Nally
Chief Marketing Officer & Executive
VP

Peter Dannenbaum
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Robert M. Davis
Executive VP of Global Services &
CFO

Roger M. Perlmutter
President

ANALYSTS

Navin Cyriac Jacob
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Seamus Christopher Fernandez
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Stephen Michael Scala
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Terence C. Flynn
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Christopher Thomas Schott
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Timothy Minton Anderson
Wolfe Research, LLC

David Reed Risinger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Umer Raffat
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Geoffrey Christopher Meacham
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Gregory B. Gilbert
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Mara Goldstein
Mizuho Securities USA LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MERCK & CO., INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning. My name is Lara, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to
welcome everyone to the Merck & Co. Q3 Sales and Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to turn the call over to your host today, Peter Dannenbaum, Vice President, Investor
Relations. Please go ahead.

Peter Dannenbaum
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Lara, and good morning. Welcome to Merck's Third Quarter 2020 Conference Call. Today, I'm
joined by Ken Frazier, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Davis, our Chief Financial Officer; Dr.
Roger Perlmutter, President of Merck Research Labs; Frank Clyburn, our Chief Commercial Officer; Mike
Nally, our Chief Marketing Officer; and Dr. Dean Li, Head of Discovery Research.

Before we get started, I'd like to point out a few items. You will see that we have items in our GAAP
results such as acquisition-related charges, restructuring costs and certain other items, you should note
that we have excluded these from our non-GAAP results and provide a reconciliation in our press release.
We've also provided a table in our press release to help you understand the sales in the quarter for the
business units and products.

I would also like to remind you that some of the statements that we make during today's call may be
considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provision of the U.S. Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are made based on the current belief of Merck's
management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. If our underlying assumptions prove
inaccurate or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the
forward-looking statements.

Our SEC filings, including Item 1A and the 2019 10-K identify certain risk factors and cautionary
statements that could cause the company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any
of our forward-looking statements made this morning. Merck undertakes no obligation to publicly update
any forward-looking statements. Our SEC filings, today's earnings release and an investor presentation
with highlights of our results are all posted on merck.com.

With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Ken.

Kenneth C. Frazier
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Peter. Good morning, and thank you all for joining today's call. I want to start by
acknowledging the extraordinary efforts scientific experts across the biopharmaceutical industry who
are rising to the challenge and working tirelessly to find solutions to help end the pandemic. We remain
confident that science will prevail over COVID-19, and Merck is committed to contributing its scientific
expertise and resources in support of these worldwide efforts.

The momentum in the development of medicines and vaccines to address the pandemic is a testament to
the societal value of our industry's continuing investments in science, and to the women and men who are
working with urgency and dedication to make it happen.

Merck has a special responsibility to apply its expertise given its long and productive history in antiviral
and vaccine research, and we are advancing our vaccine and antiviral programs to focus investment of
effort and resources. We have made significant progress over the last few months across our COVID
program and our learnings reinforce our confidence that the approaches we've selected are among the
most promising.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MERCK & CO., INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

We are moving forward with dispatch and diligence, designing our clinical studies in a manner that, if
successful, will provide physicians and patients confidence that our candidates are safe, effective, simple
to administer and distribute, and capable of being used not just in millions but billions of people.

While we understand the importance of moving expeditiously in light of the pandemic, our experience with
the natural history of other pandemic and epidemic viral diseases counsels us to seek enduring solutions
that can be deployed globally now and for future generations.

It is an exciting time at Merck, and I am encouraged by our scientists' enthusiasm for the innovative
research happening in our lab, not just on the COVID front but across our broad pipeline of promising
medicines and vaccines that we are continuing to invest in.

Our deep pipeline and our team of world-class scientists at Merck Research Lab is a result of the stellar
leadership and many meaningful contributions made by Dr. Roger Perlmutter, who will be stepping down
from his current role at the end of this year. I am grateful for the extraordinary contributions Roger has
made to science, medicine and the health and well-being of people around the world as well as to all of us
here at Merck.

Roger leaves behind a strong legacy of historic breakthroughs in immuno-oncology and many other fields
of medicine that have transformed clinical practice and improved patient outcomes. Under his leadership,
the company has received more than 100 regulatory approvals for its medicines and vaccines globally, and
he has revitalized the future of R&D at Merck.

Dr. Dean Li, currently Senior Vice President of Discovery Sciences and Translational Medicine, has been
appointed to succeed Roger as Head of Merck Research Laboratories effective January 1. And I look
forward to welcoming him to Merck's senior leadership team.

I am confident that Dean's knowledge, energy and experience and his purposeful pursuit of new
technologies and transformational discovery will help Merck sustain the successful execution of our broad
portfolio during this important time, advance our scientific strategy and build on the strong momentum in
our pipeline.

Now moving to our third quarter performance, we continued executing on our strategic priorities while
once again delivering year-over-year growth in revenue despite some ongoing impacts of the pandemic,
and very strong EPS growth. Importantly, we exited the quarter with continuing business momentum.
We are performing at a high level with production, supply and distribution of our medicines, vaccines and
animal health products and clinical trials moving forward with minimal disruption.

The underlying demand for our products remains robust globally, as evidenced by the growth we achieved
in Oncology and Animal Health. We are also encouraged by the recovery we are seeing in vaccine and
those parts of the portfolio most affected by the pandemic's impact on health care delivery.

We are executing well in the marketplace to drive growth across our existing portfolio and in our labs by
advancing our innovative research program. Meaningful new data that we've recently disclosed in several
areas of research, including oncology, vaccine, HIV and others, increases the confidence we have in our
ability to introduce new innovations to the market and sustain strong long-term growth.

And our financial strength, also allows us to execute on our capital allocation priorities, including our
ongoing investments in both internal R&D and external business development, such as the recent oncology
collaborations with Seagen. At the same time, we are advancing our plans to spin-off Organon, which is on
track for completion in the second quarter of 2021.

We remain confident in our decision to create 2 more focused companies devoted to their respective
strengths and portfolios and better positioned to navigate an evolving health care landscape and enhance
value for patients and shareholders. We continue to hire talented and experienced leaders who will help
drive Organon's success as an independent company.

Let me conclude by expressing my confidence in the business and our ability to advance our pipeline
despite the challenges posed by the pandemic. Additionally, I express my sincere gratitude to the frontline

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MERCK & CO., INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

health care workers and our employees who work around the clock to help patients affected by COVID-19.
Their dedication inspires all of us at Merck to remain committed to our mission and relentlessly pursue
innovative science to help prepare for the greatest health threat, both now and in the future.

And with that, I'll now pass the call on to Rob to review the details of our performance and our outlook.

Robert M. Davis
Executive VP of Global Services & CFO

Thanks, Ken, and good morning, everyone. As Ken noted, we continue to be encouraged by the strength
and resiliency of our business as we once again delivered year-over-year growth despite ongoing impacts
from the pandemic.

Merck employees across the organization are continuing their important work, progressing the pipeline
and ensuring patients have access to our portfolio of medically important medicines and vaccines while
contributing to industry-wide efforts to develop solutions to the pandemic.

In the quarter, we saw a strong recovery in our performance and the underlying demand for products
across our key growth pillars, setting us up for a strong close to the year as reflected in our updated
guidance. We continue to execute on our long-term strategy, including our capital allocation priorities.

We are investing behind our deep pipeline, including our COVID candidate, and have been active on the
business development front. Of note this quarter, we successfully entered into strategic collaboration
agreements with Seagen to gain access to 2 oncology assets that further augment our pipeline. We are
committed to investing in our business for the long term, and we will continue to do so in line with our
mission of following the science to solve unmet needs of patients around the world.

Now turning to our third quarter results, total company revenues were $12.6 billion, an increase of 1%
year-over-year or 2% excluding the negative impact from foreign currency. The pandemic negatively
impacted our third quarter human health results by approximately $475 million, mostly in our vaccines
portfolio. There was minimal impact to Animal Health. Our revenue growth, excluding this estimated
impact, would have been approximately 5% or 6% ex exchange.

The remainder of my comments will be focused on the underlying performance of our key growth drivers
and near-term trends and will be on an ex exchange basis.

Our human health revenues increased 2%. In oncology, KEYTRUDA sales grew 21% year-over-year,
reaching $3.7 billion. In the United States, growth in KEYTRUDA usage across all key tumor types
remained strong, and KEYTRUDA continues to be the leader in lung cancer by a widening margin. We
are strengthening our leadership in IO across a broadening array of indications outside of lung cancer,
notably in melanoma, bladder and head and neck cancers, with momentum from launches in renal cell and
endometrial carcinomas.

It's worth noting that indications outside of lung now represent roughly 50% of our sales in the United
States, and will continue to grow over time as we further penetrate these indications and continue to add
new indications going forward. Uptake following the launch of our Q6 weekly adult dosing regimen helped
to offset the impact of reduced new patient starts caused by the pandemic.

Outside of the United States, lung cancer indications remain the driver of KEYTRUDA growth. In the EU,
growth continues to be driven by the uptake of KEYNOTE-189 and KEYNOTE-407 in the first-line setting,
where we continue to see strong penetration. In Japan, the combined impact of the 2 huge seller pricing
adjustments in the first half of the year more than offset underlying volume growth.

LYNPARZA and LENVIMA continue to demonstrate strong growth and remain meaningful contributors
to our broader oncology portfolio, growing 58% and 29%, respectively, year-over-year. LYNPARZA's
performance in the quarter continues to reflect strong growth and leadership in the PARP class in the U.S.
despite increasing competition, with incremental contributions from an expanded indication in ovarian
cancer and early launch uptake in prostate cancer.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MERCK & CO., INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

LENVIMA maintains market leadership in the first-line hepatocellular carcinoma, and the combination with
KEYTRUDA in endometrial carcinoma is now the leading regimen in the metastatic setting in the United
States.

Turning to vaccines, as mentioned, while our vaccines portfolio made a strong recovery from the second
quarter, year-over-year comparisons were negatively impacted by continued below normal levels of
wellness visits, particularly in the United States.

GARDASIL sales declined 10% year-over-year as growth in ex U.S. markets was more than offset by
pandemic-driven impacts in the United States. Volumes in the key back-to-school season were below
normal, particularly among adolescents. Sales were also impacted by delayed public sector purchases.
Ex U.S., growth was driven by continued strong volume in China and the expansion of gender-neutral
vaccination programs in Europe, partially offset by reduced demand in Hong Kong.

PNEUMOVAX delivered 58% growth due to heightened awareness of the importance of protection against
pneumococcal disease amidst the pandemic and heading into the flu season, partially offsetting the
GARDASIL decline.

While our vaccines business, and in particular GARDASIL, is always subject to quarter-over-quarter
variability, the longer-term trends for underlying demand continue to strengthen. We remain confident
in the future growth prospects for GARDASIL due to growing global recognition of its important role in
preventing certain cancers, reinforced by recent data published out of Sweden.

Our hospital performance also improved from second quarter levels. Most notably, the recovery in elective
surgical procedures benefited BRIDION, which grew 13% year-over-year. Our ongoing PREVYMIS launch
also contributed favorably, growing 69%. Our human health business had a standout quarter, achieving
sales of $1.2 billion and delivering 12% growth year-over-year.

Companion animal grew 18% reflecting underlying demand for the BRAVECTO line of products and
strength from our portfolio of companion animal vaccines. Livestock grew 8%, reflecting contributions
across our ruminants, swine and poultry products as well as growth from our technology products. We are
encouraged by the resilience of our Animal Health business, which has outperformed our expectations in
this challenging environment.

Turning to the rest of our P&L, my comments will be on a non-GAAP basis. Gross margin was 74.8% in
the quarter, a decrease of 110 basis points due to a combination of pricing pressure, inventory write-
offs, collaboration, amortization and foreign exchange, offset in part by product mix. Operating expenses
decreased 6% year-over-year to $4.5 billion.

In total, COVID favorably impacted spending by approximately $115 million, driven largely by lower
promotional, selling and administrative costs, along with lower laboratory, travel and meeting expenses,
partially offset by increased spending to advance our COVID-19 antiviral and vaccines research programs.

The significant year-over-year increase in other income was driven by unrealized gains on our security
holdings primarily reflecting our direct and indirect investments in Moderna. The effective tax rate for the
quarter was 14.8% and was driven by a lower assumed full year effective tax rate as a result of favorable
earnings mix.

Taken together, we earned $1.74 per share, an increase of 18%, reflecting strong operational performance
that more than overcame COVID headwinds as well as contributions from our other income.

Now turning to the guidance. Our updated guidance reflects our confidence in the underlying strength of
our business. We now expect revenues of $47.6 billion to $48.6 billion, which reflects an increase of $150
million from our previous midpoint.

Our guidance assumes roughly $2.35 billion of COVID headwind for the year, an increase from our prior
assumption of $1.95 billion. We now assume a negative impact from foreign exchange of roughly 1.5
percentage points using mid-October rates. Overall, our guidance implies 3% to 5% growth in revenues
for the full year, excluding the impact of exchange.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MERCK & CO., INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Excluding the impact of the pandemic, our guidance range implies year-over-year growth of 8% to
10%, reflecting continued strong underlying demand for our products. Broadly, we're encouraged by the
recovery of our business, which has been largely consistent with our original expectations, with GARDASIL
being the primary exception. GARDASIL is trending in the right direction, but the phasing of the recovery
is slower than we anticipated, largely due to the impact of the pandemic on the back-to-school season,
particularly in the United States.

We are also seeing some residual negative impacts of the pandemic extend into the fourth quarter in some
parts of the world, primarily in Europe and certain emerging markets. Most importantly, our operational
performance remains strong and has enabled us to offset the impact from the pandemic.

As we end the year and head into 2021, our confidence is further reinforced by the ability of the health
care systems around the world to adapt and deliver care and by the value of our medically important
products delivery to patients. As a result, we continue to believe in our long-term growth prospects which
remain underestimated by The Street.

We continue to expect gross margin to be roughly 75%. Operating expenses are now expected to decline
at a low single-digit rate year-over-year driven by reduced spending due to the pandemic and strong
expense management. We now expect our full year tax rate to be 15.5% reflecting improved earnings
mix.

We now expect other income of roughly $750 million, reflecting higher income from investments in equity
securities. We continue to anticipate 2.54 billion shares outstanding. Taken together, we now expect
our non-GAAP EPS to be between $5.91 to $6.01, which reflects an increase of $0.25 from our previous
midpoint. This range includes a negative impact from foreign exchange of roughly 2.5 percentage points.

Our results continue to benefit from an improved tax rate and higher other income due to gains from our
equity holdings. That said, our operational strength continues to drive leverage in the P&L through robust
revenue growth and expense management, allowing for meaningful investments in our pipeline, while at
the same time delivering margin expansion.

We continue to make progress on our strategy to evolve our operating model in order to drive efficiency
and productivity throughout the organization. This is occurring through process improvements and the
leveraging of new digital capabilities, which have become increasingly important as we find new ways to
engage with patients and physicians in this pandemic.

Our balance sheet remains strong, and we are well positioned to execute on our capital allocation
priorities. Fully investing in our key growth drivers and pipeline remains our top priority, and we are
committed to growing the dividend and to driving value-enhancing business development that will help
position Merck for long-term success.

To conclude, the swift recovery we experienced in the third quarter serves as an indicator of the true value
our products provide to patients around the world and our ability to execute. We remain confident in the
fundamental strength of our business and the significant runway for growth that our derisked portfolio of
assets provides.

Further, the spinoff of Organon in the second quarter will enable it to realize the growth potential of its
portfolio of medically important products and will allow us to focus our attention and investments more
fully on our key growth drivers and robust pipeline to deliver innovative medicines and vaccines to patients
around the world now and long into the future.

Before I close, I'd like to also personally thank Roger for his many contributions to Merck, which will
benefit our company and the patients we serve for many years to come. It's been a pleasure working
alongside you and learning from you.

With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Roger.

Roger M. Perlmutter
President

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MERCK & CO., INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Thank you very much, Rob. During the third quarter, our laboratories made important advances on many
fronts, including regulatory approvals, filing of new drug applications, obtaining meaningful new clinical
data, advancing new product opportunities into development and forging new R&D alliances. Our press
release tabulates many of these accomplishments, but cannot convey the rapid pace at which these
programs are advancing.

As an example, during the third quarter, the United States Food and Drug Administration approved an
expanded label for KEYTRUDA in the setting of relapsed or refractory classical Hodgkin lymphoma based
on our KEYNOTE-204 study that compared KEYTRUDA monotherapy to treatment with brentuximab
vedotin, a standard therapy. But note that approval of this indication was received just 3 months after
acceptance of the file, a reflection of the high-quality of the underlying work by our clinical development
and regulatory colleagues.

KEYTRUDA is also under review for the first-line treatment in combination with chemotherapy of previously
untreated locally recurrent inoperable or metastatic triple-negative breast cancer with tumors expressing
PD-L1, with a combined proportion score of 10 or greater, based on the results of our KEYNOTE-355
study with a PDUFA date of November 28; and also for the neoadjuvant and adjuvant treatment of triple-
negative breast cancer, based on the results of our KEYNOTE-522 study with a PDUFA date of March 29,
2021. Results from these studies have been previously presented.

In Europe, the Committee for Medicinal Products for Humans Use, or CHMP, adopted positive
recommendations for LYNPARZA as monotherapy in the treatment of patients with metastatic BRCA-
mutant, castrate-resistant prostate cancer who have progressed following treatment with the modern
androgen blocking agent. LYNPARZA also received a favorable opinion for the first-line maintenance
treatment in combination with bevacizumab of advanced homologous recombination deficient ovarian
cancer based on the results of the PAOLA-1 Phase III study.

Meanwhile, in Japan, we obtained approval for KEYTRUDA in the second-line treatment of PD-L1 positive
esophageal cancer based on data from our KEYNOTE-181 study. We also received approval in Japan for
the 400-milligram every 6 weeks regimen for KEYTRUDA across all adult indications, an approach already
adopted in Europe and in the United States.

I mentioned each of these approvals because they document the continued progress of our broad-based
registration programs for KEYTRUDA and for our partnership with AstraZeneca on LYNPARZA, which is
conducted around the world despite the challenges imposed by the COVID-19 pandemic.

At the European Society for Medical Oncology meetings in early September, we highlighted long-term data
demonstrating the durable impact of KEYTRUDA in the treatment of malignant disease. For example, data
from our KEYNOTE-024 study in the first-line treatment of non-small cell lung cancer in patients whose
tumors expressed PD-L1 on at least 50% of tumor cells, showed that after 5 years, overall survival nearly
doubled in the KEYTRUDA treated group as compared with those who received traditional chemotherapy.
This despite a high rate of crossover to KEYTRUDA in the chemotherapy arm.

Similarly, a combination of chemotherapy plus KEYTRUDA as compared with chemotherapy alone
meaningfully improved overall survival at 4 years in squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck,
especially in those whose tumors had combine proportion scores for PD-L1 expression of greater than 1
based on our KEYNOTE-048 study.

And in the adjuvant treatment of melanoma following surgical resection, long-term data showed a 40%
reduction in the risk of distant metastases in the KEYTRUDA-treated population as opposed to those who
do not receive adjuvant therapy. Together, these data speak to the durable improvement in outcomes, the
[ tens ] of the use of KEYTRUDA in otherwise difficult-to-manage malignancies.

At ESMO 2020, we also presented data regarding potential new cancer therapies, including vibostolimab,
our anti-TIGIT antibody, which we hope may improve treatment responses when combined with
KEYTRUDA in non-small cell lung cancer patients whose tumors express low levels of PD-L1, including in
patients who have progressed on prior checkpoint inhibitor therapy. Vibostolimab is 1 of 3 new agents that

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MERCK & CO., INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

we have prioritized for combined therapy with KEYTRUDA, and we will advance this agent to pivotal trials
in 2021.

We also presented data for MK-4830, an ILT4 antibody, that acts to block immunosuppression imposed
by elements of the tumor microenvironment. MK-4830 showed promising activity in multiple tumor
types, including in patients whose tumors had progressed on PD-1 therapy. Ongoing expansion cohorts
will explore the activity of MK-4830 in pancreatic adenocarcinoma, glioblastoma, head and neck cancer,
advanced non-small cell lung cancer and gastric cancer.

More recently at the North America Conference on Lung Cancer, we presented data on the combination
of quavonlimab, and our novel CTLA-4 directed therapy at a dose of 25 milligrams every 6 weeks in
combination with KEYTRUDA in the first-line treatment of non-small cell lung cancer. Data obtained after
16.9 months of median follow-up showed an overall response rate of 37.5% and a median overall survival
of 18.1 months. Importantly, the median duration of response in the responding population was not
reached. A registration-enabling study testing quavonlimab co-formulated with KEYTRUDA is planned for
2021.

The third quarter gave us the opportunity to advance many other new drug candidates in a variety of
other therapeutic areas. For example, we presented additional data on the activity of MK-6482, our HIF-2
alpha inhibitor, through the treatment of von Hippel-Lindau disease, documenting shrinkage of tumors
with MK-6482 therapy in the kidney, where the overall response rate including only confirmed responses
was 36.1%.

For pancreatic lesions in this disease, the confirmed overall response rate was 63.9%. And
hemangioblastomas of the central nervous system, the confirmed overall response rate was 30.2%. These
are meaningful responses especially since current therapy for von Hippel-Lindau disease requires surgical
excavation of tumors, often involving dozens of procedures extending over many years.

In the infectious disease area, we continue to advance islatravir, our novel non-nucleosidal reverse
transcriptase translocation inhibitor for daily administration in combination with PIFELTRO. Phase IIb 96
week data presented at the HIV Glasgow meeting, demonstrated sustained viral suppression in treatment-
naive patients which augurs well for the future of this regimen. Phase III studies will begin in February of
this year -- I'm sorry, began in February of this year.

We also advanced MK-8507, a new long-acting non-nucleosidal reverse transcriptase inhibitor, which we
believe will partner well islatravir in extended dose regimens.

Meanwhile, we announced positive immunogenicity results for 4 additional Phase III studies of V114,
our 15-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine when dosed in adults. These data helped to complete the
entire set of adult registration studies which will be filed before the end of the year.

Finally, during the third quarter, we made substantial progress in our COVID-19-directed programs.
Turning first to molnupiravir, formerly known as MK-4482, which is a direct-acting, orally available antiviral
drug that we're developing in partnership with Ridgeback Biotherapeutics. Phase I studies completed
during the first quarter provided evidence that the compound is well tolerated as monotherapy in single
doses as high as 1.6 grams and in multiple doses of 800 milligrams twice a day for 5 days.

We believe that the concentration of the active moiety that were achieved should be more than sufficient
to terminate virus production. Three relatively small Phase II dose escalation studies evaluating the
antiviral effective molnupiravir in COVID-19 patients were initiated by our colleagues at Ridgeback, and
data from these studies will soon become available.

Meanwhile, we have initiated 2 large, global Phase II/III studies, one in hospitalized patients and the
second in outpatients. Together, these studies will enroll more than 2,700 patients and will examine clinical
outcomes, including both efficacy and safety. Based on its mechanism of action, we are hopeful that
this new therapy, which is administered orally in capsule form, will meaningfully reduce morbidity and
mortality in COVID-19 patients.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MERCK & CO., INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Along with this progress in clinical development, we have secured resources to produce millions of doses
of molnupiravir before the end of 2020 with an even greater supply becoming available early in 2021.

It should be mentioned that in preclinical studies, molnupiravir is active against numerous coronavirus
species, including those responsible for SARS and MERS as well as a wide variety of RNA viruses, including
the influenza virus. And so molnupiravir could prove to be a useful antiviral agent in a variety of settings.

Our COVID-19 directed vaccine candidates were also advanced into clinical trials during the third quarter.
As Ken mentioned, in developing a vaccine against COVID-19, we have pursued proven platforms,
focusing in particular on replicating virus vectors that could provide durable protection following a single
administration.

Our first vaccine candidate, developed in partnership with the Institut Pasteur in Paris, employs a modified
measles virus vaccine that has been engineered to express the major surface protein, SARS-CoV-2. During
the third quarter, this vaccine candidate, V591, was advanced into 2 Phase I clinical studies involving
nearly 300 healthy volunteers. The V591 Phase I studies have enrolled well such that immunogenicity data
should become available before the end of the year.

A second vaccine candidate, V590, developed in collaboration with the International AIDS Vaccine
Initiative, or IAVI, make use of a vesicular stomatitis virus vector, which is the same vector system that
we use to develop ERVEBO, the first successful vaccine for the prevention of Ebola virus disease. The
Phase I program for V590 is proceeding in much the same fashion as that for V591, albeit offset by
several weeks.

Here, again, we are optimistic that the candidate vaccine will elicit durable immune responses to the
SARS-CoV-2 spike protein following a single dose, and that it will be safe and well tolerated.

For both V590 and V591, we are developing facilities that will enable us to produce many millions of
vaccine doses in the near term and hundreds of millions of doses should those be required in the longer
term. Our expectation is that these vaccines will be made available in a format that permits global
distribution with appropriate cold chain management ideally at refrigerated temperatures.

Our prior experience in developing vaccines against many other viral diseases gives us some confidence
that we will succeed in producing an effective agent for prophylaxis against COVID-19. In this context, I
would call your attention to new data from a study published in the New England Journal of Medicine at
the beginning of October that may use of Swedish demographic and health registries which capture health
data on the entire population of Sweden.

The study included 1.67 million girls and women, 10 to 30 years of age, evaluated during the period 2006
to 2017. In that group, after adjustment for all covariance, there was an 88% reduction in the risk of
cervical cancer as a result of immunization with GARDASIL before the age of 17.

These new data offer hope for the potential eradication of this disease, which according to the World
Health Organization, claims the lives of more than 300,000 women each year. The new Swedish study
adds further impetus to our efforts to extend production of GARDASIL 9 with the goal of producing
enough of this vaccine, about 200 million doses per year, to permit girls and boys around the world to be
successfully vaccinated.

Finally, I wish to express my gratitude to my colleagues throughout Merck and especially to those in the
Merck Research Laboratories, with whom I have worked on and off since 1996. It's been my privilege to
join you in translating breakthrough research into medicines that improve and extend lives.

Your success in developing new vaccines, like GARDASIL 9, novel antibiotics, new antiviral drugs, new
drugs that battle cancer, drugs that improve outcomes in heart failure and others that offer hope for those
suffering from metabolic diseases and chronic debilitating syndromes, your success has not only improved
and extended lives, but has inspired the world.

As I plan to assume an advisory role at Merck, I'm confident that Dean Li, who will succeed me as
President, is well prepared to lead MRL to even greater achievements. We have orchestrated an orderly

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MERCK & CO., INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

transition in leadership. Pledging to ensure, in the words of George W. Merck, that human life will earn still
greater freedom from suffering and disease.

I'll now turn the call over to Peter.

Peter Dannenbaum
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Roger.
Lara, if you could assemble the queue for questions, please. And I'd like to ask the analysts today to limit
themselves to one question. We're going to try to end right at 9 because I know there's other calls that
you're looking to get on.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MERCK & CO., INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We have your first question coming from the line of Steve Scala from Cowen.

Stephen Michael Scala
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Ken, Merck has profoundly transformed under your leadership. In the wake of Dr. Perlmutter's retirement,
I wanted to note that, I believe 2 years ago, Ken, you agreed to stay on beyond 2019? May I ask whether
or not you will stay on as CEO of Merck beyond 2021 to see this further transformation that the company
is undertaking?

Kenneth C. Frazier
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Steve. The Board will continue to evaluate the timing of CEO succession. Right now, there's
no specified time frame for CEO retirement. What I will say is that I am confident that we have internally
strong candidates to take this job. And I look forward to working with the Board to actively review our
leadership and succession planning, and to ensure that we have an orderly transfer when the Board deems
it appropriate.

Operator

Your next question will come from the line of David Risinger from Morgan Stanley.

David Reed Risinger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So I wanted to say congratulations to you, Roger, and thank you for all of your contributions, including
transforming cancer treatment for patients worldwide. And your contributions will be missed. So my
question is with respect to the Phase II oral antiviral data from Ridgeback. Could you provide some more
color on how you expect that data to be communicated and what you would focus us on?

Roger M. Perlmutter
President

Thanks very much, David. Yes, the Phase II studies carried on in the United States and the U.K. are
relatively small studies that are focusing on neurological endpoints, that is understanding reductions in
viral load and reductions in virus infectivity from patient samples. So these data, I'm hopeful that as the
studies complete enrollment, and they are dose escalation studies, that these studies will provide data
over the next couple of months.

And as -- once those data are looked at and there's enough data that have occurred, then presumably
we would provide a top line statement about those data. But of course, the full scientific results will be
published shortly thereafter. We'll certainly move expeditiously because, of course, we know the world is
very interested in this as we are ourselves.

Operator

Your next question will come from the line of Tim Anderson from Wolfe Research.

Timothy Minton Anderson
Wolfe Research, LLC

I have a question on KEYTRUDA and adjuvant. Previously, Astra announced a delay in the readout of their
adjuvant lung trial because of the ADAURA results that necessitated a design adjustment for EGFR-positive
patients on Tagrisso, and I'm guessing that's going to impact other companies, adjuvant lung trials as

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MERCK & CO., INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

well. Can you comment on the timing of us seeing your first lung adjuvant readouts? And more broadly in
the adjuvant, what's the timing of the next adjuvant readout for you?

Roger M. Perlmutter
President

Right. So…

Peter Dannenbaum
Vice President of Investor Relations

I think that's a question for you.

Roger M. Perlmutter
President

I'm sorry?

Peter Dannenbaum
Vice President of Investor Relations

Yes. Go ahead, Roger, please.

Roger M. Perlmutter
President

Yes. So our adjuvant studies in non-small cell lung cancer are proceeding as planned. We are not, at the
moment, undertaking any reevaluation of those studies. Again, it's difficult to comment on exactly when
the studies will read out because, of course, we're [ accruing ] events. But we are anticipating that the
first of an adjuvant lung study will be available some time later next year. And that's our hope, but time
will tell.

Operator

Your next question will come from the line of Chris Schott from JPMorgan.

Christopher Thomas Schott
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Roger, best of luck with everything and congrats on all the success over the years. My question was on
GARDASIL in the U.S. What do you think it's going to take to normalize results here? I guess my question
is do we need to wait until we get another back-to-school season for this to normalize? Or do you think
the trends can start to get back to normal even in a COVID environment like we're operating today?

And I guess when things normalize, should we think about there being some sort of catch-up bolus for
the patients who missed their vaccination this year? Or is this going to go back to just kind of a normal
cadence of what we've historically seen with that vaccine?

Peter Dannenbaum
Vice President of Investor Relations

Frank?

Franklin K. Clyburn
Chief Commercial Officer & Executive VP

Yes. This is Frank. With regard to GARDASIL in the U.S., I think I'll take the second part of your question
first with regards to the catch-up. Our hope is that we will see some catch-up over time, in particular as
we put more commercial efforts, making sure that the adolescent cohort, in particular, are well aware of
the importance of getting vaccinated with GARDASIL. So that is our plan.

With regards to looking at the timing, I think back-to-school as you head into '21 will be an important
time frame. Just to give you some additional color on what's happening in the U.S. Well visits were down
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MERCK & CO., INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

in the adolescent cohort, about 30% compared to 3-year historical averages. As Rob mentioned, we are
seeing a more positive trend, although not what we expected. So we'll have to see here over the next
several quarters how things evolve. But we're still very confident in GARDASIL growth in the U.S. as well
as globally.

To Roger's point, the Sweden data is very important data, which I think reinforces the importance of the
chance to prevent cervical cancer for girls and boys around the world. We also saw significant growth
continue in China as well as Germany and many of our ex U.S. markets. So I would say we're going to
look over, obviously, the next couple of quarters. But our confidence in GARDASIL both mid and long term
is still very strong. We still feel very strong about the overall demand prospects for the product.

Operator

Your next question will come from the line of Mara Goldstein from Mizuho Securities.

Mara Goldstein
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

I just wanted to ask on the COVID vaccine program. Maybe if you could just discuss the clinical program in
the context of the pending readouts from other vaccines and contingency plans to make sure that you're
able to fully enroll those trials on a timely basis?

Roger M. Perlmutter
President

Right, thanks, Mara. The -- of course, it's very difficult to speculate on what the results of other studies
will be. Like everyone else, we're hopeful that there will be many vaccines that yield positive readouts in
terms of reduction in morbidity and ideally mortality associated with COVID-19 infection. Time will tell.

But in reality, we'll be sitting at the end of the year with what we hope will be quite strong single dose
of immunogenicity data, and we have well-designed Phase II/III protocols that we can begin at that
point. Those are global protocols. And my expectation -- unfortunately, given the very large impact of
the pandemic, my expectation is that it would not be difficult to enroll those studies in a relatively short
period of time, just as has happened for the other studies that have been conducted using, for example,
the mRNA vaccines or the adenovirus vaccines.

So I'm not sure that there's anything there to respond to, except that we're eager to see the data just as
everyone else is, and we hope very much that there will be efficacy and a good safety profile.

Operator

Our next question will come from the line of Umer Raffat from Evercore.

Umer Raffat
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Roger, I noticed for the COVID antiviral, there was a dedicated Phase I/Phase II trial, evaluating viral
clearance. However, heading into the 2 Phase IIIs we're seeing online, it doesn't look like a viral clearance
is a primary endpoint or even a secondary endpoint, at least not on clin trials. I also noted you mentioned
good safety. So just wanted to understand, are you expecting a viral clearance benefit? And how do you
see the efficacy look different or similar relative to what we've seen in remdesivir so far?

Roger M. Perlmutter
President

Right. Thanks very much for the question. To be honest, I am expecting to see viral clearance improve,
and that's based on a whole variety of inputs and the fundamental mechanism of the drug. I do think that
in terms of reduction of viral burden, that it is very likely that molnupiravir will be superior to remdesivir
based on preclinical studies. Of course, that has to be demonstrated in the clinic. But we will have quite
a lot of Phase II virologic data based on the Ridgeback studies, which of course we're intimately involved
with the dose escalation studies.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MERCK & CO., INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

From a surgeon perspective, ab initio, this is a virally mediated disease. If you get read of the virus, you
should get rid of the disease. The question is can you get in early enough and is the effect strong enough.
The good news is that this is an orally administered drug. It could, in principle, be given to individuals who
either are asymptomatic or who have been in contact with virally infected people. But in order to broaden
the use, we need to understand, both preclinically and clinically, that the drug is safe to administer to
people who are otherwise healthy and just at risk.

So when we speak about safety, that's really what we're concerned about, and we're waiting for additional
data for more subjects who have been treated with the drug. The drug has been used, it's in a 5-day
regimen. And across now several hundred people, it seems to be extremely well tolerated. We're not
aware of any safety signals at all with the drug right at the moment. And so we'll just wait and see. I
mean that's the important information that we need to have.

Operator

Next question will come from the line of Greg Gilbert from Truist.

Gregory B. Gilbert
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

And best of luck to Roger and Dean for what's next. I have a question on V114, sort of maybe an R&D
and a marketing question. Other than any timing advantages you might have versus Pfizer, particularly
on the pediatric side, how do you envision having a meaningful share of this market over time if Pfizer
successfully develops its 20-valent product? Investors tend to view this is a winner-take-all type of
market. I think you've made some comments to the contrary. Maybe you can put some more details on
how that could be achieved.

Peter Dannenbaum
Vice President of Investor Relations

Mike Nally.

Michael T. Nally
Chief Marketing Officer & Executive VP

So thank you for the question. When we look at the market, the first and foremost area that we're looking
at is making sure that we actually confirm protection across the 13 shared serotypes PCV13. And I think
what we've been able to demonstrate in the Phase II results that you've seen in the pediatric population is
that you see a robust immunoresponse across those 13 shared serotypes. And that's after dose 3, which I
think is also an important factor because the primary series completion is really an important time point.

When you think about what's next then, it's about how do we add to those 13 shared serotypes. And for
our program, we've been able to show a robust immunoresponse on 22F and 33F as well as a really robust
response on serotype 3, which is a key contributing factor to residual disease. And so I think when we
look at the real effort on V114, it's always been about making sure that we provide the relevant level of
protection in the core serotypes, but then add other serotypes to it. I think the question on the first year
of life will be an important one as well, and we're looking forward to seeing more data from -- both our
program as well as Pfizer's program.

Operator

Your next question will come from the line of Navin Jacob from UBS.

Navin Cyriac Jacob
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

My congrats as well to Roger. Roger, wondering if you think it's feasible for a COVID vaccine, and
specifically yours, but also just generally to achieve sterilizing immunity. Obviously, the focus of most
of the trials currently are -- is reduction in symptoms. But given the discussion around herd immunity

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MERCK & CO., INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

and the importance of herd immunity for opening the economy fully back open, what does that mean if
vaccines aren't able to achieve a significant amount of reduction in infection?

Roger M. Perlmutter
President

All right. Okay. Thanks for the question. I think first and foremost, of course, what we want out of a
vaccine is to prevent clinical disease. I don't think any of us would care that much if people were infected
but didn't develop any disease, if we'd guarantee that, that would always be the case. Of course, provided
that enough people can be immunized. I think sterilizing immunity will be difficult just in the nature of
things. These respiratory infections, it is difficult to prevent any viral colonization. That will be challenging.

But frankly, we are still in the early phases of understanding COVID-19 and SARS-CoV-2, the causative
agent. So we really don't understand a lot about the viral dynamics here, the state of the immune
response in the natural infection setting and the durability of that immunity, either from natural infection
or what we hope we'll see after immunization. There's a lot yet that we need to study. It is clear that
at least in rare circumstances, individuals who have been infected and cleared the infection can be
reinfected. And that should be a cautionary note for all of us.

Over time, this could evolve in a fashion that readministration of a vaccine is required in order to prevent
recrudescence of disease after exposure to the virus, or it may be the case that we're able to control
it with a single administration, which is, of course, what we hope for. I just think we don't have that
information right now, and we'll learn a great deal over the next few months as additional data become
available.

Operator

Your next question will come from the line of Geoff Meacham from Bank of America.

Geoffrey Christopher Meacham
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Roger, congrats on the retirement. It's been great working with you both at Merck and in your time at
Amgen. Question on molnupiravir. Just wanted to see if you can give any more details from the Phase I,
such as common AEs or SAEs. And given that it's an oral, it does seem ideally suited for newly infected but
mild patients. I want to get your perspective on that.

Roger M. Perlmutter
President

Right, Geoff, thanks very much. Yes, molnupiravir from the, again, small number of subjects who have
received the drug in Phase I studies and now in Phase II studies, it seems to be extremely well tolerated in
a 5-day course BID doses that are well above what we believe is required to suppress viral replication. Or
actually result in an error catastrophe and essentially the elimination of the virus. So all of that looks quite
good.

As you say, because it's an orally administered drug, in principle, I mean, all of the things being equal, it
could be administered even prophylactically in individuals at high risk. At the moment, we are waiting for
additional data because I'd point out that the drug is Ames positive in the bacterial mutagenesis assay.
And although the drug did not score in eukaryotic micronucleus assays, and there are other reasons
to believe that, that won't be a problem unless we're performing a whole variety of studies to explore
immunogenicity.

Assuming that those studies are negative, then I think we could think much more broadly about
prophylactic administration. At the moment, we're thinking mainly about the place where benefit risk is
clearly the strongest. And that is in individuals who are infected, particularly asymptomatic individuals,
early in the course of the disease, an ideal place for an orally administered drug to attenuate the effects of
that infection.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MERCK & CO., INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Your next question will come from the line of Terence Flynn from Goldman Sachs.

Terence C. Flynn
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Best of luck, Roger. Thank you for everything you've done for the field. You guys are advancing a co-
formulation of KEYTRUDA and your CTLA-4 into Phase III for lung cancer. Just wondering how broad your
co-formulation strategy is. And if it's also possible, you could co formulate KEYTRUDA with your anti-TIGIT.

Roger M. Perlmutter
President

Right. Well, the reality is we've been working on checkpoint inhibitors for a long time now as with many
others. And KEYTRUDA, in particular, PD-1 directed therapies more generally have very dramatic effects or
are easy to see. We hope to find something that would be even better than KEYTRUDA, but neither we nor
anyone else has found such a thing.

We are pleased that our agents have activity when administered by themselves, but the activity is modest.
It's not KEYTRUDA-like activity. And where we see the greatest effect is in combination with KEYTRUDA,
so it makes sense that these things should be administered with KEYTRUDA. That's the place where you're
going to see the biggest benefit. And where co-formulation is possible, that's kind of the ideal, that's what
we would do, because then with a single administration you get both drugs, assuming that you don't add a
substantial safety burden.

So we've conducted our studies and looking at those kinds of questions. Clearly, for our CTLA-4 directed
therapy, the -- that makes a lot of sense. But it makes a lot of sense for all of the agents that we're
looking at. And we are looking both at the physical compatibility for co-formulation and, as well, whether
that makes sense from a clinical perspective. Where it does, it's kind of the right thing to do for patients.

Operator

Your next question will come from the line of Seamus Fernandez from Guggenheim Securities.

Seamus Christopher Fernandez
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Roger, best of luck, and it's been great working for you over the last many years. I wanted to ask a
commercial question. We're starting to see a lot of promotional efforts by other pharmaceutical companies
to kind of drive a return to growth and a return to physicians' offices as it relates to primary care visits
and obviously impacting diagnosis of disease. Just wondering what Merck is doing on the commercial side
and believe is necessary to really kind of get us back on the right track in 2021. How much of that are you
seeing in your business? And what are you doing to drive growth in '21?

Franklin K. Clyburn
Chief Commercial Officer & Executive VP

Yes, Seamus, this is Frank. I think it's really important and we're putting a lot of efforts. As you can
imagine, a lot of those activities right now are still virtually being done, especially in certain markets
around the world. But if you look at what we're doing, in particular in the vaccine area, I think you maybe
have seen some of our non-branded commercial activities to raise awareness about the importance of HPV
vaccination. You can see that we are continuing to put a lot of effort behind KEYTRUDA with health care
professionals as well as with our consumer campaigns and activities.

And we also are, in many markets around the world, continuing to engage in educational programs to
make sure that physicians are well aware of a lot of the new data that you heard Roger speak about here
this morning. So we have significant efforts around the world, and that's why we're confident in our overall
growth profile as we look towards not only the rest of this year as we head into 2021.

Peter Dannenbaum
Vice President of Investor Relations

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

MERCK & CO., INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Thank you, Seamus, and thank you all for limiting yourselves to one question. Great questions. I'd like to
turn it over to Ken for closing comments.

Kenneth C. Frazier
Chairman, President & CEO

Thanks, Peter. As you've heard, we remain extremely confident in our strategy and we're highly motivated
by the opportunities before us. We believe our ongoing scientific leadership, promising pipeline, upcoming
launches and track record of solid commercial execution will drive long-term growth. We remain
committed to bringing our mission to life by sharpening our focus on R&D and being at the forefront
of life-saving research that will be essential to solving for this pandemic as well as other health care
challenges.

So thank you for joining us today. I hope that you and your families stay safe and healthy.

Operator
Thank you so much, presenters. And again, thank you, everyone, for participating. This concludes today's
conference. You may now disconnect. Stay safe, and have a lovely day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

MERCK & CO., INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

