Marathon Oil Corporation NYSE:MRO
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, November 04, 2021 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.31

0.39

Revenue  (mm)

1308.14

1453.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-04-2021 10:08 AM GMT

25.81

11.07

0.48

1.17

1.75

1461.06

4982.63

5454.02

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

CONSENSUS

(0.20)

0.12

0.18

0.31

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

ACTUAL

(0.12)

0.21

0.22

0.39

SURPRISE

NM

75.00 %

22.22 %

25.81 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Dane E. Whitehead
Executive VP & CFO

Guy Allen Baber
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

Michael A. Henderson
Executive Vice President of
Operations

Patrick J. Wagner
Executive Vice President of
Corporate Development & Strategy

ANALYSTS

Arun Jayaram
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

Jeanine Wai
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Neal David Dingmann
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Scott Andrew Gruber
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Scott Michael Hanold
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to the Marathon Oil Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My name is Cheryl, and I will be
your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions]

Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Guy Baber, Vice
President, Investor Relations. You can begin, sir.

Guy Allen Baber
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Cheryl, and thank you as well to everyone for joining us this morning on the call. Yesterday,
after the close, we issued a press release, a slide presentation and an investor packet that address our
third quarter 2021 results. These documents can be found on our website at marathonoil.com.

Joining me on today's call are Lee Tillman, our Chairman, President and CEO; Dane Whitehead, Executive
VP and CFO; Pat Wagner, Executive VP of Corporate Development and Strategy; and Mike Henderson,
Executive VP of Operations.

As always, today's call will contain forward-looking statements subject to risks and uncertainties that could
cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. I'll refer
everyone to the cautionary language included in the press release and presentation materials as well as to
the risk factors described in our SEC filings.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Lee, who will provide his opening remarks. We'll also hear from Mike,
Dane and Pat before we get to our question-and-answer session. Lee?

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Guy, and good morning to everyone listening to our call today. I want to start by once
again thanking our employees and contractors for their continued dedication and hard work for their
commitment to safety and environmental excellence and for their contributions to another quarter of
outstanding execution and financial delivery. While I get the privilege of talking about our company's
impressive results and outlook today, it is their hard work that makes all of this possible.

Through our commitment to capital discipline and our differentiated execution, we are successfully
delivering outsized financial outcomes for our shareholders, highlighted by more than $1.3 billion of free
cash flow year-to-date.

For our $1 billion full year 2021 capital budget, at forward curve commodity pricing, we now expect to
generate well over $2 billion of free cash flow this year, at a reinvestment rate below 35% and a free cash
flow breakeven below $35 per barrel WTI.

We are successfully delivering on all of our financial and operational objectives and achieving bottom line
results that we will put head-to-head against any other energy company and against any other sector in
the S&P 500. This strong financial performance has enabled us to pull forward our balance sheet targets.
And this further improvement to our already investment-grade balance sheet has given us the confidence
to dramatically accelerate the return of capital to equity holders.

Under our unique return of capital framework, our shareholders get the first call on cash flow, a minimum
of 40% of our total cash flow from operations in the current price environment. Consistent with our
commitment to shareholder returns and our objective to pay a competitive and sustainable base dividend,
we have raised our base dividend by 20% this quarter.

This is the third quarter in a row that we have increased our base dividend, representing a cumulative
100% increase since the end of 2020, a sign of the increased confidence we have in our business. We are

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

also targeting approximately $500 million of share repurchases during the fourth quarter with $200 million
already executed. At a free cash flow yield north of 20%, we believe our equity offers tremendous value.
Additionally, there remains a dislocation between our equity and strengthening commodity prices coupled
with a more mature business model that underwrites repurchases through the cycle.

Further, buying back our stock for good value provides the added potential of significantly reducing our
share count, meaningfully improving all of our per-share metrics even under a maintenance scenario and
increasing our longer-term capacity for continued per share base dividend increase.

Looking ahead to fourth quarter, including our base dividend and planned share repurchases, we expect
to return approximately 50% of our total cash flow from operations to equity holders, fully consistent with
our return of capital framework that prioritizes the shareholder first.

Our financial flexibility and the power of our portfolio in the current commodity price environment provided
the confidence for our Board to also increase our total share repurchase authorization to $2.5 billion, to
ensure we can continue executing on our return of capital plans as we progress through 2022.

And perhaps most importantly, everything that we are doing is sustainable, backed by our 5-year
benchmark maintenance scenario and our ongoing pursuit of ESG excellence through top quartile safety
performance, significant reductions to our GHG intensity and best-in-class corporate governance.

With that brief overview, I will turn it over to Mike Henderson, our Executive VP of Operations, who will
provide an update on our execution relative to our 2021 business plan.

Michael A. Henderson
Executive Vice President of Operations

Thanks, Lee. Third quarter operations were again solid, demonstrating that we remain on track to achieve
or outperform all of the key 2021 financial, operational and ESG-related objectives that we established at
the beginning of the year.

First and foremost, our consistent execution is translating to outsized financial outcomes, highlighted
by over $2 billion of expected free cash flow, with a material sequential increase expected in the fourth
quarter, a full year 2021, reinvestment rate below 35% and full year corporate free cash flow breakeven
$35 per barrel WTI.

Our gas capture during third quarter also exceeded 99%, as we continue to reduce our GHG emissions
intensity. There is no change to our $1 billion full year 2021 capital budget. Raising our spending levels
this year has never been a consideration, consistent with our commitment to capital discipline.

There is also no change to the midpoint of our full year total company oil or total company oil equivalent
production guidance. We're also raising our full year 2021 EG equity method income guidance for the
second consecutive quarter to a new range of $235 million to $255 million due to stronger commodity
prices. This is a 30% increase from the guidance we provided last quarter and a 120% increase relative to
our initial guidance at the beginning of the year.

Our full year production and EG equity method income guidance truly contemplate an unplanned outage
we experienced in EG late in the third quarter.

Looking ahead to fourth quarter, we expect to finish the year strong with our total company oil production
increasing to between 176,000 and 180,000 barrels of oil per day in comparison to 168,000 barrels of
oil per day during the third quarter. Our quarterly production volumes are all subject to some normal
variability associated with well timing. But this more significant sequential increase is due largely to
deferred Bakken production associated with third-party midstream outages, strongly well performance and
solid base production management.

We also expect our fourth quarter total company oil equivalent production to be similar to the third quarter
at 345,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, with a sequential increase in the U.S. offsetting a sequential
decrease in Equatorial Guinea associated with the previously referenced outage.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

I will now turn it over to Dane Whitehead, EVP and CFO, and who will discuss how our strong operations
are contributing to an improved balance sheet and an acceleration in return of capital to equity holders.

Dane E. Whitehead
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Mike. As I noted last quarter, our financial priorities are clear and unchanged, generate strong
corporate returns with significant sustainable free cash flow, all prove our already investment-grade
balance sheet and return significant capital to shareholders.

Early in the third quarter, we retired $900 million in debt, bringing total 2021 gross debt reduction to
$1.4 billion and achieving our targeted $4 billion gross debt level. With this milestone, we no longer feel
the need to accelerate additional debt reduction. And going forward, we plan to simply retire debt as it
matures. And please note that we have no significant maturities in 2022. This balance sheet repositioning
was achieved well ahead of our original schedule, which opened the door to begin returning a significant
amount of capital to equity holders.

To be clear, these are returns beyond our base dividend which we just increased for the third consecutive
quarter. Our base dividend is actually up 100% over that time period, now at $0.06 a share per quarter,
and the $50 million of annual interest savings were realized due to lower gross debt will help fund a
significant portion of this base dividend increase.

Our equity return framework calls for delivering a minimum of 40% of cash from operations to
shareholders when WTI is at or above $60 a barrel. This is a peer-leading return of capital commitment. It
is also competitive with any sector in the S&P 500. Our fourth quarter is shaping up to be an exceptionally
strong free cash flow quarter due to a combination of higher commodity prices and oil volumes quite a bit
stronger than the third quarter.

At recent strip pricing, this could take our operating cash flow to approximately $1.1 billion or about
a 25% sequential increase versus the third quarter. Add to that an expected increase in dividend
distributions from EG and lower CapEx relative to the third quarter peak and fourth quarter free cash flow
could almost double to north of $850 million.

So in Q4, we expect to have lots of flexibility to exceed our 40% of operating cash flow, a minimum
threshold for equity returns. In fact, through our base dividend and approximately $500 million of share
repurchases, we expect to return approximately 50% of our operating cash flow to investors during the
fourth quarter while further improving our cash balance and net debt position.

As we also mentioned, we believe that buying back our stock in a disciplined fashion makes tremendous
sense. There are many opportunities in the market right now that provide a sustainable free cash flow
yield north of 20%.

Stepping back, the full year 2021 financial delivery is exceptional, $140 million in base dividends, $1.4
billion in debt reduction and $500 million of share repurchases representing a total return to investors
combined debt and equity of over $2 billion or over 60% of our expected full year operating cash flow at
strip commodity prices. Our actions in 2021 have successfully repositioned the balance sheet and kicked
off a strong track record of equity returns.

Going forward, we're going to stay laser-focused on our financial priorities and our return of capital
framework, taking into account our cash flow outlook when making return decisions. Because our
framework is based on a minimum percentage of cash flow from operations and not free cash flow, the
equity investor will have the first call on cash, not to drill a bit.

I'll now turn the call over to Pat Wagner, EVP of Corporate Development Strategy for an update on the
resource play exploration program.

Patrick J. Wagner
Executive Vice President of Corporate Development & Strategy

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Thanks, Dane. We recently completed our 2021 REx drilling program, which was focused on the continued
delineation of our contiguous 50,000 net acre position in our Texas Delaware oil plant.

As a reminder, this is a new play concept for both the Woodford and Meramec that was secured through
grassroots leasing at a very low cost of entry and with 100% working interest. This is essentially an
exploration bolt-on that is complementary to our already established position in the Northern Delaware.

We brought online our first multi-well pad during the third quarter. And while it is still very early, initial
production rates in both Woodford and Meramec are exceeding our predrill expectations.

More specifically, one of the Woodford wells achieved an IP30 of almost 2,100 barrels of oil per day at an
oil cut of 66%. This appears to be the strongest Woodford oil well ever drilled in any basin. And while we
don't yet have 30-day rates for the other 2 wells, early indicators, including IP24s are all very positive.

A primary objective of this 3-well pad was to execute our first spacing test in the playing. To date, we are
seeing no evidence of interference between the Woodford and Meramec, consistent with our expectations
due to over 700 feet of vertical separation between the 2 zones. As I stated, it's still early, and we need
more production history to draw stronger conclusions, but we are certainly encouraged by the initial
results from this first spacing test, including the record Woodford productivity.

The second objective was to continue to progress our learnings and cost improvements and completed
well costs. We expect to ultimately deliver well costs comparable to those achieved in the SCOOP and are
aggressively leveraging our substantial experience in Oklahoma to that end.

In total, we have now brought online 9 wells since play entry that have successfully delineated our
position. The 6 wells with longer dated production have collectively demonstrated strong long-term oil
productivity. Oil cuts greater than 60%, low oil ratios below 1 and shallow declines.

Looking ahead to 2022, you should expect us to continue to integrate our learnings and progress our
understanding of this promising play. However, we will do so in a disciplined manner and within our strict
reinvestment rate capital allocation framework.

I will now turn the call over to Lee, who will wrap this up.

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Pat. I will close with a quick summary of how we have positioned our company for success
and a preview of what to expect from us in 2022. Spoiler alert, there will be no surprises in 2022 and no
compromise with respect to our capital return framework. If we focus on the financial benchmarks that
matter, we are delivering top-tier capital efficiency, free cash flow yield and balance sheet strength. Our
2021 capital rate of sub-35% and capital intensity as measured by CapEx per barrel of production are both
the lowest in our independent E&P peer group, a strong validation of our leading capital and operating
efficiency.

We are also one of the few E&Ps expecting to deliver a 2021 reinvestment rate at or below the S&P 500
average. We're also delivering top quartile free cash flow yield this year among our peer group and well
above the S&P 500 average. And we are doing all of this with an investment-grade balance sheet at sub-
onetime net debt to EBITDA, a 2021 leverage profile also well below both our peer group and the S&P 500
average.

In short, we are successfully delivering outsized financial performance versus our peer group and the
broader market with the commodity price support we are experiencing this year. Yet perhaps more
importantly, we are well positioned to deliver competitive free cash flow and financial performance versus
the broader market at much lower prices than we see today, all the way down to the $40 per barrel
WTI range. This is the power of our sustainable cost structure reductions, our capital and operating
efficiency improvements and our commitment to capital discipline, all contributing to a sub-$35 per barrel
breakeven.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Looking ahead to 2022, our differentiated capital allocation framework that prioritizes the shareholder at
the first call on cash flow generation will not change. Our commitment to capital discipline will not waver
with maintenance oil production, the case to beat, as we finalize our 2022 budget. We believe the right
business model for a mature industry prioritizes sustainable free cash flow, a low reinvestment rate and
meaningful returns to equity investors, not growth capital.

Recall that we introduced a unique 5-year maintenance scenario earlier this year that featured $1 billion
to $1.1 billion of annual spending, $1 billion of annual free cash flow at $50 WTI and a 50% reinvestment
rate. Given we are no longer living in a $50 per barrel environment and that prices are currently north of
$80 per barrel, it is both prudent and reasonable to consider some level of limited inflation up to about
10% that would yield modest pressure on the maintenance scenario capital range.

Yet importantly, this modest level of inflation pales in comparison to the uplift to our financial performance
in the current environment, with a 2022 maintenance scenario free cash flow potentially on the order
of $3 billion at recent strip pricing or nominally 3x the $50 benchmark outcome. And under such a
maintenance scenario, we are positioned to lead the peers once again with a 2022 free cash flow yield
above 20%, far in excess of the S&P 500 free cash flow yield of approximately 4%.

Our minimum 40% of cash flow target translates to about $1.6 billion of equity holder returns next year.
But that is a minimum, and we see significant headroom to drive that number higher.

At the expected 4Q run rate of 50% of CFO, 2022 equity holder returns would increase to approximately
$2 billion, while still improving our cash balance and net debt position. Even at a more conservative $60
per barrel oil price environment, our minimum 40% of cash flow targets still translates to about $1.1
billion of equity holder returns in 2022. And applying 2022 consensus estimates to the return frameworks
disclosed by our peers, only confirms our leading return of capital profile, with a double-digit cash
distribution yield to our equity investors in 2022.

The confidence in this outsized delivery is further supported by recent Board action to increase our share
repurchase authorization to $2.5 billion to ensure we have sufficient runway to continue delivering on our
return of capital commitment next year.

To close, our company was among the first to recognize the need to move to a business model that
prioritizes returns, sustainable free cash flow, balance sheet improvement and return of capital. We
have also led the way in better aligning executive compensation to this new model and with investor
expectations. We are successfully executing on our model today, delivering both financial outcomes and
ESG excellence that are competitive not just with our direct E&P peers but also the broader market.
With that, we can open up the line for Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jeanine Wai from Barclays.

Jeanine Wai
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Our first question maybe for Dane. Can you walk us through the mechanics of how you're determining the
buyback tranches? It looks like it could be on a concurrent quarterly basis, but we just wanted to kind of
get some more detail on that. And how did you decide on the 50% level of returns for 4Q '21 other than it
meets the criteria of more than 40%? And I guess what would make you change that number quarter-to-
quarter?

Dane E. Whitehead
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Great question, Jeanine. I think there's kind of a couple of different aspects to it. One is a little more
tactical about how we execute the share repurchase. So briefly on that, we execute under short sort of 30-
to 60-day 10b51 program. So we've kind of set those in motion and execute them over a short period of
time.

And because of that short duration, it allows us to really calibrate return percentages more on a real-time
basis, based on what we're seeing in the business, whether it's capital spend levels, commodity prices,
other aspects of what's going on. It also gives you the advantage in the 10b51 writing through blackout
periods. And so we do that, sort of, stepping back a little more context for the decision process about
when do you exceed the minimum.

Our decisions are always grounded in our financial priorities, which we talked about on a regular basis,
generate corporate returns, significant sustainable free cash flow, bulletproof balance sheet and then
return significant capital to shareholders. We just talked about what we've done, year-to-date generated
significant operating and free cash flow.

Q4 looks like by far the best quarter yet from a financial perspective. The balance sheet is really strong,
and we've retired $900 million of debt in September, $1.4 billion year-to-date. So we're at our $4 billion
gross debt target ahead of schedule. And that really opens the door for much more substantial returns to
equity holders if the conditions warrant.

We also bumped the base dividend for the third time this year. It's up 100% over that period. And it feels
competitively positioned right now and also very sustainable through cycles at the current level. So we
turn to the capital return framework that calls for returning a minimum of 40% of operating cash flow to
shareholders when WTI is above $60.

When we look at Q4, not only is WTI well above $60, all the commodity complexes are high. Oil volumes
should be quite a bit stronger than they were in Q3. We expect an uptick in dividend distributions from EG
and lower CapEx versus Q3, which was sort of the high point of our burn rate for the year on the capital
side.

So we expect to have lots of flexibility to exceed 40%. We also have a desire to continue to add some level
of cash to the balance sheet, as we go through the year. Ultimately, our plans are to pay off debt, future
debt maturities as they mature. And they aren't significant in the future, but it's nice to have that level of
flexibility and in the process reduce our net debt.

So all of this, I think it's a great example of our shareholder return framework in action. It's based on
a minimum percentage of operating cash flow, but we have the ability and latitude to make real-time
decisions to exceed those minimums when conditions are right, they sure appear to be in Q4. So there's

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

a little bit of judgment involved. Is it 50%, 55% or whatever that is, but we just need to make a call. And
over time, we'll have the ability to modulate that accordingly.

Jeanine Wai
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. Great. Thank you for the detailed answer. We appreciate it. Maybe -- my second question maybe
for Mike. The well cost per foot, it decreased quarter-over-quarter in the Eagle Ford and the Bakken. And
would you characterize those decreases as sustainable for '22? And any color just on current inflation
and your outlook for '22 would be helpful. For example, one of your peers mentioned earlier this week
that they would adjust 22 activity if inflation warranted it. And I believe we said just now in his prepared
remarks that 10% cost inflation would put pressure on the maintenance scenario. And I didn't catch
whether that meant on the $1.1 billion CapEx or if that meant on activity.

Michael A. Henderson
Executive Vice President of Operations

Yes, Jane, I'll take -- I'll start with the expectation on the well cost for 2022. What I'd say is we're still
working up our bottoms-up planning. And obviously, as we noted, the macro environment is pretty
dynamic at the moment. We kind of highlighted third quarter being the lowest quarter of the year in terms
of CWC per foot costs in both the Eagle Ford and Bakken were actually year-to-date, down 12% from
where we were in the 2020 average.

So what I'd say is while that's probably going to be our starting point for '22. And similar to what you've
seen in '21, we'll continue to progress opportunities to improve our cost structure. I think as we noted, we
could and we should start to see some inflation in '22.

On the inflation question, maybe a little bit more color there. Let me start with '21. I would characterize
that inflation is very much in check for '21. It's been largely confined to steel and OCTG. And we have fully
accounted for that and our capital -- our $1 billion capital budget. As noted, we're working through '22
at the moment and seems reasonable to assume modest inflation. I think I would highlight that we are
looking to take some actions.

So for example, we've secured some of our rig, frac and frac sand and OCTG requirements for next year.
I think maybe the area where there's quite a bit of uncertainty of labor, but that's probably a broader
issue economy-wide. So as we noted, could see up to 10% inflation. I think that will depend on activity
levels. But again, similar to '21, we're going to be working hard to mitigate and offset any of those cost
pressures.

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

I think -- yes, Jeanine, maybe just to round out to just for clarity, as I mentioned in my remarks, when
you think about the benchmark case being predicated on really $50 WTI and that capital range that we
provided that $1 billion to $1.1 billion, I think, kind of applying that kind of up to 10% to that range would
at least kind of get you in the correct ZIP code under a maintenance scenario for 2022.

Operator

Our next question comes from Arun Jayaram from JPMorgan.

Arun Jayaram
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Yes. Good morning. Mike and perhaps, Lee, I wanted to get your thoughts on how you plan to lean
on some of the basins outside of the Bakken and Eagle Ford, obviously, in a lower commodity price
environment that you guys have really focused on your core-to-core inventory in both those plays. But
how should we think about, in a much better environment for oil, gas and NGLs, kind of the capital
allocation to play such as Oklahoma and the Permian?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Yes, Arun, this is Lee. I think consistent with how we've talked about in the past, we do expect to
be increasing our Oklahoma and Permian allocation up to kind of that 20% to 30% range under, again,
a maintenance scenario for reference. Those 2 basins accounted for more, like, 10% of our allocation in
2021 this year.

Clearly, all of the commodity prices are moving in a very constructive direction, which really has the net
effect of really lifting all boats, even in our black oil plays of the Bakken and the Eagle Ford. And I think
where we're really seeing the benefit of having that strength across the commodity complex is the fact
that we have this very balanced portfolio already with about a 50% exposure to oil and a 50% exposure to
natural gas and NGLs.

So there's no -- our thinking hasn't changed. We believe there are extremely strong and competitive
opportunities in both Permian and Oklahoma the strengthening in NGL and gas has only served to elevate
those further, but oil has also elevated the returns in our other basins as well. So we feel the strength of
the balanced portfolio gives us that great exposure across the commodity complex.

Arun Jayaram
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. Great. And Lee, my follow-up is maybe just to get some -- a bigger picker question for you, on just
U.S. resource basins. Two of your larger peers in the Bakken, Ryan and Harold, have announced large
multibillion-dollar transactions in the Permian. And I wanted to get your thoughts on what this says about
the Bakken. They're the larger operators in that Bakken -- in that basin, pardon me.

And just how you're thinking about portfolio renewal? Pat gave us an update on the REx program, but you
do have some other inventory expansion opportunities within your existing basins. So I wanted to see how
you're thinking about portfolio renewal and some of the moves of some of your key peers in the basin.

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Yes, Arun. First of all, I would just start off by saying any transaction, any M&A, whether it be large
or small, we're always going to view that through the lens of our very compelling organic case, our peer-
leading financial delivery and really a strict criteria that's predicated on financial accretion.

And so that's really the filter that we're going to view any type of opportunity. The same discipline that
we apply to our organic opportunities, we certainly are going to apply in the inorganic space. We believe,
obviously, that the Bakken continues to offer exceptional returns. If you look at some of the material
within our earnings deck, you will see that certainly in some of the appendix slides just how competitive
Bakken is relative to the other plays here in the U.S.

But for us, it's really -- anything that we would look at inorganically would have to offer significant value.
It would have to come in and move our full cycle returns in the right direction. And that, quite frankly, is a
very high bar today. You could argue that the M&A market has become a little bit more of a seller's market
today with the commodity prices that we're experiencing.

And with over 10 years of extremely strong inventory, we simply don't see the need to do anything
dramatic in the market, certainly, not do anything that would be dilutive to our exceptional financial
delivery.

But however, having said that on portfolio renewal, what we have talked about in the past is that
embedded in that capital budget that we talk about each and every year, we have kind of up to about 10%
of that dedicated to what we consider to be organic enhancement opportunities that could be things like
redevelopment opportunities in the Eagle Ford and the Bakken. It could be things like the Texas Delaware
oil play that Pat addressed in the opening remarks. And we want to make sure that we continue those
programs on a consistent and sustainable basis.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

As we look out in the out years and make best attempts to continue to replace and replenish our
inventory. I think the Texas Delaware oil play is a great example of something that we were able to get
into for a very low entry cost. And now it -- certainly, we see today a very clear path for that to compete
for capital allocation.

And we still have some work to do in terms of getting some longer-dated production information from the
spacing test, and we want to drive some learnings into the D&C program, but there's definitely a path
there for that asset now to compete, head-to-head, with some of the best in our current portfolio.

So hopefully, I addressed all of your questions, Arun. Did I miss anything?

Arun Jayaram
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Well, just maybe a quick follow-up, Lee, in terms of the Texas Delaware, just on this topic of portfolio
renewal, are you aware of any of your peers, which are testing the play at this point?

Patrick J. Wagner
Executive Vice President of Corporate Development & Strategy

Arun, this is Pat. There have been some other tests, specifically to the south of us, there have been some
Woodford test, but that area is a little bit lower pressure and not as big. And then on the eastern side of
the platform, there's been some Meramec test as well but some of them have been okay. But again, not as
good a pressure as ours. We think we absolutely have the best sweetest spot of the play, where we have
both Woodford and Meramec stacked with good separation between them and we've had good results to
date, obviously.

Operator

Our next question comes from Scott Hanold of RBC Capital Markets.

Scott Michael Hanold
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

I was wondering if you provided some good framework for 2022. And just to clarify a couple of things.
One, obviously, you're having a big uplift in oil production here in 4Q. Should we think about the baseline
maintenance cases, your average '21 oil production? Or should we look more to the exit rate of where you
might be this year? And then on the capital spending, concept, can you remind me within that circa $1.1
billion in CapEx, where does REx' capital fall within? Is that included in that? Or would that be in addition?

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. First of all, on your first question, Scott, yes, you should think about our maintenance scenario in
2022 being calibrated to our average 2021 oil production. All of us experienced some variability quarter-
to-quarter in our production numbers. It's natural in the short-cycle investments that you see that natural
variability. But again, we'd be looking in a maintenance scenario to drive towards that notional 172,000
barrels of oil per day.

Your second question, Scott, around our capital spending number even in the benchmark case of $1.1
billion, that number is all inclusive. It includes all of our investments, including REx as well as any other
organic enhancement opportunities just that of the $1 billion budget did this year. I mean one of the
reasons that we saw a little bit of peak CapEx in the third quarter was the impact of bringing the 3 well
pad online in the Texas-Delaware oil play. So that is -- should be looked at as an all-in number. There's
nothing carved out and put on the site.

Scott Michael Hanold
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Okay. That's great. Appreciate that. And kind of pivoting back to shareholder returns, I mean, you guys
obviously have a very robust buyback sitting in front of us. And it seems like that plus cruising up that

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

fixed dividend over time -- the plan. I know the answer is probably going to be, "Let's wait until we
actually harvest some of this free cash flow." But as we look forward, even with the increased buyback
authorization, I mean, it looks like you're going to eat through that pretty quickly next year if these
commodity prices hold out.

And as you kind of continue to look forward, is the buyback still going to be your likely primary outlet for
that? Or do you see any other opportunities going forward, such as special or variable dividends in the mix
as you look kind of longer term, bigger picture?

Dane E. Whitehead
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Scott, this is Dane. Let me take your first kind of that at least. I think where we sit today, it's kind of
a no-brainer when you look at the valuation of our stock and the fact that it's yielding in excess 20% free
cash flow that, that's the place to go with the excess distribution to shareholders in its great value. And
if that persists, then that will still be the first call on incremental cash above the base dividend. But we
haven't said that's the only thing we'll ever do. I mean to say, over time, you going to have to keep your
options open and to manage through this process.

The $2.5 billion authorization, there's really no magic to that number. It was clear to us as of yesterday
when that authorization went into place, we had $1.1 billion of remaining authorized capacity, and we
would chew through a chunk of that getting through this fourth quarter, $500 million that we talked about
going to the year pretty light. So we just asked the Board to top that up $2.5 billion asset today, and that
will give us a good running room into next year. And if we need to up that authorization over time, we can
certainly do that.

Patrick J. Wagner
Executive Vice President of Corporate Development & Strategy

I do think though, Scott, clearly, when you look at the potential financial delivery in 2022, we have a
unique opportunity just as we did in fourth quarter to not only deliver against the minimum of 40% back
to equity holders but to actually exceed that. But again, that's going to be calibrated to real-time cash flow
from operations.

And that will be something that we'll watch closely. I think Dave did a great job of laying out the
mechanics. But I also want to just stress one thing we've been really clear on, we developed our
framework to really give the investor confidence in the quantum, the quantum of cash we were going to
get back to shareholders. And we knew that, that would be a competitive and sustainable base dividend
plus something else.

That's something else clearly today is share repurchases. But we didn't -- we purposely and intentionally
didn't limit ourselves to a potential delivery mechanism. We wanted to keep that flexibility going forward.
But as Dane said, in the current environment, the impact of a steady and ratable share repurchase
program going forward makes the absolute most sense today.

Operator

Our next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America.

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

I want to ask you about how the inventory view has changed given the backdrop in the commodity? What
I'm thinking is, given gas, in particular, mid-continent, does that compete better? Does it change the view
of capital allocation? What I'm really trying to get to is going back to your comments at the beginning of
the year, I think it was Mike actually that talked about in the maintenance scenario you would drill half
your high-quality inventory in 5 years because at the end of the day, that's ultimately what's going to
dictate how the market perceives your free cash flow yield.

Lee M. Tillman

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Well, I think stepping back from the inventory, when we had talked about the greater than a decade
of capital-efficient, high-return inventory, Doug, it's really been based on kind of nominally our $50 WTI
kind of mid-cycle view.

As actual prices move around that planning basis, clearly, that has an impact on the tiering of those
opportunities and may, in fact, even bring additional opportunities into the economic window. So it is a
very dynamic thing. But we set that planning basis on conservatively so we could give a very conservative
and strong view of just how our inventory can deliver in a more modest pricing environment.

To your question around how does the commodity strengthening, particularly in the secondary products of
gas and NGL alter our investment decision, look, we're a return-driven company. As we look at individual
opportunities, we're going to be driven by economics. I won't say we're completely agnostic to the product
mix. But at the end of the day, it's not about barrels, it's about dollars. And we're going to be driven by
selecting the most economic opportunities across all of our core plays and then putting those into our
business plan and executing efficiently against them.

So it's strictly an economic decision. And although I'm thrilled that gas and NGL has recovered, I'm equally
thrilled that oil was sitting at above the $80 mark as well because that tends to uplift really all of our
portfolio. Because although we have an oil-weighted portfolio, it is a very balanced portfolio. And so we
are, in essence, taking advantage of those secondary product pricing at a portfolio level, but our individual
capital allocation decisions are going to be driven by economics.

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

I appreciate that. Maybe just a quick footnote to that, Lee, for Guy perhaps. I think a dynamic inventory,
some visibility on that would be really, really helpful because it would get a lot of folks away from the
idea that there's an inventory challenge. If you can show how that changes with the commodity deck just
maybe a footnote?

But my follow-up real quick is on Slide 7 and you've been early and very clear about your views on the
business model. And again, I congratulate you on leading the market on that on a couple of your peers.
But nevertheless, on Slide 7, you still talk about in a greater than $60 WTI environment. Our production
growth cap that underscores the commitment to discipline. The issue is the 5% growth is not part of your
rhetoric today. So when do you decide is the right time to go back to growing production?

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. I think that, that was simply, as you stated, a way for us to set a bright line on the framework
that there is a very, very high hurdle for growth. I mean we will always be informed by the macro. But
at the end of the day, it's all about delivering outsized financial metrics when we're above $60. To the
extent that we see that some moderate growth would fit into that financial framework, it would become a
consideration.

But it still remains more of an output of our financial model as opposed to an input. And I think given,
I think, the past history of the sector, it's very important for us to demonstrate clearly that in a very
constructive oil price environment, that we can deliver outsized financial outcomes relative to alternative
investments because the reality is that we know there will be future volatility and we have to be able to,
within that volatility, offer competitive returns when prices are lower.

So it was really just set there to really put it in the framework, acknowledge it. I think today, we would say
the need to drive to a number even in that 5% range, we just don't see that today. And it's hard to see it
even in the near future.

Operator

Our next question comes from Neal Dingmann from Truist Securities.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Neal David Dingmann
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

My question has kind of been asked, I want to ask about just on the plan for next year. Does that basically
assume as far as total activity about the same percentage of Eagle Ford and Bakken activity. I know
you've kind of run those 2 consistent here for the last few quarters, and I'm wondering if that's still kind of
the plans for next year.

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Neal, obviously, we have not released our budget for next year. I mean we're kind of still speaking
in hypothetical terms around a maintenance budget. But when you consider the fact that we will have
incremental capital flowing to Oklahoma and Permian, we would expect, obviously, that some of that
capital would be coming out of Eagle Ford and the Bakken to make room for that. But I would just say
stay tuned. We'll get into a lot more detail at an asset level of allocation when we get out to the budget
release in February.

Neal David Dingmann
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Okay. No, good to assume that. And then just to follow up really encouraged and I like the comments on
that Slide 14 about the resource play. I'm just wondering maybe could you comment for you one of the
guys as far as how much further do you think you could push this in terms of pad size, completions, some
other things? Obviously, the results -- early results are very encouraging, especially as you all pointed out
when you compare it to some of the Delaware. I'm just wondering sort of where we go from here?

Patrick J. Wagner
Executive Vice President of Corporate Development & Strategy

Neal, this is Pat. A primary objective of this pad test was spacing. And so right now, we drilled this in a
spacing of 4 wells per zone. We drilled 2 in the Woodford and one in the Meramec. So far, we're seeing
no interference at all between those because the 700-foot thickness between the 2. So we're going to
get some more longer-term production on this pad and see how these wells perform. And if so, then we'll
[indiscernible] probably be the development scenario. However, I think we have some opportunities to test
that even further.

We've obviously drilled 9 wells now. So we've had a lot of learnings on the drilling and completion side. We
will try to give any details on that, but we continue to refine our approach to that. I think we'll continue
to drive our cost down, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks. So as we go into '22, we'll continue to
progress our learning more and see what else we need to do to take this thing hopefully...

Operator

And our final question comes from Scott Gruber from Citigroup.

Scott Andrew Gruber
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Yes. The EG equity income was raised, which is great to see expected, but it's so good to see. Cash
dividends from EG were $47 million, but I believe those lagged the booking of income. Can you speak to
how we should think about cash move back to Marathon from your equity interest in EG in the quarters
ahead in terms of both pace and magnitude.

Dane E. Whitehead
Executive VP & CFO

Scott, this is Dane. Yes. So for our EG investments that are accounted for on the equity method. I think
over time, it's fair to expect that cash dividends match equity income. Quarter-to-quarter, they don't

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

always match that timing can vary, especially in periods where you have significant changes like a big run-
up in prices that we saw in Q3.

And so in this case, dividends lagged earnings fairly significantly in Q3. We expect that to catch up in the
reasonable near future. So I think when you're modeling it, it's probably just -- they're going to be equal
-- pretty much equal over time, but you can expect to see some variability quarter-to-quarter.

Scott Andrew Gruber
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Got you. Got you. Would there be a point where cash dividends at least in the near term exceed equity
income? Or is it just kind of on a lag basis? Is there a catch-up or...

Dane E. Whitehead
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Yes. We certainly can see a catch-up where the dividends exceed equity earnings in the next period.

Scott Andrew Gruber
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Got you. And then just thinking about cash taxes. You guys have a large NOL. But can you remind us, do
you have U.S. cash taxes ramping up within your 5-year outlook and given better earnings now at the
front end, to the 5-year outlook for cash taxes change materially?

Dane E. Whitehead
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, it's a good question. I'm glad that you asked this. So we do have significant tax attributes in the form
of NOLs. That's the big one, $8.2 billion and then foreign tax credits as well both of which, of course, will
be used to offset future taxes.

Our outlook, even if forward pricing doesn't have us paying federal income taxes until the latter part of
the decade, and that really hasn't changed. The outlook is durable. We tested against commodity prices,
higher corporate tax rates, changes to the IDC tax treatment really don't have a meaningful impact on
accelerating cash taxability. So I think that answer hasn't changed over the past few quarters.

Operator

That concludes our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back to Lee Tillman for final
comments.

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you for your interest in Marathon Oil, and I'd like to close by again thanking all of our dedicated
employees and contractors for their commitment to safely and responsibly deliver the energy the world
needs each and every day. Thank you.

Operator
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You
may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

