M&T Bank Corporation NYSE:MTB
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, October 22, 2020 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.53

2.74

Revenue  (mm)

1452.02

1463.66

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-13-2020 1:01 PM GMT

8.30

0.80

2.57

8.98

9.68

1446.66

5858.50

5798.45

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

3.46

2.51

1.86

2.53

3.64

2.06

1.70

2.74

SURPRISE

5.20 %

(17.93 %)

(8.60 %)

8.30 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
M&T BANK CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Darren J. King
Executive VP & CFO

Donald J. MacLeod
Administrative VP, Assistant
Secretary & Director of IR

ANALYSTS

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

Brian Paul Klock
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Erika Najarian
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Matthew Derek O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Saul Martinez
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Steven A. Alexopoulos
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

M&T BANK CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the M&T Bank Third Quarter 2020
Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

I will now turn the call over to Don MacLeod, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Donald J. MacLeod
Administrative VP, Assistant Secretary & Director of IR

Thank you, Maria, and good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's Third Quarter
2020 Earnings Conference Call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the
earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules
from our website, www.mtb.com, by clicking on the Investor Relations link and then on the Events and
Presentations link.

Before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking
statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. Actual results could differ from
what is described in those forward-looking statements. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC
filings on Forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q, including the Form 8-K filed today in connection with our earnings
release for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and risk factors.

Now I'd like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, Darren King.

Darren J. King
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Don, and good morning, everyone. As noted in this morning's press release, we were pleased
with the improving level of economic activity our markets experienced in the third quarter, particularly in
terms of consumer and business spending. Specifically, we saw strong debit and credit card usage, both
by consumers and business, which also manifested in an increase in merchant volumes. The mortgage
market was robust in the third quarter, where we witnessed an uptick in both residential origination
volumes and margins. Our trust business experienced the increase in money fund fee waivers we had
been anticipating, but those were offset by strong equity and debt markets during the quarter. Expense
trends were in line with our expectations as we continue to exercise diligence in a particularly difficult
revenue environment.

Also encouraging are the trends for commercial customers granted some form of COVID-19 forbearance
and for which have reached its end point. Approximately 10% have asked for additional relief. The
common equity Tier 1 ratio improved by 31 basis points to 9.81%. At the same time, the allowance
for loan losses grew to 1.79% of loans, positioning M&T to meet the needs of our customers and
communities.

Now let's review our results for the quarter. Diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $2.75 for the
third quarter of 2020 compared with $1.74 in the second quarter of 2020 and $3.47 in the third quarter of
2019. Net income for the quarter was $372 million compared with $241 million in the linked quarter and
$480 million in the year ago quarter.

On a GAAP basis, M&T's third quarter results produced an annualized rate of return on average assets of
1.06% and an annualized return on average common equity of 9.53%. This compares with rates of 0.71%
and 6.13%, respectively, in the previous quarter.

Included in GAAP results in the recent quarter were after-tax expenses from the amortization of intangible
assets amounting to $3 million or $0.02 per common share, little change from the prior quarter.
Consistent with our long-term practice, M&T provides supplemental reporting of its results on a net
operating or tangible basis, from which we have only ever excluded the after-tax effect of amortization

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

M&T BANK CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

of intangible assets as well as any gains or expenses associated with mergers and acquisitions when they
occur.

M&T's net operating income for the third quarter, which excludes intangible amortization, was $375 million
compared with $244 million in the linked quarter and $484 million in last year's third quarter.

Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $2.77 for the recent quarter compared with $1.76
in 2020 second quarter and $3.50 in the third quarter of 2019. Net operating income yielded annualized
rates of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders' equity of 1.1% and
13.94% for the recent quarter. The comparable returns were 0.74% and 9.04% in the second quarter of
2020.

In accordance with the SEC's guidelines, this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of
GAAP and non-GAAP results, including tangible assets and equity.

Turning to the balance sheet and income statement. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $947
million in the third quarter of 2020, marking a decline of $14 million or 1% from the linked quarter. That
decrease primarily reflects the impact on loan yields from the 20 basis point decline in average 1-month
LIBOR compared to the second quarter. Higher premium amortization on residential mortgage loans and
mortgage-backed securities was also a factor. The net interest margin declined by 18 basis points to
2.95% compared with 3.13% in the linked quarter.

Average interest-earning assets increased by $4 billion to $128 billion for the third quarter, primarily
reflecting a $4.4 billion increase in funds invested with either the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or
into resale agreements. Those investments were funded by a similar increase in deposits, approximately
evenly divided between interest and noninterest-bearing DDA.

The increase in cash equivalent investments caused an estimated 10 basis points of pressure on the net
interest margin while having little effect on net interest income.

The lower interest rate environment, primarily the lower average rate on 1-month LIBOR that I mentioned
previously, contributed to approximately 4 basis points of the margin decline. The net impact of lower loan
yields was somewhat mitigated by a 6 basis point decrease in the cost of interest-bearing deposits.

The accelerated premium amortization on both residential mortgage loans and on mortgage-backed
securities contributed some 3 basis points of margin pressure. All other factors contributed to an additional
1 basis point of the decline. For context, since the fourth quarter of 2019, the combination of short-term
liquidity investments primarily placed at the Fed and investment securities has increased by $9.1 billion,
reducing the net interest margin by approximately 25 basis points, while incrementally benefiting net
interest income.

Average total loans increased by $413 million or a little less than 0.5% compared with the previous
quarter. Looking at loans by category. On an average basis, compared with the linked quarter, commercial
and industrial loans declined by $1.4 billion or 5%, primarily the results of a $1.2 billion decline in vehicle
dealer floor plan loans. That reflects the usual seasonal softness as well as the delays some dealers are
having in replacing inventory being sold.

PPP loans were effectively unchanged from the end of the second quarter at $6.5 billion. Commercial
real estate loans grew by less than 1% compared with the second quarter. Residential real estate loans
increased by just under $1 billion or 6%, reflecting loans purchased from Ginnie Mae servicing pools,
pending resolution, partially offset by repayments.

Consumer loans were up by 4%, reflecting higher indirect recreation finance loans, partially offset by
lower auto loans and home equity lines of credit. Average core customer deposits, which exclude deposits
received at M&T's Cayman Islands office and CDs over $250,000, grew by $4 billion, primarily in interest
and noninterest checking or about 4% compared with the second quarter.

Turning to noninterest income. Noninterest income totaled $521 million in the third quarter compared
with $487 million in the prior quarter. The recent quarter included $3 million of valuation gains on equity

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

M&T BANK CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

securities, largely on our remaining holdings of GSE preferred stock, while the second quarter included $7
million of such gains. Mortgage banking revenues were $153 million in the recent quarter, improving from
$145 million in the linked quarter.

Residential mortgage loans originated for sale were $1.2 billion in the quarter, up 7% from $1.1 billion
in the second quarter. Total residential mortgage banking revenues, including origination and servicing
activities, were $119 million in the third quarter, improved from $111 million in the prior quarter. The
increase reflects the higher volume of loans originated for sale, combined with strong gain on sale
margins. Residential servicing revenues declined very slightly.

Commercial mortgage banking revenues totaled $34 million, encompassing both originations and servicing
and which was little changed from the second quarter. Trust income was $150 million in the recent quarter,
down slightly from $152 million in the previous quarter. Recall that second quarter figures included $5
million of seasonal tax preparation fees. Aside from that, business remains solid with slightly higher
money market fund fee waivers, offset by continued strong debt capital markets activity.

Service charges on deposit accounts were $91 million, improved sharply from $77 million in the second
quarter. The improvement comes primarily from some of the COVID-19-impacted categories on the
consumer side, the result of higher levels of spending compared with the prior quarter.

Similarly, the $20 million improvement in other revenues from operations compared with the linked
quarter reflects a rebound in COVID-19-impacted payments revenues that are not included in service
charges, such as credit card interchange and merchant discount with a slight improvement in loan-related
fees, including syndications.

Turning to expenses. Operating expenses for the third quarter, which exclude the amortization of
intangible assets, were $823 million compared with $803 million in the second quarter. The $20 million
linked quarter increase in salaries and benefits reflect the impact of one additional workday during the
quarter and higher compensation tied to the uptick in both mortgage banking and trust-related activity
compared with the prior quarter.

Recall that other cost of operations for each of the first and second quarters included a $10 million
addition to the valuation allowance on our capitalized mortgage servicing rights. There was neither an
addition nor release from the valuation allowance during the third quarter. The efficiency ratio, which
excludes intangible amortization from the numerator and securities gains or losses from the denominator,
was 56.2% in the recent quarter compared with 55.7% in the second quarter and 56.0% in the third
quarter of 2019.

Next, let's turn to credit. Net charge-offs for the recent quarter amounted to $30 million. Annualized net
charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were 12 basis points for the third quarter compared with 29
basis points in the second quarter. The provision for loan losses in the third quarter amounted to $150
million, exceeding net charge-offs by $120 million and increasing the allowance for credit losses to $1.8
billion or 1.79% of loans.

The allowance at the end of the third quarter reflects an updated macroeconomic scenario that is different
and modestly less severe than those used at the end of the first and second quarters, which modeled the
uncertainty of the COVID-19-driven damage to the economy. The allowance and the related provision
in the recent quarter reflect the ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on economic activity in
the hospitality and retail sectors, the uncertainty over additional economic stimulus and the ultimate
collectability of commercial real estate loans where borrowers are requesting repayment forbearance.

Our current macroeconomic forecast uses a number of economic variables, with the largest drivers being
the unemployment rate and GDP. Our forecast assumes the quarterly unemployment rate increases to 9%
in the fourth quarter of this year, followed by a sustained high single-digit unemployment rate through
2022. The forecast assumes GDP contracts 5.1% during 2020 and recovers to prerecession peak levels by
the third quarter of 2022. Our forecast assumes no additional government stimulus. Nonaccrual loans as
of September 30 amounted to $1.2 billion, an increase of $83 million from the end of June.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

M&T BANK CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

At the end of the quarter, nonaccrual loans as a percentage of loans was 1.26%. It is important to keep
in mind that some of the usual credit metrics have been affected by the PPP loans on the balance sheet,
which are zero risk-weighted and carry little or no credit risk.

Excluding the impact of PPP loans, the ratio of the allowance for credit losses to loans would be 1.91%.
Similarly, the ratio of nonaccrual loans to total loans would be 1.35% and annualized net charge-offs as a
percentage of total loans would be 13 basis points.

Loans 90 days past due, on which we continue to accrue interest, were $527 million at the end of the
recent quarter. Of these loans, $505 million or 96% were guaranteed by government-related entities.
Government-guaranteed loans under COVID forbearance in which we have purchased from servicing pools
are generally not reflected in these figures.

Consistent with regulatory and CARES Act provisions, loans that have received some sort of forbearance,
whether payment deferrals, covenant modifications or other form of relief as a result of COVID-19-related
stress, for the most part, are not yet reflected in our nonaccrual or delinquency numbers. A significant
majority of commercial loans that were granted COVID-19 payment relief were for 90 days, with the
ability for clients to request a second 90 days.

For example, substantially all of the $4.2 billion of forbearance as of June 30 given to vehicle dealers was
for 90 days, and less than $100 million are under some form of forbearance relief at the end of the third
quarter. For the total commercial and industrial portfolio, including the aforementioned dealer portfolio,
loans under COVID-19 forbearance have declined by 85% to slightly higher than $800 million or about 3%
as of September 30.

Customers in the commercial real estate portfolio generally received 180-day COVID-19 deferrals.
In total, deferrals in the CRE portfolio have declined by 41% to $5.1 billion. Over 2/3 of the loans on
active forbearance as of September 30 that have not reached their end point relate to the CRE portfolio
segments most impacted by COVID-19, notably, hotels and retail CRE.

We'll know more over the next 60 days or so as the 180-day deferrals reach their end of term. For the
consumer portfolios, deferrals declined from just under $700 million at June 30 to under $150 million
or less than 1% at the end of September. For residential mortgage loans we own, nongovernment-
guaranteed loans under deferral amount to $1.6 billion, down about 19% from the second quarter.

Total deferrals have increased to $3.3 billion from $2.3 billion 90 days ago. All of that increase reflects
government-guaranteed loans purchased from servicing pools that represent no credit risk to M&T. All of
these figures do not include approximately $10 billion of forbearance on residential mortgage loans we
service for others.

Turning to capital. M&T's common equity Tier 1 capital ratio was an estimated 9.81% as of September
30 compared to 9.5% at the end of the second quarter. This reflects the impact of earnings in excess of
dividends paid and slightly lower risk-weighted assets. M&T did not repurchase shares during the third
quarter and will not be doing so in the fourth quarter.

M&T's net income comfortably exceeded its common stock dividend, both for the quarter and under the
trailing 4-quarter calculation outlined by the Federal Reserve.

Now turning to the outlook. Our usual practice is to offer thoughts on the coming year in the January
earnings call after we've completed our planning process. So my remarks today will be somewhat brief.
We're all pleased to see that the economy has improved, while recognizing that we're still a long way from
conditions we saw in January and February.

Core commercial loan growth, excluding PPP loans, has slowed, and we expect those balances to remain
flat to slightly down over the remainder of 2020 compared to where we ended the quarter. Given that the
auto manufacturers are still not running at normal levels, we don't expect the normal seasonal rebound in
dealer floor plan loans during the fourth quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

M&T BANK CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Our portal for receiving forgiveness requests of PPP loans is open and applications are being processed
and sent on to the SBA. Most of the activity so far is on the smaller loans on which the SBA is expediting
relief.

The residential mortgage loans we purchased from servicing pools aren't fully reflected in the third quarter
average. Combined with the potential for further [ bias ], we should see modest growth in average
residential mortgage loans for the current quarter.

All in, we expect modest linked quarter growth in total loans. More difficult to forecast has been our
liquidity assets or short-term investments in the deposits with the Fed, which continued to rise over the
past quarter, although at a much slower pace.

As I noted earlier, this was primarily the result of further deposit inflows. Although uncertain at present,
we may be approaching the peak and may see declines in the current quarter. As those deposits and
associated short-term investments decline, we'd expect that the net interest margin would benefit by
about 2 to 3 basis points per $1 billion decline, with limited impact on net interest income.

With LIBOR having reached a steady state and our expectation for additional modest downward trends
in deposit costs, we expect net interest income to be slightly higher in the final quarter of 2020. If a
significant balance of PPP loans are forgiven, the accelerated recognition of the PPP loan fees would be
a further benefit. We've previously mentioned that the size of the active cash flow hedge position on our
floating rate loan portfolio will step up during this quarter.

To be more specific, the $13.4 billion notional amount of active cash flow hedges will step up to $17.4
billion this quarter and then remain at those levels for about 1 year. The benefit to net interest income is
less substantive as the older swaps with higher fixed received rates mature and forward starting swaps
with lower receive rates become active.

Turning to fees. Residential mortgage applications continue to be strong with rates as low as they are. We
expect continued solid origination volumes this quarter, but likely with some pressure on margin. For trust
income, we have seen the increase in waivers of money market mutual fund management be somewhat
offset by strong debt capital markets activity. We expect those waivers will reach a steady state shortly
and will persist while the zero rate environment endures.

Service charge income was boosted by higher levels of customer activity, notably in payments, with some
volumes at or even better than pre-COVID levels. Further upside from the current levels appears likely --
sorry, unlikely.

We have no change to our expense guidance for the remainder of 2020. We continue to expect expenses
for the second quarter -- or second half of the year to be in line with the first half, excluding the seasonal
factors in this year's first quarter. Any additional loan loss provisioning will be determined by changes to
the macroeconomic variables that we see at the end of the year and by the portfolio composition.

Lastly, turning to capital. We are continuing to build capital levels as limited loan growth and profits in
excess of the dividend bolster our capital ratios. Consistent with the guidance from our regulators, we
won't repurchase stock or recommend that the Board consider a change to the dividend during the fourth
quarter.
Of course, as you're aware, our projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various
assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events
and other macroeconomic factors, which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future.
Now let's open the call up to questions, before which, Maria will briefly review the instructions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

M&T BANK CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of John Pancari of Evercore ISI.

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

On the credit side, I wonder if you could give us a little bit more color behind the rationale for the reserve
build in the quarter. I know you mentioned some of the ongoing uncertainty in the backdrop and around
stimulus. So just curious, was there an overlay that you applied? Or are you seeing something specific
there to justify the addition?

Darren J. King
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Sure, John. I guess if you break down some of the components, the big driver, obviously, is the
macroeconomic variables that you run through the model. And while they were modestly better, the
outquarters really haven't changed much from what we were looking at in the third quarter. And so those
really drive the magnitude of the allowance at its core. And so there is really no change there. And then
when you look underneath, you see some growth in certain segments of the portfolio. So growth in the
consumer book and some growth in CRE, much of the addition was for that. And then the other just
reflects the uncertainty, I guess, is the way to put it or some conservatism in the forbearance portfolio and
what that ultimately might look like.

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Okay. All right. That's helpful. And then separately, on the credit front, can you give us an update on the
performance trends that you're seeing in your commercial real estate portfolio from a credit perspective?
How are you seeing your borrowers impacted in the backdrop? And are you seeing some stress there in
terms of credit performance?

Darren J. King
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So I guess, looking at the commercial real estate portfolio, the ones that we are most focused on
right now, the segments we're most focused on are the hotel segment and the retail segment. And those
are ones where there has been a significant amount of forbearance in those portfolios. And for the most
part, those portfolios received 180-day forbearance. And so they will start to show themselves over the
next 90 days. And the hotel business continues to be challenged, particularly in some of the larger cities,
where you have a hotel that maybe relies on conferences or food and beverage as part of their business.
Those ones are probably the most challenged.

When you get into other segments of the hotel portfolio, where it's -- you're able to get there by car and
able to drive up, we've seen some return of revenue, not all the way back, obviously, to where things
were, but able to cash flow. And so we're watching those portfolios as we go through this quarter. But
we're pleased by the reaction we've seen from the customers so far and their ability to manage their
expenses down to try and keep their cash flow at least as close to breakeven as possible.

We continue to feel very positive about the loan to values in the portfolio. And that, in particular, New
York City, which I know gets a lot of attention. I think the average loan-to-value is less than 50%. And
when I look at -- in New York City, we have about $42 million of loans outstanding, which are 2 loans
that are between 60% and 70% LTV and 5 loans and $152 million between 50% and 60%, and then the
vast majority is less than 50% LTV. And so when you look at those properties and the values, there's a lot
invested by the client already in those properties, and they have a real strong incentive to figure out how
to maintain it.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

M&T BANK CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

On the retail side, it's a similar space. I think retail has been a bit of a challenged industry much before
COVID hit. And that watching things go online, we were seeing challenges on pricing and rents and COVID
just accelerated that. But again, when we look at our portfolio and the distribution of the LTVs, again, SKU
is very low. And in particular, in New York City SKUs, also below 50%. And when we look at some of our
larger relationships, they have some LTVs where they're multigenerational ownership of properties. And
their cost basis, in some cases, is down in the 25% of current values and the tax basis that they have is
very low. So they also have a very vested interest in protecting those properties.

And so I guess, long-winded way of saying, there's certainly stress out there, but the clients have been
active in adjusting their operations to the environment. And then many of them have outside resources
and liquidity to help carry the properties while things try and come back to normal. So we'll know a little
bit more in 90 days, but we're very pleased by the actions that our clients have taken so far to protect
their investments.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Steven Alexopoulos of JPMorgan.

Steven A. Alexopoulos
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So on the loans that you purchased out of the Ginnie Mae pools, can you -- what's the yield on those? And
are you likely to purchase again at a similar level in 4Q?

Darren J. King
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So in round numbers, the yield on those Ginnies is about 4%. Each one will be slightly different, but
it's right around there, plus or minus 5 basis points. And it's something that we will continue to do just
because it makes economic sense to take some of these loans that are being serviced and buy them out,
so that we only have to have the carry cost and we don't have to advance the principal and interest to the
investors. But I think what you saw in this quarter was a larger than what would be normal uptick in those
balances because there were some residual hangover from the second quarter where there hadn't been
active buyouts happening. And so the run rate is probably more in like the $250 million to $300 million a
month range, give or take. And there was just a larger uptick this quarter because that hadn't happened
very much in the second quarter.

Steven A. Alexopoulos
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And I think you also said the purchases were late in the quarter, so we'll see the
benefit flow through into 4Q from this quarter?

Darren J. King
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. It continued through the quarter. There will be a little bit of an uptick in the fourth quarter, but not as
big as what we saw this quarter.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian of Bank of America.

Erika Najarian
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

My one question is on the contribution from the swap portfolio. I heard you loud and clear in terms of
the notional stepping up to $17 billion. And I'm wondering if you could give us a sense on what the
contribution was to net interest income from your derivative book in the fourth quarter -- sorry, in the
third quarter and how that progressed either on an annual or quarterly basis, however you want to give it
in 2021.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

M&T BANK CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Darren J. King
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So I think we talked last quarter about the hedging, adding about 26 basis points to the net interest
margin for the quarter, was up slightly in the third quarter to about 30. And what you'll see going forward
is, as we mentioned earlier, as the notional goes up but the coupon, the receive-fixed comes down, the
impact is about the same. We think in the fourth quarter and the first quarter of next year. And then over
time, as the start of the swaps that become active, have a lower coupon, the benefit will start to trickle
down as we go through 2021. And probably a good assumption would be like after you get through the
second quarter, 3 basis points a quarter decrease in the benefit of the hedge based on our forecast of what
the balance sheet looks like.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.

Matthew Derek O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I want to follow up on expenses. The cost control has been very good this year, and the guidance for 4Q
is in line with what you said 3 months ago. But how sustainable is the expense management? Is it kind of
just a onetime kind of pulling in on some things that isn't all that sustainable? Is it kind of some structural
changes or a combination of 2 of them?

Darren J. King
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Matt, it's a good question. When -- I guess, some of the things that I think are sustainable that you
really see illuminated in the fourth -- or the third quarter results is if you look at the salaries and benefits
and you compare them to where they were in the third quarter of last year, you can see they're basically
flat. They're up, I think, about $2 million. But if you look at the other cost of operations, which is where
the professional services shows up, you can see the drop there. Some of the drop, obviously, is because
there was impairment that we took in the third quarter of last year that didn't repeat itself this year. But
outside of that, you see we've seen a decrease in the professional services line. And we've been talking for
a number of quarters about the path we've been on to build technology skills and insource those, which
would impact the salary benefit line, and it took a while for the professional services to come out. And so
you've seen that remixing. We've got a little bit more to do. And so I think there's some evidence that,
that is working. And we can continue to do that, which I would say is more structural.

A couple of the other big items, obviously, are travel and entertainment and advertising and promotion.
I think what we're seeing in the advertising and promotion line item is that, obviously, you need to be
competitive in the markets that you're advertising in. But also, we're learning that there's different ways
that you can reach customers and prospects that might be more cost-effective than traditional means. And
so we'll be continuing to look at that as we go forward and being smarter about that and also thinking a
lot harder about how much travel we need both internally, for sure. And then oftentimes with clients, I
don't think you can get away from face-to-face interactions in banking, but maybe we don't need quite as
much as we've had in the past. So we're looking at how we're doing our business.

And I think the last thing you see is through the PPP process, we were able to handle such a massive
amount of loan volume in a short period of time. I mean we literally did about 3 years' worth of SBA loans
in a week. And we did that through changing the process and using more digitization. And so we think that
there's opportunity to take that thought process beyond just business loans into other lending and deposit
opening and other operations to drive expenses down.

And so I guess, long story short, I think there's been some things that were gifts, so to speak, from the
pandemic. But it's also really got us to rethink and continue on the path of rethinking how we do the work,
and that offers continuous improvement. I don't know that there's a step change down, but we continue to
chisel away. And I think that, that would -- allows us to slow expense growth and to get close to positive
operating leverage. I mean to me, to be in this environment where we've had challenges in revenue and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

M&T BANK CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

the efficiency ratio this quarter was the same as last year, I think, just speaks to the ability of the team to
be disciplined on expenses, which is kind of classic M&T.

Matthew Derek O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

That's helpful. And I'm going to guess you don't want to give explicit '21 guidance on cost, but you just
said no step down, but also kind of described an implication that there wouldn't be a step-up as well. So
if I had to guess, I would think it seems like you're trying to keep costs relatively flat by parsing some of
your comments together there?

Darren J. King
Executive VP & CFO

I think that's a safe assumption. Well, like I said, we'll be back with more detail in January, but that's
certainly a safe assumption.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Can I ask you further on the trust income? You said that the fee waivers would be run rated, I think, going
forward. Can you just help us understand what was in the third and what the step-up, if any, is going to
be into the fourth?

Darren J. King
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So I think we talked before about maybe $10 million a quarter impact from those fee waivers. And I
think this quarter, we saw about $7 million, and it was offset by an uptick in some of the loan agency fees
that we get because you've been watching the debt markets. So I think they hit a record for issuance at
the end of September, and they still have 3 months to go. And so that activity, our participation in that
market you saw reflected in some of the agency fees that show up in that trust income line. And so it
masked the impact of those fee waivers on the money fund accounts.

Also, we had -- continue to have strong equity markets, and that's impacting AUM positively, maybe a
little bit better than we might have thought going into the quarter. And so that also was a positive, that
was an offset. And so will be -- the money fund waivers that we had talked about are basically in there.
There might be a little bit more to go. And then the question will be what happens with some of those
other parts of the trust business and how robust those markets are as we go through the fourth quarter.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Understood. And then just a follow-up on mortgage. Can you give a little bit more discussion of just
the differences between resi and commercial origination activity? And then also, are you still seeing
opportunities to buy additional servicing assets as you guys have been pretty frequent opportunistic
buyers there?

Darren J. King
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So I guess most of the action for the last couple of quarters has really been in the consumer space.
And it's just with rates where they are, there's a lot of refi activity going on. And so that's really what's
been driving the volume there. What I think has been seen for the last 2 quarters, both for us and for the
industry, is that there was so much volume. It overwhelmed people's capacity to handle it. And so one of
the ways the industry manages capacity is through pricing. And so that's why the margins were so strong
this quarter and last.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

M&T BANK CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

And so what we expect to see in the fourth quarter is we expect to see similar levels of volume, maybe
seasonally slower just because of the fourth quarter, but we'll start to see the margins come down. We
started to see that at the end of the last quarter, that the gain on sale margin in September was down
from what it was in July and August. And so we expect that trend to continue into the fourth quarter, and
that's why we think we'll see a drop in the mortgage fee line item.

In commercial, things have been slow really since COVID hit. There's just not a lot of activity in the
commercial real estate space. It's -- third quarter, I think, for the last couple of years has been a blowout
quarter for us in the commercial real estate sector. This year was the notable exception, and we don't see
that changing into the fourth quarter. It's just a slowdown in activity there.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Saul Martinez of UBS.

Saul Martinez
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I wanted to parse through some of the moving parts on net interest income. So I think in a response to
Erika's question, you mentioned, Darren, that the protection from the hedges were about 30 bps, which
by my calculation, amount to roughly $95 million. Just to clarify then, your guidance for NII in the fourth
quarter, that assumes that, that level of protection more or less stays flat, i.e., there's no incremental
benefit. And you're also assuming no PPP forgiveness in that outlook. Is that correct?

Darren J. King
Executive VP & CFO

That's right.

Saul Martinez
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Okay. And then just following up there, you kind of painted a picture on the outlook into '21 for the
benefits sort of trickling down gradually in -- especially in the latter part of the year. But your disclosures
show that your -- I think the average -- weighted average maturity is about 1.3 years on the swap book
or it was that in the second quarter, which would seem to imply that there would be some more material
step-down in protection at some point between now and the year-end '22. I mean I guess, how should we
read that and think about that? Is there going to be more of a cliff effect on the hedge protection that you
get late next year into '22? Just maybe a little bit more color in terms of how that evolves, not just during
the course of '21, but looking out over the life of those hedges.

Darren J. King
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I guess so when you think about the hedging that we did and the way we constructed the portfolio,
we were always adding a consistent level with the exception, obviously, this next 12 months of forward
starting swaps. And so the idea was to keep the outstanding notional amount fairly consistent through
time. And really what starts to happen in each month, one swap falls off and a new one starts, and it
would be reflective of the rate environment at the time at which we entered into that agreement. And so
we're in the spot now where we're entering these agreements and the curve was positively sloping and
rates were higher. And over time, you saw those receive-fixed coupons come down.

And so the -- there's not really a cliff per se, but more a continual gradual decline as each month, some
swaps go inactive and forward starting ones become active, and that brings the average received fixed
coupon that's in place in any month, declining through 2021 and into 2022. And then as the duration of
the swap portfolio will shorten. Because as rates really fell down at the end of 2019 and then at the start
of 2020, there wasn't a benefit that we saw in continuing to add forward starting swaps to lock in rates at
50 or 25 basis points, that we continue to believe that 0 is, for all intents and purposes, the practical floor
right now and that negative rates are not a huge consideration of the Fed. And so we've slowed down in
the hedging, and you'll see that it gradually goes away through the next 24 months.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

M&T BANK CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Donald J. MacLeod
Administrative VP, Assistant Secretary & Director of IR

Just a point of clarification, the weighted average maturity is not from the reporting date but from the
start date of the forward starting swap to the end of the forward starting swap.

Saul Martinez
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Okay. So -- okay so it's not 1.3 years necessarily?

Donald J. MacLeod
Administrative VP, Assistant Secretary & Director of IR

From now. Yes.

Saul Martinez
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Yes, from now. Okay. From when they -- all these -- all the forward starting swaps come on board. Okay. I
guess the second, let me just pivot quickly to the second question. The CRE book, 180 days forbearance.
I think you mentioned $5.1 billion and 2/3 of that, I guess, exiting the initial deferral period. So a couple
of questions there. Do you have any expectations as to what percentage of that will ask for a second
modification? And how do you expect to account for additional modification? Do you anticipate taking
advantage of the CARES Act 4013 to not classified as a TDR? Or will you say, these loans are -- have
been a modification for an extended period, and hence, we think they should be treated as TDRs even
with some of the, I guess, the negative implications for risk-weighted assets and other things. So I'm just
curious how -- what you're expecting there and how you plan to account for it?

Darren J. King
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So I guess a couple of things. Obviously, it's hard to predict exactly what will happen with each of
these portfolios as we go. But I look at what we've seen so far. And so I mentioned that the C&I portfolio
was going to be down to about $800 million of loans still in forbearance. The bulk of that is really folks
who haven't reached their -- the end of their current term. When I look at the dealers and the floor plan
dealers that were in forbearance, I mean, basically, 98% of them have gone back to paying. When I
look at the rest of the C&I portfolio, it's about 90% have gone back to paying. And there has been some
decrease in the commercial real estate portfolio levels of forbearance. And when I look at folks who have
come up for -- or to the end of their time period so far, about 80% of them have gone back onto their
normal payment schedule. And so from what we've seen so far, about 20% have gone back or have asked
for some extension of their forbearance.

When we get to the next group that will come up, I think it's a tougher segment. And so I'm not sure I'm
bold enough to say it will be 20%. But the trends that we've seen are positive, and we know that there
are a number of clients that we've talked to that do actually plan to resume payments because they have
outside liquidity and the wherewithal to go back and maintaining their loans. As it relates to how they'll
be handled, I mean, each loan and each client will be treated individually and considered individually. And
we'll look at, first of all, are they looking for some kind of change to their terms; and if they are, are we
getting anything back? We might be able to get an interest reserve, we might be able to get a little bit
of equity, we might get a different rate. And so the combination of those things will help us go through
our determination of whether we think it qualifies as a TDR or it needs to go on nonaccrual. But I think
it's safe to say that there will be an uptick in those categories as we go into the fourth quarter and first
quarter of next year.

Saul Martinez
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Okay. So it will be treated on an individual basis then. That's helpful.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

M&T BANK CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Darren J. King
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. It goes through our normal portfolio assessment and grading process.

Saul Martinez
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Okay. Great. And presumably, you've reserved for it already under CECL. So...

Darren J. King
Executive VP & CFO

We've set up some over there. Yes.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache of Wolfe Research.

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

While we've seen some improvement in metrics like unemployment and GDP and the outlook there is
helpful, some of the CRE metrics have been going the other way. Can you give us a little bit more color
on what your outlook is contemplating for some of those key drivers of CRE performance? Some of the
industry forecasts have metrics like vacancy rates continuing to rise and commercial real estate prices
continuing to decline as we look out to 2021. I understand that shouldn't have an impact on your CECL
allowance as long as it contemplates that degradation, but it would be helpful to understand a bit better
what your expectations are, if possible.

Darren J. King
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I guess one of the most important parts of this is understanding not just what's going on but how
the loan was underwritten to start. And so when you look at a lot of our real estate portfolio, we'll speak
to multifamily, we take into account the current rents and we don't assume that there are rent increases
when we underwrite. We take into account the current vacancy, but we underwrite to a higher level of
vacancy than what exists. And another really important element is just the interest rates. And that as the
interest rates drop, that creates a lot of capacity to support these properties. And so a lot of those factors
will also help maintain collateral values. And so we've seen vacancy tick up. One of the places, obviously,
we watch a lot is in New York City. And we've seen rent collections in the 90% to 95% range, and so we
feel pretty good about that.

There hasn't really been much that's traded in terms of values to think about commercial real estate
price index, which the CREPI would be an important element in the CECL modeling. And so we haven't
seen much there. So those factors, rent changes, we would look at and look at the vacancy rate and the
realizable rent as we forecast cash flows for each of these individual borrowers and think through whether
or not they're running at a deficit or not or they're able to adjust their expense base, and then what
outside resources they have to maybe come in and maintain the properties.

And it would be a similar viewpoint on the hotel portfolio, obviously, slightly different, where you're looking
at RevPAR and you're looking at the occupancy rates. And again, we've seen -- and it depends on the
geographies, some uptick. New York has been a little bit more of a challenge, but we see that in office.
Also, so far, rent collections are holding up and strong, and people are going back into the city. At least
you're hearing announcements, particularly from the tech sector of space being under contract. And so I
guess, a little bit of a long-winded answer to say that when we look at the trends in these portfolios, we're
not seeing a severe degradation. It's gradual. And what we've watched so far, we've seen the clients doing
a very good job of adjusting their business to be able to manage the cash flow. And where they don't do
that, they often have the outside liquidity to be able to maintain the property. And I guess the question
really is how much liquidity do they have and how long can they sustain it in this environment?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

M&T BANK CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

That's really helpful. If I can squeeze in one last one?

Darren J. King
Executive VP & CFO

Yes.

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

Beyond the hedging benefits that you've discussed, can you give a bit more color on the loan and
securities portfolio paydowns on your back book, perhaps by product if possible? What's the yield
differential between with paying down all that you were deploying into today?

Darren J. King
Executive VP & CFO

I guess well, if you look at the -- I'll take the loan book separate from the securities book. On the
securities book, we basically run it for not a lot of duration risk and certainly not a lot of credit risk. And
it's -- we describe it as a barbell, where there's been a significant amount invested in 1 year treasuries or
less and then another significant amount in mortgage-backed securities. And with the mortgage-backed
securities, as they pay down, we haven't been buying additional securities at this point just given where
rates are. And those dollars are basically going into cash. And so that's part of the cash build.

Interesting, when you look at the loan portfolios, what we've seen in the last 90 days and probably started
a little bit earlier, is that the margins on new business have been increasing. And so when we look at
the returns that are being generated on new loans over the last 120 days, they're higher than what's in
the book. And so between floors going into loans, where the floors are actually active the day the loan
starts and some firming in the pricing, we're actually starting to see roll-on margins higher than roll-off
margins in the loan book. And so when you get -- it will take a little while for that to start to shift the
whole portfolio. But as you get out into 2022 and beyond, you start to see a greater proportion of that
benefit in the loan yields and the loan margin. And so it's encouraging to see where things are heading, at
least based on the last 90 days.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Brian Klock with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.

Brian Paul Klock
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Real quick. On the fee income, you talked about the deposits service charges snapping back nicely in
the quarter. When I look at the other revenues from operations, I mean, can you give us a little color on
what's going on in there? Because it feels like the overall level is sort of back to pre COVID if you get rid
of the Bayview from the first quarter. I don't know, was there anything in there when you look at BOLI or
the discount, merchant discount, any of the insurance revenues? Or is there anything in there that you can
give us color to that? Is that $107 million somewhat run ratable into the fourth?

Darren J. King
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Sure, Brian. By and large, when you look through the components in that category, we have seen a
strong snapback in merchant discount and credit cards. They're pretty much back to pre-COVID levels.
BOLI was pretty consistent as was some of the underwriting. Loan fees were up quarter-over-quarter, but
not back to pre-COVID level. And obviously, that's a function of what's going on with the activity in the
market. And then sometimes in that line item, there are some -- there's some lumpiness of things that
happen. And we were, I guess, on that line item, close to where we average. I've seen some quarters

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

M&T BANK CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

where it's [ $12 million ] higher than what we had before; and last quarter, it was particularly low. So it
might be a little bit high from where we might run rate in the fourth quarter, but there's still some spots
where there's softness, some softness in insurance and some softness still on some of the fees. We're not
quite all the way back to pre-COVID levels on loan fees and merchant card.

Brian Paul Klock
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Got it. Got it. And just a quick follow-up. Same question on the other side, the other miscellaneous costs.
Looks like they were down a little bit, lower than the run rate over the last few quarters. And usually the
fourth quarter has, like the professional services or the accounting accruals and stuff like that, that might
be in there. So should we expect that one to be kind of back up to sort of average level versus the $165
million that was in the third quarter?

Darren J. King
Executive VP & CFO

I think that the spot we're at now is probably pretty reasonable for where we are in the fourth quarter.
And barring -- the only other thing that goes through there that creates some lumpiness is if there's been
litigation costs or MSR impairment or when we took the write-down on the asset manager that we sold,
that goes through that line item. So kind of holding that stuff aside, I think we're, give or take, a few
million bucks in the right zone of where that will be for the fourth quarter.

Operator

Our final question will come from the line of Gerard Cassidy of RBC.

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

To wrap up, can you give us a comment on what you're thinking about for next year on capital action
plans? Obviously, the Fed has suspended buybacks for all the banks like your size. But what are you
guys thinking? Should the gate get lifted? And second, if it's not lifted until, let's say, the third or fourth
quarter of next year and your capital really is starting to accumulate, is a Dutch auction tender offer a
consideration to bring -- to get all the stock at once?

Darren J. King
Executive VP & CFO

So I guess, the first part of -- I'll leave the Dutch auction thing for a second. I don't really thought
much about a Dutch auction, to be honest with you. But I appreciate you always got great questions.
On deployment of capital, we'll obviously have to wait and see what comes from the Fed through the
resubmission process that we're all going through right now and if the Fed actually allows the SCB
framework to be effective. But generally, our thought process on capital deployment really isn't changing.
And that's the first place we want to deploy capital is in the service of our customers and the communities
that we do business in. And we've got the liquidity, as you can clearly see on the balance sheet and
we keep building the capital, so that we're in a position to be able to lend and support growth in the
communities. And so hopefully, we'll see some of that. And as I mentioned before, I really like the returns
that I'm seeing on some of the business right now.

After that, we'll obviously hope that we're maintaining our income, and so we can maintain the dividend.
And then we'll look at what other alternatives we have to deploy the capital. To me, the most important
thing is we'll try and return it if we've got excess and we're allowed to. But really, the key of how we've
always run the bank is to make sure that we don't take the capital that we believe to be excess and
consider it free. The -- if we sit on the capital, it's inefficient. And we'd certainly rather not do that, but
investing it in low-return businesses or low-return loans, then you're stuck in that position and that lowers
your overall returns for the organization. You're stuck with that for the length of that asset. And so we
do that from time to time to win new prospects and customers, but we wouldn't want to make a practice
out of deploying capital into low-return businesses. And so we'll see what the alternatives are, but we'll

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

M&T BANK CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

continue to manage it the way we always have, which is to be thoughtful stewards of capital and make
sure we're focused on returns.

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

And then just as a follow-up question. Clearly, you and your peers have indicated that many of your
customers have built up their liquidity in their deposit accounts because of these uncertain times. Can you
compare this to the '08, '09 time period because we had the same phenomenon of customers building up
liquidity? How long did it take, do you recall, to have those customers bring those deposits down to a more
normal level? And where do you see it for this cycle? Is it going to be as long as it was at the '08, '09?

Darren J. King
Executive VP & CFO

Well, my crystal ball is as good as yours, Gerard. But I guess, I look at the level of liquidity that we have
this time, I think people are smarter this time than they were last time. I think the industry, not the
banking industry per se, but the customers we bank have been a lot quicker to build liquidity, have been
a lot quicker to adjust their business operations to the revenue environment, and that's why we've seen
that build up. The -- I think part of what you're seeing in the liquidity also is the lack of alternatives of
places where they can invest their excess cash, right? And that doesn't make a lot of sense to have it
in sweep right now if you're a larger middle market client. It doesn't make sense to keep it in time and
money market accounts if you're a small business or a consumer because there's no rate there. And so
we're seeing it all sit liquid.

And what I think starts to happen is as things improve, you'll see some of it get deployed in hiring in
building inventory, and you'll see some of it get deployed into higher-returning asset classes from a
customer's perspective to the extent that they've got excess. And how long that takes, I think, will be
some combination of how quickly we see GDP recover and how quickly we see interest rate movement
up from here. I guess I'd just keep in mind that last time, it took us until we probably got to 75 or 100
basis points on Fed funds before people started to really move and pay attention to moving dollars out of
savings and interest checking and checking into higher-yielding types of products. So I think it's -- we're
thinking it's here for a while kind of the next 12 months. Hopefully not much longer, but we'll see how the
economy goes.

Operator

And I'd like to turn the floor back over to the management for any additional or closing remarks.

Donald J. MacLeod
Administrative VP, Assistant Secretary & Director of IR

Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, if clarification of any of the items on the call or
news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department at area code (716) 842-5138.
Thank you, and goodbye.

Operator
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

M&T BANK CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

