Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. 

NYSE:NCLH
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, November 03, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

(2.00)

Revenue  (mm)

174.91

(2.17)

153.08

NM

(1.29)

(12.48 %)

590.71

(6.94)

913.08

0.37

6095.93

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-03-2021 3:58 AM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

(2.16)

(2.06)

(2.00)

(2.00)

(2.33)

(2.03)

(1.93)

(2.17)

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

NM

NM

NM

NM

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

Jessica John
Vice President of Investor
Relations, Corporate
Communications & ESG

Mark A. Kempa
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Brandt Antoine Montour
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

James Robert Garforth Ainley
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Robin Margaret Farley
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Stephen White Grambling
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Steven Moyer Wieczynski
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Vince Charles Ciepiel
Cleveland Research Company

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference
Call. My name is Laurie, and I will be your operator. [Operator Instructions]

And as a reminder to all participants, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn
the conference over to your host, Ms. Jessica John, Vice President of Investor Relations, Corporate
Communications and ESG. Ms. John, please proceed.

Jessica John
Vice President of Investor Relations, Corporate Communications & ESG

Thank you, Laurie, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for our third quarter 2021
earnings and business update call. I'm joined today by Frank Del Rio, President and Chief Executive Officer
of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings; and Mark Kempa, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
Frank will begin the call with opening commentary, after which Mark will follow to discuss our financials
before handing the call back to Frank for closing remarks. We will then open the call for your questions.

As a reminder, this conference call is being simultaneously webcast on the company's Investor Relations
website at www.nclhltd.com/investors. We will also make reference to a slide presentation during this call,
which may also be found on our Investor Relations website.

Both the conference call and presentation will be available for replay for 30 days following today's call.
Before we begin, I would like to cover a few items. Our press release for the third quarter of 2021 results
was issued this morning and is available on our Investor Relations website. This call includes forward-
looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ
materially from such statements.

These statements should be considered in conjunction with the cautionary statement contained in our
earnings release. Our comments may also reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the
most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our
earnings release and presentation. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Frank Del Rio. Frank?

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Jessica, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. And as always, I
hope that all of you as well as your loved ones remain healthy and safe.

Today, we will discuss commentary on 3 areas: first, the progress we have made on our great cruise
come back; second, our recent booking and demand trends, which have shown particular strength for
sailings operating in the second half of '22 and for all of 2023, when our fleet is expected to be back in full
operation and at normalized occupancy levels. And finally, on our exciting pipeline of new vessels, which
we expect to contribute outsized EBITDA growth and other important financial metric improvements.

Slide 4 outlines how far we have come on our return to service plan. When we last spoke in early August,
we had just relaunched the first vessel in our fleet, Norwegian Jade in Greece, and we're on the verge of
resuming cruising in the U.S. with Norwegian Encore, making her West Coast debut, sailing to Alaska from
Seattle.

Since then, we have successfully relaunched 11 of our 28 vessels with all 3 of our award-winning brands
resuming operations. We couldn't be more pleased with the performance of our relaunch ships. First, our
crew has not missed a beat since returning, seamlessly adapting to our new health and safety protocols
and going above and beyond to deliver the exceptional vacation experiences our brands are known
for. This commitment to service has resulted in record high guest satisfaction scores with each month
sequentially better than the month before. And second, we are seeing the power of our industry-leading

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

bundling strategy pay off as guests are boarding our vessels with fresh wallets, which coupled with
robust pent-up demands for all kinds of experiences is translating to remarkably strong onboard revenue
generation.

In fact, onboard revenue has exceeded our baseline expectations by over 20% with broad-based strength
across all ships, region and revenue streams. While I would caution though, against extrapolating these
figures as permanent, or indicative of steady-state future performance just yet. As there are several
transitory factors that may be contributing to the elevated current levels, including pent-up demand, cabin
and guest mix, it is nonetheless an encouraging and positive signal of the healthy consumer demand we
are experiencing.

Lastly and most importantly, these relaunch ships have already contributed positive cash flow in the third
quarter, even with our self-imposed occupancy level caps. Despite of return to service coinciding with the
unfortunate summer surge as a Delta variant, I'm happy to say there are robust multilayered SailSAFE
health and safety protocols work as designed to mitigate the introduction and transmission of COVID-19
aboard our vessels. The prevalence of cases we identified in preboarding testing, mid cruise and then in
[indiscernible] were inconsequential and well below what we all saw in the general population during this
time.

In short, we were able to fairly evaluate and fine-tune our rigorous protocols during one of the heights of
the pandemic and the stellar results speak for themselves. Today, all ships in our fleet continue operating
with a strict 100% vaccination requirement, coupled with universal pre-embarkation testing and multiple
layers of additional protection once on board, including upgraded air filtration systems and well resourced
medical centers.

We will continue to follow the science and evaluate and modify our protocols as needed with guidance
from our team of experts led by former FDA Commissioner Dr. Scott Gottlieb and from applicable public
health authorities. As I have said time and time again, our commitment to health and safety is far and
away the most important principle that guides how our company operates at all levels.

And not just now but pre- and post-pandemic as well, and we are willing to go to great lengths to protect
our guests, crew and the communities we visit. Just last week, we were pleased to receive positive news
from the CDC with a temporary extension of the framework for conditional sailing order through January
15, 2022, at which point the order will revert to a voluntary program.

We view this as a positive step forward for our company and the industry at large, and we were
encouraged to see positive recognition by the CDC of the successful resumption of cruising and the length
we have all taken to enhance our already stringent health and safety protocols and respond to COVID-19,
which continue to be much more rigorous and much more comprehensive than those implemented by any
other travel, leisure or hospitality sector.

With the progress society has made with vaccinations, therapeutics and adapting to living in the ongoing
pandemic environment, the worst is seemingly behind us. Each day, we become increasingly confident
in our ability to flawlessly execute on our phased voyage resumption, which is detailed by brand and
by vessel on Slide 5. We continue to expect our full fleet to be back in operation by April 1, 2022. And
with the steady and improving trajectory, we are well positioned for a projected return to pre-pandemic
occupancy levels across our fleet no later than the beginning of the third quarter of 2022 and in time to
capture peak summer season demand and pricing. While we expect to continue seeing some fits and starts
as we ramp up our relaunch, we are keeping a close watch on port availability, travel restrictions and any
other changes to the global public health environment, which could affect our return to service plans as we
are ready to adapt accordingly.

Turning to Slide 6. We shift today's discussion to our booking and demand trends. I am pleased to report
that we continue to see robust future demand for cruising, particularly for sailings operating in the second
half of 2022 and all of 2023 as evidenced by our record cumulative book position during these periods.
You'll recall at the beginning of our third quarter, our book position for full year 2022 was meaningfully and
significantly ahead of 2019's record levels and at higher pricing.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

However, and consistent with the pullback seen by the broader economy and in particular, the travel
and leisure sector, the summer Delta variance surge resulted in a marked slowdown in our net booking
volumes. The impact was heavily weighted to closer in sailings, particularly for fourth quarter 2021 and
first quarter 2022, with the impact lessening sequentially throughout 2022 and beyond.

Rather than chase scarce demand during the Delta surge by dropping prices and/or spending marketing
funds in a less than optimal manner, we strategically chose to wait for consumer sentiment to rebound as
we have seen direct ebbs and flows in our booking patterns throughout the pandemic, coinciding with the
changes in the public health environment.

Throughout this difficult 10-week period, we remain disciplined and continue to hold or even raise pricing
and the outcome is that today, we see both record load and record pricing for the second half of 2022 and
for all of 2023. We are intently focused on the long-term brand positioning and profitability of the company
and are simply not willing to sacrifice pricing in order to increase load factors in the upcoming transitional
quarters.

As has happened in past surges and as the COVID-19 situation recently improved, we have experienced a
rebound in bookings with net booking volumes improving sequentially over the past 6 weeks. We believe
this improvement will accelerate moving forward as first, our brands begin to ramp up their demand-
generating marketing investments in mid-November, coinciding with Black Friday and Cyber Monday
promotion; and second, the much anticipated and expected recovery in the travel agent channel space.

And lastly, the approval of vaccines for children ages 5 to 11, which came just last night and will allow for
an expanded group of 100% vaccinated guests, especially families to sale on our brand.

Our go-to-market and full vaccination strategy has paid off and drove. And today, our full year 2022 load
factor remains in line with 2019 record levels and at higher pricing even when including the dilutive impact
of future cruise credits. In addition, we are meaningfully better booked for second half of '22 and full year
'23 sailings and at better pricing than at any similar point in time in the past. Our primary focus continues
to be on these periods when our fleet is expected to be in full operation and at normalized occupancy
levels. And as I mentioned before, just in time to capture the all-important third quarter peak summer
season, which traditionally is the most profitable quarter for the industry. Now breaking down our book
position for full year 2022 further, more than 55% of bookings are from loyal repeat cruises to our brand.

In addition, approximately 75% is comprised of new cash bookings with the remainder comprised of future
cruise credits. So far, approximately 60% of the total value of our outstanding FCCs have been redeemed.
As a reminder, the value-added 125% future cruise credits will issue -- that we issued at the beginning of
the pandemic can only be applied to sailings through year-end 2022, resulting in zero yield dilution when
we look to 2023 and beyond.

And while still early, booking trends for 2023 as I hinted thus far, are also off to an impressive start. Our
booking windows continue to be elongated versus historical levels with guests booking further into the
future, particularly for the Oceania Cruises and Regent Seven Seas Cruises brand, case in point, in August,
Regent set a record for the largest booking day in its 29-year history with the launch of its 2023, 2024
Voyage Collection. Reservation surpassed its previous record by approximately 15%.

And while all itineraries were popular, notable destinations of interest were Africa, Asia and the Baltics,
demonstrating our guests continued appetite for long and exotic itineraries. And in September, the sales
launch of just a single ship, Oceania Cruise's new 1,200 passenger Vista, which doesn't debut until April
of '23, set an all-time single-day booking record for that brand that surpassed the most recent record set
in March of 2021 by nearly 60%. Half of the available inventory for Vista's inaugural season was sold in a
single day, with 30% of bookings coming from new-to-brand guests.

These incredible record-breaking milestones are further proof of the exceptional demand we continue to
experience for our brand's unique product offerings from both new and loyal guests alike. Strong future
demand in both load, factor and pricing is also empirically evident in our advanced ticket sales build. Our
advanced ticket sales increased approximately $500 million on a gross basis in the quarter, equating to an
approximately 65% increase versus the prior quarter's build.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

In addition, and more importantly, our cash advance ticket sales for sailings beginning in the second
quarter of 2022 and beyond, are approximately 45% higher than at the same time for the record year
2019. As we move forward with phasing in the rest of our fleet, we expect this tremendous momentum to
continue sequentially. Looking to the future, 2022 will also mark an exciting new chapter for our company
as we welcome the first ship in the next class of vessels for Norwegian Cruise Line, Norwegian Prima in
summer of 2022.

I just returned from the shipyard in Italy a few weeks ago, while I was able to witness firsthand what
an evolution Prima is for the Norwegian brand and for the industry at large, which you can see on Slide
7. Everything about her was impressive. As she has been meticulously designed to elevate the guest
experience.

Last month, we unveiled Prima's entertainment lineup, including its interactive headline show, the Tony
Award nominated musical summer, the Donna Summer Musical. Norwegian Prima will also showcase
numerous cruise industry first and new-to-brand experiences, including the world's first transforming
venue that converts a 3-story theater into a Vegas-style nightclub, exhilarating freefall drop-dry slide and
a tri-level 1,200-foot long racetrack, the largest at see.

The Prima speedway will be the first-ever 3-level racetrack and is over 20% larger than that on Norwegian
Encore, featuring 14 turns where drivers can reach speeds of nearly 40 miles per hour. Prima's advanced
sales continue to impress even after her record-shattering sales debut in May, which set a single best
booking day and best initial booking week record, doubling the previous record set by Norwegian Bliss in
2018.

And despite her introduction being 6 weeks later than Norwegian Bliss, her booking volumes are trending
in line with that of Bliss, the previous fastest selling new builds for the line and at materially higher prices.
As you can see on Slide 8, Norwegian Prima is just the first ship to look forward to in our industry-leading
growth profile of 9 world-class ships coming online through 2027.

These new builds will grow our berth count by approximately 40%, adding 24,000 additional berths
across our 3 brands. In 2023, when our fleet is back in full force, we expect our berth capacity to be
approximately 20% higher than 2019's pre-endemic levels. The addition of these new cutting-edge ships
will also favorably change our cabin mix, as illustrated on Slide 9, with premium cabins increasing to
approximately 65% of total berths, versus approximately 60% today.

In addition to the premium mix of real estate on board, our new ships have all the bells and whistles,
additional streams for onboard revenue generation with new and innovative experiences and the latest
technology to improve efficiency versus our existing fleet. Excitement around new ship is also a significant
demand driver and a powerful engine to fuel future yields, EBITDA, cash flow and ROIC growth. It brings
new guests to our brand, and it brings back repeat guests as well, helping us to appeal to every segment
that we are targeting. And given our base of only 28 ships in our fleet, we are ready and eager to easily
and profitably absorb this new capacity as it will allow us to further diversify our product offerings and
penetrate numerous attractive and high potential unserved and underserved markets globally.

The strategic addition of the Prima and Prima Plus Class, for example, which are smaller but more upscale
than our previous Breakaway and Breakaway Plus Class at approximately 3,200 berths for the first 2
Prima Class ships and increasing to nearly 3,600 berths for the next 4 Prima Plus Class ships will give us
additional bandwidth and flexibility to optimize the deployments that are most profitable and allow the line
to continue commanding premium pricing with the right size shift in the right place and at the right time.

And as Slide 10 shows we have historically demonstrated, our success in not only absorbing capacity, but
translating this capacity growth into outsized revenue, outside adjusted EBITDA and operating cash flow
growth that significantly outpaces the growth in absolute capacity. We fully expect to continue this trend
and drive meaningful growth to the top and bottom line with the addition of these exciting new ships. I'll
be back here to provide an update on our ESG efforts as well as provide closing remarks. But for now, I'd
like to turn the call over to Mark for a financial update. Mark?

Mark A. Kempa

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Frank. We reached a significant financial milestone in the third quarter with our first voyages
resuming sailing after a previously unimaginable 500-plus days with zero revenue-generating operations.
Our return to service has been very successful, and we remain on track to execute on our phased voyage
resumption plan. By the end of the third quarter, we had started 37 voyages, completed 29 and had 8
ships in service, representing approximately 40% of our berth capacity.

Occupancy in the third quarter was approximately 57%, in line with our expectations and reflecting our
self-imposed occupancy limits. As we have outlined previously, we have taken a conservative approach to
occupancy with our voyage resumption, which proved to be prudent with the rise of the Delta variant to
ensure that health and safety remains our #1 priority. Increasing our occupancy is not a race, and we are
focused on being diligent and thoughtful in ramping up of occupancy levels to protect not just our guests
and crew, but also our long-term brand equity. Despite the reduced occupancy levels in the quarter, I am
extremely happy to report that the fleet that operated in the period was cash flow positive.

Looking ahead, by year-end, we expect to have 17 ships representing approximately 75% of capacity
back in service with the full fleet operating as we enter the second quarter 2022. Turning to liquidity
and cash burn on Slide 11. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.9 billion of cash and cash
equivalents. In addition, earlier this week, we further enhanced our liquidity profile by entering into a $1
billion commitment through mid-August 2022. This liquidity backstop enhances our financial flexibility and
provides immediate and additional liquidity should the need arise.

If drawn, the commitment would convert into an unsecured note, maturing in April 2024. For sake of
clarity, we have not drawn on this facility and do not intend to do so given our current projected recovery
at this time. As for cash burn for the third quarter, our average monthly cash burn rate was approximately
$275 million, lower than prior guidance of $285 million. For the fourth quarter, we expect our average
monthly cash burn to increase to approximately $350 million as we continue to ramp up restart expenses
and as this additional vessels reenter service. During the quarter, we are expecting a ramp-up of demand-
generating marketing investments as we head into the holidays with Black Friday, Cyber Monday and Wave
season.

It is important to note that this cash burn estimate does not include our expected cash inflows from both
new and existing bookings or the contribution from ships that have reentered service, both of which we
expect to accelerate as we move forward. On a net basis, based on our current resumption plan, we
continue to expect to reach a crucial inflection point with operating cash flow turning positive towards the
tail end of the first quarter of 2022.

In addition, based on our current trajectory and market conditions, we are on a solid path to return
to profitability for the second half of 2022. Turning to Slide 12. Our cash balance in the third quarter
decreased to $1.9 billion of cash and equivalents, driven by approximately $825 million of operating cash
burn, including OpEx expenses, SG&A, interest and CapEx, customer cash refunds of approximately $115
million and net working capital and other inflows of approximately $125 million, which is net of health and
safety investments and cash collections from current and future voyages. With 2022 now just around the
corner, we have provided some additional guidance to assist with modeling for certain metrics on Slide 17,
including depreciation and amortization, interest expense, fuel consumption and capital expenditures.

In addition, we have provided detail on our annual capacity growth expectations on Slide 18. As we gear
up to deliver on our impressive growth profile through 2027, which we expect to be meaningfully accretive
to both earnings and cash flow generation. Lastly, with much of the focus in the market on inflationary
pressure, I wanted to touch quickly on what we are experiencing. We are still fine-tuning our 2022 plans
and related projections, and we'll provide more color on our cost outlook on our next earnings call.

However, similar to almost all other industries, we are seeing pockets of pressures in areas such as fuel,
food and other commodities. Our supply chain group continues to work diligently to mitigate these costs,
and we are fortunate that the timing of our ramp-up in operations is relieving some of the transitory
cost pressures. The good news is that we are a primarily fixed cost business, which is beneficial in an
inflationary environment. On the labor front, we have a high degree of visibility on our costs as the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

vast majority of our crew, which comprises the bulk of our employee base are covered under multiyear
agreements. On the flip side, we are also seeing very strong pricing power, which is helping to offset
inflationary pressure.

Even with the pricing power we are seeing, cruise vacations continue to offer an incredibly compelling
value proposition versus a land-based vacation alternative. We have said in the past that a cruise vacation
typically offers at least 20% to 30% better value than a similar land-based alternative. With the current
inflationary backdrop, and on a relative scale, we believe our offering and value proposition is even more
compelling now than ever before.

Without the same labor market pressures that many of our land-based peers are experiencing, we can
provide a consistent and exceptional level of service for our guests, which is evidenced by our record
high guest satisfaction scores since resuming sailing. These factors combined will continue to allow us
to further increase our prices on our multiyear strategy to achieving pricing parity to that of land-based
vacation offerings.

Before handing the call back to Frank, I want to reiterate that while the global public health environment
remains fluid, and we are not yet completely out of the woods, we are increasingly optimistic as we
continue on our road to recovery.

We are now in a position to pivot to a more offensive approach and shift our attention to executing on
our medium- and long-term financial recovery plan, which is outlined on Slide 13. As part of this plan, we
will remain focused on rebuilding our strong track record of financial performance, optimizing our balance
sheet and delivering on our attractive and disciplined growth profile. I look forward to updating you on our
progress in our next call. But for now, I'll hand the call back over to Frank to provide closing commentary.
Frank?

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Mark. Before we wrap up our prepared remarks, I'd like to provide an update on our global
sustainability program, Sail and Sustain on Slide 14. We are committed to driving a positive impact on
society and the environment through the advancement of this program. On the environmental front, in
addition to ongoing initiatives to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions rate, during the quarter, we made
the first purchase under our new carbon offset program. As a reminder, over the summer, we announced
that we have committed to purchasing high-quality, verified carbon credits to offset the equivalent of 3
million metric tons of carbon dioxide over a 3-year period.

This is a measurable step in near-term emissions reductions, which will help bridge the gap in our
decarbonization efforts until new technologies become feasible. Our 3 million-ton commitment is sizable,
and we plan to increase offset purchases in future years to help us reach our goal of carbon neutrality. We
also strive to maintain a supportive and empowering workplace for our team members across the globe
who are without doubt our most valuable asset.

As such, we recently announced that we have been definitely moved to a 4/1 flexible work model for our
shoreside team members globally, which requires employees to work in office Monday through Thursday
and remotely on Friday. This new work model allows us to provide additional flexibility for our team
members while also supporting our business goals, maintaining productivity and fostering the in-person
collaboration and workplace culture that we are so proud of. We are honored that this commitment to our
team was recognized with our naming to the Forbes World's Best Employers list. This recognition came
after also being named to the Forbes' America's Best Employers list earlier this year in which we ranked
among the top 75 companies in the overall large employer category and among the top 10 companies in
the travel and leisure sector.

And while we are pleased with the progress we have made to date on our ESG efforts, we have no plans
to stop here. We are committed to continuing to drive positive change and make a lasting impact on
the world as responsible corporate citizens. In addition, we remain focused on enhancing disclosures

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

around our ESG efforts to ensure transparency and accountability around this critical topic for our key
stakeholders. And I look forward to sharing additional details with you as we continue on our ESG journey.

Turning to Slide 15. I'd like to leave you with a few final key takeaways. First, our return to service is on
track and initial voyages have been successful on all fronts. Our health and safety protocols are working
as intended, and we are seeing strong onboard revenue and high guest satisfaction scores. We are
increasingly confident in our ability to execute on our phased voyage resumption plan with a target to
have our full fleet in operation by April 1 of next year. Despite headwinds in the third quarter related to
the Delta variant, we continue to experience strong future demand for cruising with positive booking and
pricing trends, particularly for the back half of 2022 and throughout 2023.
And lastly, we believe we are nearing an inflection point with the worst of the pandemic now appearing
to be behind us. Our future is bright, and we look forward to the next chapter in our company's storied
history as we deliver on our industry-leading growth profile, which we expect will provide a meaningful
boost to our financial results and shareholder value in the coming years. And with that, Laurie, let's open
up for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

Our first question comes from Stephen Grambling of Goldman Sachs.

Stephen White Grambling
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I know you don't want to give too much color on 2022 yet, but I would love to just hear any kind
of guardrails to think about for a load factor over the course of the year. And then maybe looking
longer term, as you compare and contrast the company versus 2019, what structural changes are
you contemplating as it relates to either itineraries, marketing approaches or otherwise as you assess
consumer behavior and changes to your own operations?

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

That's a mouthful, Steve, but I'll try to get through it. Look, we thought we have perfected our itineraries,
our deployment. And so I don't see major changes in how we deploy our vessels in '22 and beyond,
assuming even if the world reopens. Today, the world is in the process of reopening. As you know, Asia is
still primarily closed.

But we believe that by the time our next Asia season begins, which would be about this time in '22, that
it will be open. We do have new vessels coming online, like I said, for over the next 2 years, and we're
eager to take possession of those vessels. We said time and time again, we have many unserved and
underserved markets because we only have a fleet of 28 vessels. So we're anxiously awaiting the receipt
of those vessels, which we believe will be accretive to the yields and certainly EBITDA and ROIC and all
the financial metrics.

Turning to 2022. We have to start looking at '22 not as a year, not as a block but sequentially, certainly,
the back half of '22 today is looking much better than the first half, partly because of the effects of the
Delta variant and on booking trends and consumer behavior will affect Q1 more than Q2 and Q2 more
than Q3.

But sequentially, 2022 is ramping up very, very nicely. We said in our prepared remarks, the back half of
'22 today is meaningfully and significantly better booked than we were at this time for 2019 or any year.
So we're way ahead in load and that gives us confidence to continue with the price discipline because
today, not only do we have that meaningful load, but we're ahead in pricing.

So I feel very, very good about 2022, and I can make the same identical remarks about '23. Ahead in
load, meaningfully, and ahead in pricing. Q2 is a -- what I would really call the pivot quarter. We see our
demand coming back strongly for '22. But as you know, we're -- we still have -- by the end of the year,
we'll have 17 ships in the water. That means that we're going to introduce 11 vessels between January 1
and April 1, and those will be ramping up. And so second quarter will be a transition year -- a transitioning
quarter where all the vessels will be in operation. But we look -- we feel very, very good about Q2 as well.
So look, I'm feeling better than I have in nearly 2 years. Advanced bookings are strong.

One of the wonderful things about this industry is that we have incredible visibility into the future. And
because consumers are booking earlier than ever as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we have
visibility into -- further into the future than we ever have, and that visibility is a very positive one.

Stephen White Grambling
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Perhaps as a quick follow-up. When you look at the strong booking trends in the back half of the year,
can you provide any color on the composition between new-to-brand or new-to-cruise versus the existing
customer base and what's driving that?

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

Look, I think it's not much different than what I -- what we said earlier, about 55% are repeat or is slightly
higher than normal. We've moderated our marketing spend. And so when you moderate your marketing
spend, you tend to go to that segment of the market that you know best, that's the easiest and least
expensive to go after, and that's our past guests. So we have a little bit of an elevated past guest, which is
good.

They know the brand, that's what you want. We're not getting ready to roll out our big marketing push
in anticipation of ways to promote Black Friday, to promote Cyber Monday. And we have high hopes for a
very, very good Wave season.

Operator

And our next question is from Brandt Montour of JPMorgan.

Brandt Antoine Montour
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Frank or Mark, I was hoping you could provide a little bit more color on occupancy near term, perhaps
maybe exit rate coming out of the third quarter or maybe even better. Just talk a little bit about the self-
imposed caps and how you foresee your ability to raise those in the next, call it, 2 to 5 months?

Mark A. Kempa
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, look, so third quarter was in line with our expectations. I think we had roughly 57% occupancy. As
we've said time and time and again, we're not in a race to just fill volume. We want to maintain price
discipline, and we're going to do that. When we look ahead at the fourth quarter, we're going to have, I
believe, 17 ships in operation, approximately 75% of our capacity. And as we continue in the first quarter,
we'll have almost our entire fleet operational effectively by the end of the first quarter.

So rather than look at occupancy, I think a better metric is looking at the number of passengers that we're
carrying. I think in the third quarter, we had about 60,000 roughly passengers carried. That's going to
increase to roughly 150,000, 175,000 in Q4. 250,000 or to 300,000 in Q1 and then you're up back into
the 0.5 million. So our occupancy is ramping up in line with our fleet rollout.

Pricing discipline is important to us. We've said time and time and again, we want to protect that. We want
to protect the long-term brand equity. So we're going to do it in a thoughtful and rational manner rather
than chasing that cheap customer just to gain that point of occupancy.

Brandt Antoine Montour
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Mark, that's helpful. And then as a follow-up, I think one of the themes of travel and leisure this quarter is
just trying to figure out how long the pent-up demand can last and positively impact consumer spend.

Frank, I was wondering if you wanted to just give some thoughts on the onboard spend picture. And is
there any reason why it doesn't eventually revert to 2019 levels? Anything structural you would call out as
why it might settle above those levels going forward?

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

In terms of your pent-up demand question, no one has a crystal ball. All I can tell you is the empirical
evidence that we have based on bookings people are booking out -- booking further out than ever before.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

That's the combination of the fact that we have introduced iConcierge earlier than ever. So they're
available for sale. But people's -- the psyche of the consumer, they want to cruise, they want to travel,
maybe they don't want to travel this quarter or maybe even next quarter and they're pushing it out further
and further, hoping that the COVID situation improves drastically. So I do believe that we're going to
continue having greater visibility than we've had in the past then that will continue for some time.

In terms of onboard revenue, look, we see the consumer spending across lots of different sectors are up
and it's no different onboard our vessels. As you know, we lead the industry by a very wide margin in
onboard yield, onboard revenue yield and that continues. I cautioned in my prepared remarks that I'm not
ready to declare victory in a sense that the very positive trends in onboard revenue higher than they've
ever been before, will continue indefinitely and then you can put it in the permanent column because it's
just too early.

Is the reason why people are spending so much because of the pent-up demand. Is it because of cabin
mix. We're at least in the third quarter, and you'll see it in the fourth quarter as well, slightly elevated
percentage of our cabins that have sold are in the upper categories, the suites, the balcony cabins. And
one of the truisms of this business is those who pay more to get on board, pay or spend more once on
board.

But it also goes to the fundamental strength of our industry-leading bundling strategy. We believe in the
bundling strategy. We're doing more and more bundling across the 3 brands and that gives people a very
fresh wallet because the combination of them booking further out means they have even more time to
refill that wallet and make it even fresher, if you will.

And so all these factors are contributing to the higher onboard spend. I hope it continues. We'll do
everything possible to fuel that continuation. But I just wanted to throw a little bit of caution to the win
that I'm not ready to chalk it up as a permanent shift, if you will, or a permanent source of revenue above
and beyond what we've always led the industry on.

Mark A. Kempa
Executive VP & CFO

And Brandt, one -- just one piece of additional color there is we are getting smarter, not only with the
bundling but our marketing systems around the pre-onboard sell. We're getting smarter throughout the
booking cycle. We started really working on that heavily a couple of years ago, and we started to see
some fruit bearing on that in 2019. So again, that's just going to be another propellent to help us. But I
think as Frank has said, we'd be naive to think that there's not going to be some settling.

Operator

Our next question is from Vince Ciepiel of Cleveland Research.

Vince Charles Ciepiel
Cleveland Research Company

I'd be curious, a lot of moving pieces as it relates to occupancy ramp and it sounds like pricing is quite
strong. You alluded to some cost pressures in the business. Fuel prices are up. Curious on the other side
of this exiting next year when hopefully, things are more back to normal, what do you think the margin
opportunity is within the business going into even '23. And if you think efficiencies gained can put your
margins higher than they were pre-COVID?

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

Vince, look, I think we're setting ourselves up nicely for margin expansion and ROIC improvement. It's
quite so important to keep that pricing discipline. We've seen time and time again that companies that
dropped prices as we saw back in 2008 and 2009, during the Great Recession, it takes years. There are
some who have not yet recovered to their pre-great recession yields, a decade later, or more than a
decade later. So we're fixated on maintaining pricing. We'll sacrifice short-term load factors in order to
preserve long-term pricing.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

And long-term pricing at the end of the day is what's going to drive margins, along with the fact that we're
going to be introducing 4 vessels that our premium -- including the Norwegian new Prima vessels, more
balcony cabins. We're increasing our percentage of the -- of our premium accommodations to 65%.

And so all those factors, including the fact that we're getting -- we have gone a lot smarter during
the pandemic about how we market to our customers using technologies. The so-called Zoom world,
marketing is becoming more efficient. And we'll see whether the general inflation pressures that are being
called transitory are transitory or not.

But as Mark mentioned, we are primarily a fixed cost business. And during inflationary times, we come out
ahead. And we're seeing it that we have pricing power. Pricing power is the pretty word of inflation. Yes,
we have inflation pressures on some line items, as Mark mentioned, fuel, commodities, food, but we've
got that pricing power that is translating into high yield. So we believe that in late '22, '23 forward, our
margins should improve.

Mark A. Kempa
Executive VP & CFO

And Vince, on those -- on the new capacity that comes online, generally speaking, as we're bringing new
capacity, it tends to be anywhere from 10% to 15% more efficient on a unit basis. So that inherently
provides some tailwind for us as we move forward. And with our growth profile, I think we can -- there's
some tremendous opportunity there.

Vince Charles Ciepiel
Cleveland Research Company

Great. As a follow-up to that, I thought your comments were interesting [indiscernible] cruising,
relative to land-based alternatives. If you look at hotel, leisure prices are a good amount ahead of 2019
levels. Curious if there's any way to kind of quantify that gap? I mean do you see it being a significant
opportunity, 10%, 20% of value relative to land based? Or anyway to qualify moving towards parity of
land-based and what that can mean for yield?

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

Look, I think there's a great opportunity, and you have to do it almost brand by brand. You want to
compare a Regent Cruise to a stay at a Four Seasons hotel, you want to compare a Norwegian Cruise to
perhaps a Sheraton or a Hyatt.

But I can tell you that all the internal analysis that we do, when you combine the cost -- the total cost of
a vacation, transportation, accommodations, your meals, your drinks, entertainment in any location, a
cruise vacation's value is just off the charts. And while we want to continue offering consumers that great
value, which is why our ships are always full, the industry ships are always full, hotel chains can't say that
their hotel rooms are always full, but we can because of the value proposition, the way we market, and
therefore, that's where the opportunity is. The opportunity is to claw back some of that value that we're
giving away and still provide consumers with a very attractive vacation experience.

Mark A. Kempa
Executive VP & CFO

And every dollar we compare -- we can claw back in that gap, the vast majority of that drops directly to
the bottom line. So it really becomes this really bottom line economic driver pretty quickly. So we're very,
very focused on that.

Operator

Our next question is from Steven Wieczynski of Stifel.

Steven Moyer Wieczynski
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

So Frank, going to ask you another question about load factors and kind of getting that path -- the path
back to normalized load factors while you talked about the third quarter of next year. I'm just wondering
if you could elaborate on that a little bit more. It seems like the most debatable vaccine demographic, so
to speak, is obviously around kids, meaning that it seems a lot of parents are not going to get their kids
vaccinated. So I guess the actual question here is once this CSO is eventually relaxed in January, do you
see yourself starting to potentially relax that vaccine mandate for kids in order to get your load factors
back to normal? Or that just won't be the case? And if that's not the case, maybe help us bridge that gap.

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Steve, I don't -- we're going to announce very, very soon that we have indefinitely extended our
100% vaccination requirement. I think that today, that continues to be a competitive advantage to
our 3 brands, I think that our 3 brands emerge from this COVID crisis in a much better standing in the
consumer's eyes because of our strong early stands on health and safety, vaccinations, et cetera, and it's
something we want to build on.

The children's vaccination, for 5- to 11-year-olds were just announced yesterday. My understanding is that
likely sometime in Q1, the same vaccination approval be given for up to 4 year olds. So I do believe that
the target market that cruise is, is more likely than general population to, number one, be vaccinated. We
see time and time again where a cruiser, a past cruiser or one who intends to cruise is significantly more
vaccinated than those who don't intend to cruise.

So it's a bit of a self-selection situation. I believe that will translate also into children. But we're not
going to sacrifice the health and safety of anyone for the sake of adding a point or 2 or 3 or whatever the
number is to load. So we will continue mandating 100% vaccination as long as the science dictates that,
that's what we ought to do.

Steven Moyer Wieczynski
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Understood. Second question would be around direct booking. And it seems to us from the outside that
direct bookings are -- have moved a good bit higher relative to pre-pandemic levels. And I'm wondering if
that's kind of what you guys are seeing as well and maybe what you think is potentially driving that? And
is this something that could change long-term booking patterns? Or is it just something else that's causing
uplift right now in direct?

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

No, we've seen it as well. We're hoping that the travel agent community comes back in full force. They've
also been out of work. And unlike the big public cruise companies that can go to Wall Street and raise
billions of dollars, these are mostly smaller businesses and they can't. And so I'm praying and hoping that
they do come back in full force.

But at the end of the day, we have to fill our vessels in any way we can. And we do offer consumers
multiple choices of how to engage with us. We prefer the travel agency channel. It is our biggest channel.
It is coming back. We've seen improvement sequentially quarter-by-quarter in terms of the percentage
of our business that is being booked by travel agents. And I do believe that once our fleet is back in
operation along with that of our peers, that they will come back. But if not, we have adapted. We are
prepared. We have the technology. We have the wherewithal to take the bookings.

Operator

And our next question is from James Ainley of Citi.

James Robert Garforth Ainley
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Could I ask you maybe for some color on the brand performances. I guess the data we are tracking
suggests that the higher-end brands have been garnering much stronger interest. Is that something
you're seeing? Or are you seeing that demand spreading out down the brand scales, please?

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

Well, look, the upscale brands, the luxury brands, typically book further out than the contemporary brands
because their itineraries are longer, more exotic and therefore the planning process. And so we do have
more visibility into -- especially into 2023 on the Oceania and the Regent brands than we do in Norwegian.

But we're seeing steady progress throughout the ecosystem, the Norwegian brand customer coming back
and booking as they normally would book, except that for second half of '22 and in all of '23, that booking
volume is better than ever. And so we're very pleased with that, that the demand is such that consumers
want to cruise. And as I said earlier, everything else being equal, they feel more confident being able to
cruise in Q3 of next year than in Q1, for example, because of the ever present threat of the -- of COVID.

And as COVID starts to fade into the background, all the experts have said, COVID is not going to go away
in 1 day. It will pivot from being a pandemic to an epidemic and we'll all have to learn to live with it. We
may have to take COVID-booster shots every year like the flu. But I do -- I am encouraged to see how in
different parts of the world, and I traveled internationally for the first time in the last few weeks, went to
Italy, went to the U.K., went to New York for the first time in almost 2 years, how people have adapted.

And like I said earlier, the cruising population, the target cruiser is a better versed individual than the
average population. They can afford to cruise. They're better vaccinated. And so all those points, I'm
encouraged that, again, the pandemic is not going to go away or the COVID is never going to disappear,
but we will learn to live with it.

James Robert Garforth Ainley
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Great. And as a follow-up, could I ask about how you're handling the sort of operating restrictions. I mean
are you able to sail your ships to the majority of places you want to go to? And I suppose the reason I'm
asking is, a loyal Regent Seven Seas customer might come back for one cruise, but then it's looking for
something new and something different. And do you feel that you can offer enough variety given the kind
of state of, port restrictions as you see them today?

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

We are -- the short answer is yes. The longer answer is we are staging the return of our vessels, not
haphazardly, but in a very measured way, based on the availability of ports. And so by the time that our
entire fleet is operating, which will be very early in Q2 on April 1, we believe that the seasonal nature of
the cruise industry being heavily in Alaska and Europe, beginning in Q2 throughout Q3 that the world will
be open.

By the time we get to Q4 of '22 and you start sailing to exotic places throughout Asia, South America.
We believe that by then, the closures that we are seeing today will abate. And so yes, itineraries are a
big deal. It's one of the secret sauce ingredients that make our company the highest yielding company
because we go to high-yielding itineraries with wonderful vessels that have a lot of cabins that are with
balconies and Suites which, as I said many times, is the second driver of yield after itineraries. We believe
all those pressures that we're seeing today will subside by the time that our operations are back in full.

Operator, I think we have time for one more question.

Operator

Our last question is from Robin Farley of UBS.

Robin Margaret Farley

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I wanted to ask a balance sheet question. You mentioned in the slides, before returning to paying
dividends that you wanted to focus on the balance sheet. I'm just wondering if there's kind of a targeted
leverage range you're thinking? And then kind of a related on the balance sheet is -- I'm curious why is
the $1 billion facility undrawn? You're so close to positive cash flow and you have no big maturities in the
next 2 years. Just kind of curious behind setting that up.

Mark A. Kempa
Executive VP & CFO

Robin. So yes, first, covering the targeted leverage. Pre-pandemic, we had said our goal was to get to that
2.5x, 2.75x range, and we haven't lost sight of that. But I think when we look at the near and midterm,
our first goal is going to be to get -- let's get below 5x, and then we're going to target to get below 4x. So
we're going to continue to take a chop it down year after year with accelerating cash flows and get that
back down into that 3x, 4x. It's going to take some time to do that, but we're focused on it. We've done it
before. We know how to do it, this management team. So we're confident we can get there. We have the
ability and the business.

In terms of the $1 billion commitment, look, I think as we look forward, I stated in my remarks that we're
now going into a more offensive approach -- offensive approach around our balance sheet management.
So what this does is this really is -- we look at it as a very low cost, but yet effective backstop rather than
us having to necessarily go out and commit to permanent debt and/or permanent further dilution. So it is
an extremely low cost measure to have on the books, which will allow us independently of that, to start
taking some balance sheet action and not have to worry about the broader picture.

So again, we do not intend to draw on it. Our intention is not to draw on it. We have the facility there, as
part of our larger game plan. But in the event we need to draw on it or something in that nature, most
likely or more than likely, we would go out to the public markets and go after some paper that is much
more cost effective. So again, in balancing all of our needs, we think this provides a backstop without
committing us for any long-term additional debt and/or dilution.

And look, one additional thought is that we've seen what Delta does, and we want to make sure we're
always in a position to be ahead of some of the unknown. So again, this is more of us going to an
offensive approach in terms of our balance sheet on a go-forward basis.

Robin Margaret Farley
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Okay. Great. That makes sense. Maybe just one final thing. Are you back to issuing future cruise credits
again when you have to cancel a cruise, which I realize there's not probably that...

Mark A. Kempa
Executive VP & CFO

No. We stopped that, I believe, in the -- either at the end of 2020 or the first quarter -- end of first
quarter of 2021, actually much earlier than that, I'm sorry, mid-2020, I think it was. So we have not
issued future cruise credits. I want to say probably since second quarter-ish of '20. I might be off there
slightly, but generally speaking, that was the time frame.

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Robin. And thank you, everyone, for your time and support today. We will be available to
answer any of your questions a little later on. So have a great day, and stay safe.

Mark A. Kempa
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, everyone. Bye-bye.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Operator
And this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

