Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. 

NYSE:NCLH
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, February 25, 2021 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

(2.16)

(2.33)

NM

(1.83)

(8.45)

(8.64)

NM

(5.40)

3.35

9.58

185.97

54.00

1273.07

1279.91

0.54

2051.16

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-25-2021 2:01 PM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

(0.69)

(2.28)

(2.22)

(2.16)

(0.99)

(2.78)

(2.35)

(2.33)

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

NM

NM

NM

NM

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andrea DeMarco
Vice President of Investor
Relations & Corporate
Communications

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

Mark A. Kempa
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Brandt Antoine Montour
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Ivan Philip Feinseth
Tigress Financial Partners LLC,
Research Division

Jaime M. Katz
Morningstar Inc., Research
Division

Robin Margaret Farley
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Stephen White Grambling
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Steven Moyer Wieczynski
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Vince Charles Ciepiel
Cleveland Research Company

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020
Earnings Conference Call. My name is Josh, and I will be your operator. [Operator Instructions] As a
reminder to all participants, this conference call is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Ms. Andrea DeMarco, Senior Vice President of
Investor Relations, Corporate Communications and ESG. Ms. DeMarco, please proceed.

Andrea DeMarco
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

Thank you, Josh, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter and full
year 2020 earnings call. I'm joined today by Frank Del Rio, President and Chief Executive Officer of
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings; and Mark Kempa, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
Frank will begin the call with opening commentary, after which Mark will follow to discuss results for the
quarter before handing the call back to Frank for closing remarks. We will then open the call for your
questions.

As a reminder, this conference call is being simultaneously webcast on the company's Investor Relations
website at www.nclhltdinvestor.com. We will also make reference to a slide presentation during this call,
which may also be found on our Investor Relations website. Both the conference call and presentation will
be available for replay for 30 days following today's call.

Before we discuss our results, I'd like to cover just a few items. Our press release with our fourth quarter
and full year 2020 results was issued this morning and is available on our Investor Relations website.

This call includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our
actual results to differ materially from such statements. These statements should be considered in
conjunction with the cautionary statements contained in our earnings release. Our comments may also
reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial
measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and our presentation.

With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Frank Del Rio. Frank?

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Andrea, and good morning. I hope that everyone joining us today as well as your loved ones
remain healthy and safe.

Similar to our last few earnings calls, we will focus our commentary today on the progress of our response
to the global COVID-19 pandemic; the overall booking and pricing environment, which has shown
particular strength in recent weeks; and our view of what the month ahead may look like as we prepare
for an eventual return to service.

To say that 2020 was challenging would be an incredible understatement as it was, without a doubt, the
toughest and most difficult year in our company's 50-plus year history. After a record-breaking 2019, the
foundation was well set for 2020 to be even a more successful year. That upward trajectory, however,
quickly changed last March. And 2020 instead became a year of great hardship and disappointment and
one in which we had to rely on our nimbleness and our ability to adapt by taking swift, proactive and
decisive actions to overcome the multifaceted challenges presented by the pandemic.

These actions included bringing our entire fleet to a halt literally overnight, followed by the complex
logistics of safely returning more than 50,000 of our guests home. Next came the challenge of repatriating

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2021

over 25,000 of our crew members and finding safe haven for our 28 vessels, all while transitioning them to
various states of reduced manning.

We quickly bolstered our liquidity through multiple capital market transactions, totaling in excess of
$6 billion and led the industry in establishing cutting-edge health and safety standards through the
cofounding of the Healthy Sail Panel. I'm incredibly proud and profoundly grateful for the dedication and
perseverance demonstrated by our team members who continue to adapt, innovate and flawlessly execute
while faced with unprecedented challenges. The tremendous efforts of our team are what have enabled
our company to prove our resilience, time and again in the past and gives me confidence we will do so
again.

As we survey the current public health situation, both in America and around the world, it is extraordinary
to consider just how much has transpired in the few months since our last update. As expected, the fourth
quarter resurgence of the virus drove caseload to record highs, resulting in renewed lockdown and stricter
global travel restrictions. During this time, perhaps the most important breakthrough though was the
needed -- to defeat the pandemic was the coming online of several vaccines that were authorized for
emergency use. Fast forward to today and caseloads across the globe have been in decline since mid-
January, while simultaneously, vaccination programs are ramping up where currently over 6 million doses
are being administered globally daily, a number that will only increase as manufacturing, distribution and
health care systems align.

So where does that put us in the cruise industry? In reality, we're not sure. But directionally, we're headed
in the right direction to an eventual restart of cruising. Public health experts do predict that caseload,
while already on the downside, will continue to decline primarily for 3 reasons: first, a significant portion of
the population has already been infected and recovered; second, the number of individuals vaccinated will
rapidly increase; and lastly, we will soon move into the less troublesome spring and summer season. All 3
of these factors are expected to combine to begin establishing herd immunity sometime during the third
quarter, with the spread of variants and the durability of vaccine protection being the 2 main variables that
could slow down but not completely halt the rapid progress being made.

And while we are moving in the right direction, scientists continue to caution that we are not yet out of
the woods, the crisis is far from over and we must all remain vigilant and ready to adapt to the ongoing
fluidity of the public health environment. Our industry has recently seen some encouraging green shoots.
After the first quarter resurgence caused nascent cruise operations in Europe to temporarily halt, several
European cruise lines have since resumed or are planning to return to service in the next few weeks,
sourcing EU nationals from Italy and Germany. The hope and expectation is that by late spring, sailings
will expand to include cross-border European nationals, and eventually, likely during the third quarter,
international guests, as virus prevalence decreases to manageable level.

Shifting to our company's recent events since our last earnings call, several key milestones marked the
fourth quarter, which can be found on Slide 3 of our presentation. These include 2 capital raises, resulting
in approximately $1.7 billion of additional liquidity; new debt deferral amendments providing additional
financial flexibility; and continued progress on our environmental, social and governance initiatives, which
I will touch on in more detail later in the call.

On Slide 4, we outlined the actions we have undertaken as we continue to navigate through this crisis,
remaining focused on what we can control. Subsequent to the issuance of the CDC's Conditional Sail
Order in October, we anticipated a return to service in the first quarter of 2021. Since it takes up to 90
days to ready a ship to re-enter servers from layup status, we initiated a phased crew restaffing of select
vessels and began a ramping up of marketing activities. This initiative, unfortunately, was met with several
headwinds, most notably, the rise of confirmed cases to all-time high and the emergence of new variants,
which combined with a slower-than-anticipated rollout of vaccination programs, additional lockdowns and
travel restrictions, continued closure of key ports around the world and, most important, the reluctance
by public health authorities to lift cruise suspension. These headwinds caused us to change course. With
a much hope for a Q1 relaunch postponed, the decision was made to return vessels to reduce manning
status until there is certainty on the timing for a return to service.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2021

With new crew rested, ready and eager to work, we took the opportunity to rotate certain crew that had
been onboard beyond their usual contracted term and made the difficult decision to repatriate 4,000 crew
members back to their home countries.

Next, we continue to execute on our strategic financial action plan, which Mark will provide an update on,
and on the incremental actions we have taken to bolster liquidity a little later in the call.

Turning to our road map to relaunch, which is illustrated on Slide 5. We continue to work with the Healthy
Sail Panel, along with the CDC and other public health authorities and governments across the globe, to
prepare for a safe and healthy resumption of cruising. As we await for additional technical guidelines from
the CDC and other public health officials around the world, we continue to make progress on enhancing
our already rigorous health and safety standards, implementing new advancements, including digital
technology for contract tracing as well as streamlining safety drill with our state-of-the-art [ e-mustering ]
technology. While we are confident in the ability of the 74 protocols developed by the Healthy Sail Panel
to keep our ships, crew and guests safe, our frontline defense strategy has expanded from protocol-led
preventive measures to now also include the protective health and safety benefits of vaccines.

We view vaccine as a powerful tool, the most powerful tool, that when combined with various protective
measures society is already accustomed to, such as space coverings and physical distancing, forms a
multilayered, science-based approach to mitigate the risk of COVID-19 infection. We expect that by the
time cruising resumes, vaccination will most certainly be widely available in the developed world. And we
believe that by then, we will be able to secure vaccines for our crew as we are today well along in the
procurement process.

A mix of vaccinated guests and crew, along with the other established protocols, will provide a powerful
combination to mitigate the risk of COVID-19 onboard our ships and the communities we visit. Ports
and destinations is the next step of our road map, and we are in constant communication with key
ports around the world to assess the status of travel restrictions, quarantine requirements and port
availability. Of particular importance to the industry was the recent announcement by Canadian authorities
to restrict cruise vessels from operating in Canadian waters through February of 2022. Throughout this
pandemic, the travel industry has experienced the introduction, subsequent repeal and reintroduction of
lockdowns and travel restrictions depending on the prevalence of the virus and other factors. Thankfully,
the Canadian order allows for the suspension to be rescinded based on improvement in public health.

We remain cautiously optimistic that a recision may be possible. And in the meantime, we await the
results of several Alaskan delegation-led initiatives, which we want to acknowledge today and greatly
appreciate that may allow Alaska Cruises to operate in 2021.

The third step in our road map is to begin reactivating our sales and marketing machine, which as you
know, is guided by our industry-leading market-to-fill versus discount-to-fill strategy. We have revalidated
the effectiveness of this strategy in the pandemic environment, generating demand for the back half
of 2021 and especially strong demand into 2022 and beyond. We will resume a disciplined process of
ramping up sales and marketing efforts once we finalize an initial voyage resumption plan.

Lastly, and once there is certainty, we continue to expect a gradual and phased approach to the
resumption of cruise voyages. Depending on the timing of our return to service, our vessels could return
in certain regions before others. For example, given the seasonality of our operations, a typical year the
deployment of our vessel is concentrated in Europe during the peak summer season with 17 of our 28
ships operating in this region. Therefore, seasonality will likely play a key role in the initial deployment of
our vessels.

Our booking trends that you can see on Slide 6 demonstrate how we continue to experience strong
demand for future cruise vacations despite the uncertainties in the broad travel sector, the reduction of
demand-generating marketing investments and the temporary absence of a full complement of our all-
important travel agent partners. For the second half of 2021, our load factor is below historical ranges,
impacted by continued uncertainty around timing of the resumption of cruising and the shift of our limited
marketing investments to focus on '22 -- 2022 voyages. Pricing continues to be at [indiscernible] Level
despite the dilutive impact of the value-added future cruise credits for canceled voyages. And while it is

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2021

still early in the booking cycle, we are very encouraged and very pleased by the strong booking activity,
driven by pent-up demand across all 3 brands for 2022 voyages.

Volumes during January and February sequentially improved by over 40% from November and December
2020. And as an added bonus, over 80% of these bookings were new cash bookings. For the first half of
2022 and for all of 2022, in fact, our load factor is currently well ahead of prepandemic levels with pricing
at each of our award-winning brands in line to up mid-single digits when excluding the dilutive impacts of
future crew certificates.

The consumer appetite for global travel aboard our 28 vessels is so strong that even with limited
marketing investments, we are yielding outsized results, and we are experiencing record demand with our
launches for our future itineraries and global voyage collections. A case in point is Oceania Cruises' 2023
World Cruise, which sold out within 1 day of opening for sale to the general public. In addition to our loyal
pass guests, approximately 1/3 of all bookings for this group came from first-time new-to-brand guests.
We believe this achievement, along with multiple booking records we have announced in recent months,
demonstrates the pent-up demand that exists from our mature and affluent cruisers even for long and
exotic voyages once the severe impact of the pandemic subsides. This demand, coupled with the opening
of voyages for sale further in advance, has also resulted in a significant expansion to the booking curve
during the fourth quarter, which is now double versus the same time last year.

I'll be back later to provide closing remarks. But for now, I'd like to turn the call over to Mark for a
financial update. Mark?

Mark A. Kempa
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Frank. My remarks today will focus on the continued execution of our COVID-19 action plan as
well as our road map to relaunch. The global pandemic continues to evolve, and we continue to focus on
what we can control and we are prepared to adapt and modify our strategy as needed. Slide 7 illustrates
3 focus areas of our action plan and the additional proactive measures taken since the beginning of the
fourth quarter.

First, we have reduced operating expenses and capital expenditures through a number of initiatives,
including the further reduction or deferral of near-term marketing expenses, reduction of nonessential
capital expenditures, extended salary reductions and furloughs for shoreside team members. In fact, we
reduced capital expenditures by approximately 60% for each of the years 2020 and 2021. In addition, we
finalized the deferral of EUR 220 million of newbuilding-related shipyard payments through the end of the
first quarter 2022.

Second, we have also made significant progress on improving our debt maturity profile in order to provide
additional near-term financial flexibility through the following actions. We amended our Pride of America,
Norwegian Jewel and senior secured credit facilities to suspend testing of certain covenants. This covenant
relief extends through maturity for the Pride of America and Jewel facilities and through year-end 2022
for the senior secured credit facility. We were also able to defer $70 million of amortization payments due
prior to June 30, 2022, for the senior secured credit facility.

Second, we secured deferrals for approximately $680 million of our export credit agency-backed
amortization payments, representing 100% of our ECA payments originally due through the first quarter
of 2022. We also received covenant waivers through the end of the fourth quarter of 2022 on our ECA
facilities.

We have tremendous support behind us from our strong, long-standing relationships with our export credit
agencies, SACE and Hermes, our ECA and commercial lenders as well as the shipyard. Their assistance is
playing a significant role in our ability to weather this pandemic, and we can't thank them enough for their
continued and ongoing partnership during these unprecedented times.

The final focus area of our action plan was securing additional capital. In the fourth quarter, we executed
2 highly successful transactions. In November, we raised $824 million of net proceeds through an equity

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2021

offering of 40 million ordinary shares. And in December, we issued 850 million of 5 7/8% senior unsecured
notes due 2026 in an oversubscribed offering.

To date, we've accessed the capital markets 5x over a 9-month period. As a result, since the onset of
the pandemic, we raised incremental cash of nearly $6.5 billion, including the drawdown of the $875
million revolver early last year. This tremendous accomplishment would not have been possible without
the hard work of our finance, treasury, legal and accounting teams who have worked tirelessly around the
clock to execute on these initiatives. We have also experienced an incredible outpouring of support from
our investors. And again, we can't thank you enough for having conviction in our business model, in our
management team and in the long-term potential of our company.

Slide 8 outlines the improvement of our debt maturity profile in response to the crisis. Since the third
quarter, we secured debt amortization deferrals of approximately $750 million, resulting in minimal debt
service payments for the remainder of 2021.

Turning to liquidity. Slide 9 provides our current illustrative liquidity profile. Our total liquidity as of year-
end was approximately $3.2 billion, which includes the portion of customer deposit refunds that are
included in accounts payable at quarter end. We have also estimated approximately $300 million for
anticipated health and safety investments and other collateral obligations. While we anticipate variability in
our health and safety investments as we work through the various requirements and continuously improve
and refine our protocols, we wanted to earmark this investment in our illustrative liquidity profile. These
factors combined result in a net liquidity on a pro forma basis of approximately $2.9 billion, enabling us to
continue to navigate through this fluid environment and execute on our return to service plan.

As for cash burn, our team continues to work day in and day out to further reduce expenses and conserve
cash. Since the beginning of the pandemic, we have made significant progress in reducing our controllable
cash burn rate, with the low watermark representing a nearly 80% reduction in cruise operating expenses
versus normalized levels. For the fourth quarter, our average monthly cash burn rate was approximately
$190 million. This included approximately $15 million per month due to additional expenses related
to preparing vessels for a potential return to service in early 2021 and included a limited increase in
associated marketing investments, as Frank discussed earlier.

As for the first quarter, we expect the average cash burn to temporarily remain elevated at approximately
$190 million per month or approximately $170 million per month, excluding nondebt recurring --
nonrecurring debt modification costs as we ramp down our relaunch-related expenses and repatriate crew.
The approximately $60 million of onetime costs we incurred in the quarter is a result of debt deferrals and
covenant waivers and suspensions, which when combined with the newbuild payment extensions, have
resulted in approximately $1 billion of additional liquidity over the next 12 months.

Once the ramp down of relaunch-related expenses, including crew repatriation efforts are complete, we
expect that the average cash burn rate to decrease and remain at reduced levels until return to service
preparations resume. We will continue to take a thoughtful and disciplined approach to reintroducing costs
as we resume voyages in order to conserve cash, while at the same time, balance the need to drive new
cash bookings.

Turning to Slide 10. We ended the fourth quarter with approximately $3.3 billion of cash and cash
equivalents. Our cash balance in the fourth quarter increased, driven by approximately $1.7 billion of
net proceeds from capital raises and was partially offset by approximately $570 million of operating cash
burn, which includes operating expenses, SG&A, interest and CapEx, customer cash refunds for canceled
voyages of approximately $120 million and net working capital and other outflows of approximately $20
million, which includes health and safety investments. Given the continued uncertainty around the timing
of our voyage resumption, we are not yet prepared to provide guidance on all metrics. However, we
have provided guidance on depreciation and amortization, interest expense and newbuild-related capital
expenditures to assist with modeling, which can be found in our earnings release and on Slide 19 of the
presentation.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2021

Broadly speaking, excluding newbuild-related capital expenditures, we still expect the minimum required
capital expenditures needed to run the business and maintain our best-in-class fleets is generally a few
hundred million dollars per year.

Before handing the call back, I want to re-emphasize that while we are prioritizing our immediate business
needs, we are also very focused on the future of our company. Our medium- and long-term financial
recovery plan, which is provided on Slide 11, focuses on 3 critical components: first, rebuild and gradually
return to pre-COVID margin levels while continuing to identify opportunities to further drive margin
expansion; second, maximize our cash generation; and third, focus on optimizing our balance sheet and
charting a path to delever.

With that, I'll hand the call back over to Frank to provide closing commentary. Frank?

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Mark. Before we wrap up our prepared remarks today, I'd like to provide an update on our
global sustainability program, Sail & Sustain, which is on Slide 12.

Despite the current public health challenges we face, our commitment to protect and preserve our oceans,
the environment and the destinations we visit while enhancing our culture of diversity, equity and inclusion
in the workforce remains at the very core of our everyday operation. To that end, in 2020, we launched
unconscious bias, microaggression and diversity and inclusion training for our global workforce and have
committed to expand our diverse hiring practices.

We are also building upon our supplier diversity program as part of our efforts to facilitate and encourage
the growth of small and diverse businesses. We strive to maintain a supportive and empowering workforce
-- workplace for our team members across the globe. We believe our team members are, by far, our most
important resource, and that has never been clearer to me than during this crisis. We are pleased that this
commitment to our team's development and well-being was recognized recently with our naming to the
Forbes America's Best Employers list, in which we ranked among the top 75 companies in the overall Large
Employer category and among the 10 top companies in the Travel & Leisure sector.

Just as we support our team members, we are also committed to supporting our local communities and
the destinations we visit. This past year, we launched 2 initiatives in partnership with JUST Goods. For
Giving Tuesday, we matched every case of JUST Water purchased in December through their online store
with a water donation to local food banks in Miami and New York City. Separately, we provided nearly
$275,000 of in-kind donations in the form of JUST Water and nonperishable and canned goods to support
2 community organization and assist ongoing relief efforts in the archipelago of San Andrés in Colombia
after the devastating impact of Category 5 Hurricane Iota. Furthering our partnership with JUST Goods, we
are also currently in the process of organizing several truckloads of JUST Water donations to benefit food
banks located in areas around the Southwest of the United States that have been severely affected by the
recent winter storms.

Dedication to family and community is ingrained in our culture. And to further demonstrate this
commitment, beginning this year, we are offering our U.S. shoreside team members a paid volunteer day
to give back to community programs of their choice.

On the environmental front, we are proud to have improved our score in our second CDP climate change
submission to a B, which is higher than the marine transport sector, North America and global average.
For 2021, we will be focused on enhancing our ESG disclosures to provide additional transparency. I look
forward to sharing additional details with you as we continue on our ESG journey.

Turning to Slide 13. I'd like to leave you with a few final key takeaways. First, we are focused on the
execution of our road map to relaunch as quickly as possible, and we'll continue to work with our expert
advisers, global public health authorities and government agencies to refine our science-backed plans for a
swift, safe and healthy return to cruising.
Second, strong future demand for cruising across all brands, source markets and deployments continue.
And early indications for 2022 bookings are extremely positive, with load factors besting our previous high

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2021

by a substantial margin. Lastly, we continue to keep our longer-term strategic and financial priorities in
focus, and we will be ready to execute on our recovery plans to improve our balance sheet. The strong
future demand we are experiencing, coupled with the positive momentum in the public health front, bodes
extremely well for our prospects. And with that, Josh, please, let's open the call for questions. Thank you.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Brandt Montour with JPMorgan.

Brandt Antoine Montour
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I just wanted to maybe follow back up, Frank, on your comments on Alaska. You sort of referenced the
industry's attempt to try and salvage some of the Alaskan season, I assume for the sailings that are
leaving and arriving from Seattle where I know you guys do much of your business. So I guess maybe you
could just give us your view on the potential success of those talks. And then just remind us the portion of
your Alaska business that's in and out of Seattle.

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

Yes. It's difficult to predict what the outcome will be. We're encouraged that the situation with Alaska
and the Canadian closure until spring of '22 has been noted by various government officials, and they're
trying to do their best. As you know, tourism is the third largest industry in Alaska. And for certain Alaskan
coastal communities, cruising is over 90% of their tourism business. And so if we can't operate in Alaska
in 2021, that will be 2 years that they will go without this infusion of business activity, and that's going to
be difficult for them. And so we're hopeful, cautiously optimistic. It's a lot of hoops to jump through, both
from the Canadian side and also, let's face it, we cannot operate as of today in U.S. waters and Alaska
waters. So we have suspended taking new bookings on Alaska. I think the whole industry has. But we do
hope -- we do hold out some hope that these initiatives led by the Alaskan delegation can open up Alaska
for 2021.

Brandt Antoine Montour
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. And then I wanted to also ask about the relaunch efforts in the 1Q that you reversed, and I
think that you made the announcement that you would repatriate some crew. I think that was as of late
January, you made that announcement. And so I guess with the latest murmur in kind of the industry that
you could get CDC guidance maybe any day now. I just want to reconcile those 2 things and understand
maybe your time line and your decision process to send folks home.

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think there -- let's clarify a couple of things. The CDC guidance that we, as an industry, are
expecting sometime in the future and I won't label it as a few days because I simply don't know. It could
be a few days. It could be a few weeks. We simply don't know.

That doesn't -- that is the next phase, the next phase of this multiphase approach that the CDC is taking.
I don't believe that we are awaiting, in the next few days, the green light to cruise. That would not be
correct.

But in terms of our decision to pull back, look, when the CDC Conditional Sail Order first came out, there
was great expectation. We had a Conditional Sail Order, and it proved to be more difficult than we first
expected. We also were in the middle of a spike in the number of cases. And so it became obvious to us
that the initial expectation that maybe the industry could begin to cruise in the first quarter, which as you
know, is heavily focused on Caribbean theater of operations was not going to take place. And so we took
the difficult decision to reduce our cash burn, repatriate those crew members back home and cut down
on the marketing expenses that we have begun to ramp up to -- along with the ships that we thought we
could operate.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2021

And so today, I would tell you that we are in a better place, a more encouraging place than we were even
just 6 weeks ago. At the end of the day, I think the prevalence of the disease in our own country and
around the world will be the greatest indicator of when we can resume cruising.

And the prevalence is dropping. And we believe, based on all the experts that we talk to, including a
Healthy Sail Panel that we're going to see a continuation of the significant drop in cases as we enter
spring/summer, as we continue to vaccinate over 1.5 million Americans a day, as more people get infected
and recover. So all those things point into a direction where the prevalence should drop considerably,
giving us a better opportunity to restart operations.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steve Wieczynski with Stifel.

Steven Moyer Wieczynski
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Frank, to add on to that, your last commentary there. If the CDC gave you guys kind of the all clear kind
of smoke signal, to get to that test phase component and to start up the test cruises, is that still -- would
you still need about 90 days? Or could you shorten that up a little bit?

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

No. We think that it can be shortened. I know that there is a 60-day sort of waiting period. The
conversations we've been having with them, it's not a hard 60 days. I think it could be less. But how much
less? I don't know. We've not received that kind of specificity on these guidelines. But we generally believe
that from the moment that we get the green light, depending on where the ships are that you want to
stand up, depending on the seasonality, summer is a -- where are the ships in summer? Generally, they're
in Europe. They're in Alaska. Where are they in the fall/winter? They're primarily in the Caribbean, Mexico,
Panama Canal, around the world.

But I think for planning purposes, we'd like to give ourselves that 90-day window, more or less. And so
we've canceled cruises through the end of May. So if you count with your fingers, we -- it's basically March
1, so all of March, all of April, all of May. And it's sequential. We keep bookings and cruising -- cruises
available as long as we believe there is a chance that we can operate. Once we know we start entering
that 90-day-or-so window, and we owe it to everyone in the ecosystem, whether it's travel agents,
consumers, our own employees, the crew to cancel cruises in the future. So we're always hopeful, always
hopeful that the public health situation improves and that we can restart as soon as we possibly can.

Steven Moyer Wieczynski
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. Got you. And then the second question would be around out-year booking trends across your
brands. And I know you indicated that booking trends seemed pretty similar across all 3 brands. But I
wanted to dig in a little bit more into your luxury brands given the strong pent-up demand we have seen
from the 60-plus age demographic across other consumer verticals. And I guess the question is, has that
demographic been very active in terms of booking? And has there been any changes in their preference in
terms of length of itinerary or destination? I hope that makes sense.

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

Yes. It does make sense, Steve. Look, early in the pandemic, people were writing off the mature market.
And it's been anything but that. So as you know, the upscale brands tend to book further out than the
contemporary brand partly because of the itineraries. The longer, more exotic itineraries, everything else
being equal, people book further out. And so we're continuing to see that.

I mean both Oceania and Regent are nearly 40% -- 40% booked for 2022. That's much better than
they've ever been at this stage of the booking cycle. And so these are folks who are typically over the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2021

age of 65. The average age at Oceania and Regent is consistently in the 66, 67 age range. And these are
the folks who are getting the vaccine first. And they've been cooped up, and they want to go out. I mean
they're no different than 40-year olds or 30-year olds. They've got the money, and they're booking further
and further out. As we said in our prepared remarks, the booking curve is now double what it normally
is. And that's because of 2 reasons: one, there are literally no bookings being made for the next 3 or 4
months sailing because they've been canceled; and people are booking further and further out. People
know that this pandemic will end someday. And that someday is tomorrow but further out.

So we have more visibility today in our future business than we've ever had. And so that's one of the
things that encourages me the most. I mean I have a lot of things to worry about these days, Steve.
Fundamental consumer demand and our ability to fill our ships at strong pricing is not one of them. And to
be able to do what we're doing in terms of the load factors and new bookings, new cash bookings with the
de minimis amount of marketing that we're doing, with the travel agency system being less than 100%,
it's truly remarkable and again points to what we've been saying per year, the resiliency of the consumer,
the resiliency of those who love to cruise. It's a great value. That hasn't changed, and people are going to
get back to the high seas. There's no question about that.

Operator

Our next question comes from Robin Farley with UBS.

Robin Margaret Farley
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Okay, great. Yes, just looking at some other cruise lines that are operating in Asia and have operated in
Europe. I'm just curious, are the cruise lines sharing their learnings and protocols, particularly thinking
of the cruise line that you're on the Healthy Sail Panel with, whether you're kind of getting the benefit of
those starts in other regions?

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Yes, look, we don't compete on safety and health issues. And the industry has been very, very
cooperative with one another. We do share our findings. We find that those companies, brands that are
operating, whether it's in Asia or in Europe, are very much forthcoming. Much like Royal and us developed
the Healthy Sail Panel, the 74 protocols, we made them available to the entire industry. The entire
industry has adopted them. So it's a very good and healthy dynamic.

Robin Margaret Farley
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Okay. Great. And then just a quick follow-up. I think I can guess the answer to this, but you guys have
not sold any ships and some other companies have. I know you have the youngest fleet out there. And
so maybe the answer is that you have no interest or need to sell any ships. Are you -- is that something
you've thought about at all or had conversations about?

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

No. We -- you pointed out, we do have the youngest fleet. Every one of our ships produce positive
margins, positive EBITDA, a good ROI on their book value, so we have no interest. Only being the smallest
of the big 3 is an advantage, I believe, during this time. We only have to worry about 28 vessels and not
some greater number. And also, we're very eager to start taking delivery of the vessels that we have on
order, which will begin in third quarter of 2022. We've been fortunate that during this pandemic, we didn't
have to take any new deliveries. But by the same token, we have zero interest in selling any of our assets.

Operator

Our next question comes from Vince Ciepiel with Cleveland Research.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2021

Vince Charles Ciepiel
Cleveland Research Company

Great. I'm curious, your perspective or updated thinking on the time line to get the full fleet back up and
sailing, assuming you have some success with trial sailings and then begin revenue sailings on a few
ships. From that point, about how long do you think it would take to get the whole fleet up and running
again?

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

We don't know when that start date is. As I said earlier, the -- directionally, we're heading in the right
direction. The prevalence is decreasing. The vaccines are ramping up. We're all confident of the protocols
enhanced by the vaccinations.

What we have said in the past is that we think that from whatever date that it is that we start, that it will
likely take 6 to 7 months, assuming that the ports are open around the world. Remember, our ships are
seasonal. One of the requirements is that the ports be open, the travel restrictions be lifted. So assuming
that those hurdles are cleared, physically, we think it will take 6, 7 months, so roughly a ship a week. And
so for us to be 100% operative, we would have to start standing up vessels in the June/July time frame of
this year so that we can be 100% by year-end, early '22.

Vince Charles Ciepiel
Cleveland Research Company

Great. It sounds similar to how you were thinking about it last time. And then on the future cruise credits,
last time, you noted that, I think, 65%, 70% of those being canceled here recently were opting for future
cruise credits versus cash. I was just curious if that kind of ratio has held. And then also, I think as of last
time, you had about half of your FCC still outstanding, which represents an interesting and good base of
pent-up demand. I'm curious if that number still held as well.

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

I'll tell you that since -- I forgot the exact date. But since the fall, at least, when we do cancel a set of
sailings like we recently did for the month of May of 22, everyone gets a cash refund. We're no longer
offering the option of an FCC or cash. We have the liquidity. FCCs are dilutive to future business. We don't
want to negatively impact future business anymore than the dilutive effect of the existing FCCs. So today,
there is no choice, you get your money back.

And in terms of the percentage of FCCs that have been redeemed, it varies by brand. But at the
consolidated age level, roughly 40% of all FCCs that we have issued over time have now been redeemed.
So there still remains 60% of the FCCs issued in that bucket of folks who've got an ability to rebook. And
look, we -- somehow, in some quarters of the investment world perhaps, FCC bookings are seen as not as
good as a cash booking. I think they're both important. Customers who took an FCC showed a great deal
of confidence and support in our business. And we want to make sure that they get their cruise. And so if
we have to extend the booking date or if we have to extend the sailing date as the suspensions continue,
we will do so. We actively encourage people to redeem their FCC. We want them to take a cruise. And
we also want to be able to clear the deck, so to speak, as soon as possible so that when we do resume
cruising, we can get back to what we do best, which is selling cruises at the highest yields in the industry,
both on ticket and on onboard revenue so that we can resume our positive momentum that we had at the
end of 2019.

Mark A. Kempa
Executive VP & CFO

And Vince, just to add on that, I think you had mentioned that it was a big book of business. You're
absolutely right. So as we think about that going forward, that gives us opportunities where we can

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2021

really get more efficient and reduce some of our operating expenses because our -- simply speaking, our
acquisition cost will come down over time with that business.

So as Frank said, the FCCs are a good booking, just like any other booking, and it's a positive sign having
such a significant amount on our books.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jamie Katz with Morningstar.

Jaime M. Katz
Morningstar Inc., Research Division

I'm hoping that you guys will help us think through the cash burn over the first half. I get that there is
this inflated number for 1Q. But theoretically, if you're going to start ramping in June, you're going to
see some of those costs to repeat as you bring people back to the ships and reman them again. So is
$170 million a month a better number than some of the numbers maybe you've given out in the past for
ongoing cash burn as some of these ships come back online?

Mark A. Kempa
Executive VP & CFO

Jamie, it's Mark. Yes, I'll take that. So when we really reduced our cash burn in the third -- when you look
at the second quarter, third quarter, we were down to levels of $150 million, $160 million. It's slightly
elevated in the fourth quarter, primarily due to some additional cash interest and some of our start-up
activities, which we noted. Some of that is lingering into Q1 as well with the start-up activities.

And then beyond that, in this environment today, our expectation would be that we're going to get back
down to those levels we had seen in the earlier part of the year, absent the clear visibility and clear
indication that we can start back up. So again, we started this exercise in the fourth quarter. We were
hopeful with the Conditional Sails Order that we were going to be able to operate early in 2021. Obviously,
that proved to be a false hope. But it's really going to be dependent upon when we get that green light
and when we get that visibility.

But again, if you look at the fourth quarter and the first quarter, as we've outlined, I think I said on my
prepared remarks today, roughly $10 million to $15 million a month was related to some of those restart
costs. That's probably the levels you would start to see once we, in earnest, restart back, whether it's a
second quarter, third quarter, but again, based on when we get that clear path of resumption.

Jaime M. Katz
Morningstar Inc., Research Division

Okay. And then I think there was a comment in the slide deck that said, 60% of the bookings were from
loyalists, which would imply 40% were new cruisers. And I know you guys have talked a lot about some
of the inroads you've made with millennials in the past. And so I'm curious if there has been any different
demographic patterns you've seen across the fleet in the more recent bookers.

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I will tell you that the sweet spot is for folks 55 plus. Historically, that is the cohort that the greatest
percentage of our guests across all 3 brands comes from. And we have seen a slight increase in the
proportion of total bookings coming from that cohort. And as I said earlier, that is partly because those are
the cohorts that have been vaccinated more so than younger ones. These folks are retired, semi-retired.
The stock market has been doing well. Investments have been doing well. They've got cash. And these are
people who tend to travel more and they haven't been able to. So the pent-up demand for them for this
cohort, I think, is greater than younger cohorts.

Operator

Our next question comes from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2021

Stephen White Grambling
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I know there's a lot of moving parts still, but within that 6 to 7 months that you cited for relaunching a
full fleet, how do you think about occupancy at the ship level within the current CDC framework? And how
might the vaccine change that?

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

Well, the CDC, to the best of my knowledge, has yet to give the industry a target occupancy. For our own
internal working purposes, we assume that at the beginning, that maximum occupancy will be in the 50%
range. So think about this. Today, our entire fleet is available to book, let's say, in the third quarter, in July
moving forward. Every single ship in the fleet has passengers. There's bookings on them. When we know
we're going to start, we're not going to be able to start all 28 vessels.

As I said, it's going to be a little bit, maybe a week, one a week, something like that, which means that
there's going to be a lot of customers who are booked today who will be displaced. And part of that
displacement will be in cancellation, people will get their refunds. But part of it is that people will move
from the Norwegian Jewel in Alaska to the Norwegian Bliss in Alaska, or they'll move from the Oceania
Riviera in Europe to the Oceania Marina in Europe. And so we believe that there are enough bookings
today. If we never took another booking, let's say, for Q3, assuming a reduced capacity at the start, then
we don't have to take any more bookings for Q3. And as you move forward from the start date, you have
more ships coming online, less ships that are going to be -- those customers going to be displaced.

And so there'll be a rebalancing, if you will, at some point, where we do need to start taking more
bookings. But my guess is that, that will be beginning month 3, 4 forward. And that's what we were doing.
And the restart that Mark and I discussed earlier in our remarks, when we thought we were going to start
in Q1, because there's always a book of business there waiting, hoping to cruise that when we do know
we're going to start, it won't be the entire fleet and, therefore, we have excess bookings, if you will, at the
beginning.

So again, of all the things we worry about, filling vessels, generating demand just isn't one of them. But
we have -- we don't have a short-term issue as we just described. And as you heard me say earlier, 2022,
more of a longer term, business is better than ever.

Stephen White Grambling
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

And I guess one of the other things that's within your control, as we think about the operations and
expense structure, what are some of the things that you think could be structurally changed coming out of
this that could ultimately make the ships more profitable?

And as a related follow-up, are there any considerations that we should have on dry dock days coming out
of layup? Should that be lower? Or could it be higher?

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

Yes.

Mark A. Kempa
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I'll take that.

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

I think I'll let Mark answer that.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2021

Mark A. Kempa
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think first, Steve, on the dry docks. Look, ships have to dry dock. They have to stay within
the classification society rules. And what I can tell you is while we have pulled back on our capital
expenditures and some of that is related to investments, that enhancements that we would have made
during dry docks, we're not stopping dry docks. Dry docks have to occur by class. And there are certain
investments that we've continued to make.

A good example of that is some of the scrubbers on the Breakaway and Getaway. That was -- they were
scheduled to be completed in early 2023. And because the ships are out of service and going through their
normal dry dock periods, we're able to install those sooner and get the benefit once we restart operating.

But I think when you look at the ships going forward and you look at the cost structure on the ships, by
and large, we've always said this, the cost structure on a ship is generally a highly fixed cost structure.
That said, there's always going to be pockets of opportunity. And I think as we think about our costs going
forward, we're looking at shoreside. This pause has really given us a chance to reevaluate every cost,
everything we do from our supply chain to everything we do on our shoreside operations. And I think
we've mentioned this in the past that we're making some pretty significant learnings in our marketing
area.

We continue to transform towards the digital world. You get more bang for the dollar there. We're
garnering significant amount of booking activity with vis-à-vis a less marketing spend. So we're taking
those learnings. And every day that we're in pause, we're going to continue to look at every nook
and cranny and ask ourselves, "Are we doing this correctly?" So I think there's opportunity for cost
enhancement. And then further, as you look further down the future and you think about how does that
translate to margin expansion, it's going to be a combination of reduced cost. We have more efficient
capacity coming online with our 9-ship newbuild program. And that's going to help drive margin expansion
in addition to, again, driving the top line, driving increased pricing that we've always been the industry
leader in pricing. And as we think about that, if you look at the industry, capacity has been reduced. So we
think that's going to provide even more of an opportunity to help rebuild margins and drive that margin
expansion.

Operator

Our last question comes from Ivan Feinseth with Tigress Financial.

Ivan Philip Feinseth
Tigress Financial Partners LLC, Research Division

It looks like there's some really bright light at the end of this tunnel. And while there was concern in the
beginning that the industry would have to heavily discount to get people back on the ship, it definitely
seems not to be the case. Now do you feel -- or there's any indication that there's even more shadow
demand of people who are? There's a lot of people on waiting list to get vaccinated. And once people are
vaccinated, and then more itineraries open up that you will even see more demand for trips.

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

Yes, thanks for the question. Look, the industry has been shut down at least 1 year. That means 30 million
people that would have cruised in that year haven't cruised. And this is a finite capacity business. I can't
cruise with 150% occupancy. So there's going to be a squeeze play here that demand is going to exceed
supply, especially after the withdrawal of some 20-plus ships from the so-called North American fleet. So
you got less supply. You've got pent-up demand. You've got people with money in their pocket.

I think this is just the making of a boom time for the cruise industry. And since we can't expand supply
any faster than it's coming online, pricing is what's going to dictate the day. And we're seeing it. I mean
it's astonishing to me in the 25-plus years I've been in this business that given the fact that travel agents
are not at full strength, we're spending a fraction of what we normally spend. The bad news cycle of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2021

lockdowns and pandemics and travel restrictions and quarantine, that business is as robust as it is, not
only in volume, but we're able to tick up prices. So when we say that we just do a couple of connect
the dots here, 40% of FCCs have been redeemed. Those FCCs had a 25% premium on them. That we
are at a flat to slightly ahead of pricing of the all-time high pricing, including the dilutive effect of those
125% FCCs and that we are so well booked into the future. I mean I've never seen such a positive set
of circumstance. We just need to get back to work. We need to get cruising operating again. And we're
hopeful. Look, as much as that bothers me to see other sectors of the travel community open, I'm happy
for them. Trust me, I'm happy for the casino operators and the airlines and the hotel operators and
the resorts. I want to be happy for us as well. And I think our day should be approaching, should be
approaching, Ivan, given the advances we're making in the vaccine front, prevalence is coming down, the
industry -- the protocols we put in place, no other sector of the travel business or any other business has
put forth as many comprehensive protocols to combat spread of the virus as we have. And we're eager
to get back to work. And we're happy to see it starting in Asia, starting in Europe. We're going to see, I
think, more vessels starting in Europe soon. And so we're encouraged by all those developments. But at
the end of the day, we've got to get back to work soon. And we're ready. We're all ready. Thank you.

Ivan Philip Feinseth
Tigress Financial Partners LLC, Research Division

And also, when the CD -- right now, you're planning on 50% capacity. But working with your Healthy Sail
Panel, do you feel once people are vaccinated and comfortable that ramping up capacity quickly because
in a cruise ship, you're kind of interacting with a lot of people. And whether you're at 50% or even 75%
capacity, that's not going to be the determining factor. The factor is people just being vaccinated.

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

That's right, That's right. And so...

Ivan Philip Feinseth
Tigress Financial Partners LLC, Research Division

And it's allowing you to get to a higher level of capacity faster.

Frank J. Del Rio
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Look, I agree. I think we all knew that vaccinations were ultimately going to be the deciding factor.
And the quicker we vaccinate or we get to the point of herd immunity, which by most accounts, that time
frame is in the July/August time, so sometime in summer. The experts believe that by the end of April,
anyone who wants a vaccine, at least, in the United States, even in Europe, Canada can -- will have access
to one. That all bodes well.

But look, one step at a time. We just have to start. We have to start. We have to build momentum.
We have to demonstrate to government agencies, society as a whole, our guests, our crew and to
ourselves that we can't de facto operate safely in a low prevalence environment where crew and guests
are vaccinated. And then this will pivot from being a pandemic to being an endemic. And that's what we
have today with the flu. This will be, if you listen to the experts, that's what they say, that this pandemic
will pivot to being a seasonal event and it won't be the scary thing that it is today.

Thank you, everyone. We truly appreciate your call-in today, your questions, your continued support for
our great industry and our great company. And I look forward to speaking to you come May. Thank you.

Operator
Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

