Nasdaq, Inc. NasdaqGS:NDAQ
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, July 22, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.44

1.54

Revenue  (mm)

682.14

699.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-22-2020 12:09 PM GMT

6.94

2.47

1.37

5.71

5.76

665.95

2721.18

2769.00

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.21

1.27

1.45

1.44

1.27

1.29

1.50

1.54

4.96 %

1.57 %

3.45 %

6.94 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
NASDAQ, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Edward Ditmire
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Michael Steven Ptasznik
Executive VP Corporate Strategy &
CFO

ANALYSTS

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Arinash Ghosh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Christopher Meo Harris
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Kenneth William Hill
Rosenblatt Securities Inc.,
Research Division

Kyle Kenneth Voigt
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Michael Roger Carrier
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

NASDAQ, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Nasdaq Second Quarter 2020
results. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator
Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Ed Ditmire, Vice President of
Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.

Edward Ditmire
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Nasdaq's second quarter 2020 financial
results. On the line are Adena Friedman, our CEO; Michael Ptasznik, our CFO; John Zecca, our Chief Legal
and Regulatory Officer; and other members of the management team. After prepared remarks, we'll open
up to Q&A.

The press release and presentation are on our website. We intend to use the website as a means of
disclosing material, nonpublic information and complying with disclosure obligations under SEC regulation
update.

I'd like to remind you that certain statements in this presentation and during Q&A may relate to future
events and expectations, and as such, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from these
projections. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ from forward-looking
statements is contained in our press release and periodic reports filed with the SEC.

I will now turn over the call to Adena.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Ed. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I would like to begin by
acknowledging how deeply proud I am of the Nasdaq team's continued commitment to our clients and the
communities in which we live during these last few months. With the second quarter being our first full
period with the vast majority of our global workforce working remotely, I cannot be more proud with the
results that we have delivered for our stakeholders amid what is still a very unprecedented time.

The executive leadership team and I are acutely aware that our colleagues, clients and so many of our
stakeholders are tackling work, family and health responsibilities simultaneously. We are in the fortunate
position that our business can operate in a remote working environment globally, and we have remained
highly productive and available to our clients throughout this period.

That said, we also recognize that some of our team members prefer the opportunity to work in an office
environment. And over the long term, we believe that there are social and creativity benefits that come
from working together physically. Therefore, we are working to reopen our offices in a deliberate way as
the virus subsides in specific cities and countries where we operate. And we are taking a very measured
approach to the reopening of our offices that prioritizes our employees' health and safety. In that regard,
we will continue to make it completely voluntary until at least year-end 2020 for our employees to choose
to return to our offices.

The second quarter was marked not only by the deepening impact of the global health crisis, but by the
escalation and recognition of the social injustices across many communities around us. We are committed
to creating lasting positive change, and I'll highlight 2 examples.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

NASDAQ, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2020

Last month, we announced immediate actions to strengthen our continued commitment to diversity and
inclusion. In addition to our $5 million first quarter pledge to COVID-19 relief, in the second quarter,
we pledged an additional $3 million in cash donations to organizations serving underserved minority
communities and fighting the impact of the health crisis.

In addition, as we look at NASDAQ's broader purpose in the communities where we operate, particularly
as a proponent of inclusive growth and prosperity, we see the Nasdaq Foundation as a core component
of our societal mission. As a result, in addition to committing to an annual contribution to the foundation
of approximately 0.25% of operating profit starting in 2021, we also made a onetime capital injection
in Q2 of this year of $10 million to improve the funded position of the foundation and to support its
refined mission. We will update the market as we announce specific campaigns designed to support our
foundation's objectives.

There is also a lot of momentum inside of Nasdaq to improve and accelerate our efforts to advance
our culture. Therefore, we're increasing our internal resources that's devoted to programs focused on
diversity-oriented professional development, employee experience and talent acquisition. Our ultimate
ambition is for the Nasdaq team to reflect the diversity of the populations of each of the countries where
we operate and to provide a performance-driven culture that demonstrates respect and belonging for all of
our employees.

We are fully committed to taking the necessary steps in the months and years ahead to achieve this
ambition. This starts with publishing our diversity statistics from countries where we are permitted
to collect that data, which we will start to do by the end of the third quarter. These will serve as an
honest assessment of where we are and how far we need to progress. Nasdaq has always had a strong
commitment to all 3 elements of ESG: Environmental, social and governance practices. We believe our
societal efforts will further enhance our position as a leader that is continuously striving to improve.

Now I will turn to our strong financial results for the second quarter of 2020. Nasdaq delivered net
revenues of $699 million, an increase of $76 million or 12% from the prior year period, driven almost
entirely by organic growth. I'm incredibly proud to report that once again, each of our 4 business
segments delivered positive organic growth during the quarter, a testament to the resiliency of our
business and the dedication of the Nasdaq team under the new remote working environment.

Net revenues in our Market Services business grew 22%, while revenues in our nontrading segments grew
7% from the prior period. On an organic basis, revenues across the nontrading segments increased 6%
year-over-year with growth from acquisitions contributing 1% to total growth. Operating leverage was
particularly strong as expenses were up slightly during the period, resulting in the non-GAAP operating
margin expanding nearly 500 basis points to 53% and contributing to non-GAAP EPS growth of 26%.

Turning now to the specific highlights from the second quarter. I will also briefly address the evolving
industry and client dynamics we are observing and how we see these influencing our performance for the
remainder of 2020. I will begin with our foundational marketplace businesses.

Our Market Services segment saw net revenues of $276 million, a 22% increase from the prior year
period. This was led by higher cash equity trading and equity derivatives revenue amidst the continued
surge in volumes for cash equities and equity-linked derivatives. These elevated volumes were driven not
only by evolving expectations around the pandemic's implications, but by the way the pandemic seems to
be accelerating certain long-term dynamics that have spurred significant sector rotations in the market.

We said last quarter that the volume outlooks set up constructively due to both this pandemic's
uncertainties and the fact that 2020 finishes with the U.S. presidential election. A quarter later, we
increasingly expect that the current economic and political backdrop will continue to support elevated
volumes during the latter half of the year.

Our Corporate Services segment delivered revenues of $126 million, a 2% increase, boosted by a return
in new listing activity and continued demand for our Investor Relations Intelligence Solutions as well as
higher revenue from corporate governance solutions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

NASDAQ, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2020

After returning to organic growth in 2019, our IR and governance businesses saw an acceleration in the
first half of this year, driving 8% organic growth in Corporate Solutions in the second quarter, excluding a
2% impact due to unfavorable changes in foreign exchange rates. Our IR advisory services, including our
relatively new ESG advisory solution, were top contributors in the period. We believe the restructured and
repositioned Corporate Solutions product suite has a much stronger alignment with the secular trends that
are driving our corporate clients' interactions with their investment community and other stakeholders.

That said, we did experience reduced demand from corporate clients in sectors that are highly impacted
by the effects of the pandemic, such as travel, retail, energy and financials, where a focus on expense
control has become a priority. Additionally, prospect engagement in a virtual environment has created
elongated sales cycles for some of our corporate services. Recognizing that these impacts could change
quarter-to-quarter, we have endeavored to provide our clients with near-term savings opportunities within
the context of what are meant to be continued and eventually rebounding long-term relationships.

In our Listing segment, Nasdaq led U.S. exchanges for IPOs during the period, welcoming 42 IPOs for a
67% win rate. For the first 6 months of 2020, we welcomed 69 IPOS, representing 69% of all U.S. IPOs.
Our IPOs have raised $17.4 billion, which represents 66% of total IPO capital raised in the United States.
Excluding [ SPAC ], we have welcomed 55 operating company IPOs for an 85% win rate in the first half of
the year. Listings highlights from the second quarter include 3 of the top 4 largest IPOs by capital raised,
including Royalty Pharma, the largest U.S. IPO of 2020 to date; Warner Music Group and ZoomInfo, the
largest technology IPO of the year. Notable stock listings during the period included DraftKings and Nikola
Motor Company.

The reopening of the IPO window is very encouraging. We have seen a steady inflow of listings from
technology and health care, industries illustrative of the kinds of companies innovating to solve some
of society's pressing challenges, which are finding a very receptive audience with investors. Companies
are also responding positively to Nasdaq's virtual experience during IPOs, reflecting -- reflected in our
market-leading win rate. Feedback from newly listed companies, and also importantly from the investment
banking and underwriting communities, have been tremendous. Our partners appreciate the seamless
manner in which we transitioned to our IPO-first trade process once we shifted our operations to a remote
environment in March.

Looking ahead to the second half of the year, we see a very healthy pipeline of companies looking to tap
public markets with many intending to execute, again, ahead of the November U.S. presidential election.

Now let me turn to our technology and analytics businesses. Our Market Technology segment delivered
$84 million in revenue and signed $38 million in new order intake. Our annualized recurring revenue
in the quarter was $268 million, a 9% increase year-over-year. New order intake overall was moderate
during the period as client decision-making around large-scale technology projects has slowed during the
pandemic.

Looking within the product offering, we note that we had strong new order intake in Nasdaq Trade
Surveillance, a SaaS offering focused on our broker-dealer clients. And we signed 5 new marketplace
technology customers, all of which were signed after a virtual sales process and all of whom selected our
SaaS-delivered Market Technology solutions.

We were also excited to announce during the second quarter the launch of Nasdaq's Marketplace
Services Platform to provide our market technology clients with seamless access to standard cloud-based
infrastructure components and full trade life cycle capabilities as they move to the next phase of their
digitalization. This service was announced alongside the signing of our first client, LEX Markets, which will
leverage our cloud matching service to power their trading platform for commercial real estate securities.

There is heightened interest in the ways that our next-generation technology, particularly the SaaS
capabilities that we have built into both market infrastructure and surveillance products, can help
our clients deal with heightened scalability and flexibility challenges that the pandemic brings. These
examples also highlight how we've made significant strides in adapting the ways that our technologies
are performing in a more remote work environment. Still, implementation projects, newer order intake
levels and funding for new markets initiatives have been modestly impacted by pandemic-related factors.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

NASDAQ, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2020

We continue to expect to see the short term, mostly logistical, growth headwinds that increase the risk to
have Market Technology being below the bottom of our medium-term growth objectives for the current
year.

Turning to our Information Services segment. We delivered net revenues of $213 million, up $19 million or
10% from the prior year period. Index AUM rose to $272 billion at the end of the period, up 34% versus
the prior year and eclipsing the previous quarter-end high of $233 billion in the fourth quarter of 2019.
Index revenue was $68 million, up 24% year-over-year with contribution driven primarily by the increase
in ETP licensed product AUM and secondarily from fees generated from trading of licensed futures.

We're incredibly pleased with the strength and resilience of our flagship index products during the quarter.
We believe that the Nasdaq Composite and the NASDAQ 100 performance reflects investor interest in
the companies that are supporting the modern infrastructure for tomorrow's economy, workforce and
workplace.

Year-to-date, AUM in all ETPs licensed to Nasdaq's indices are up over $40 billion, and almost 26% of
that increase or 64% -- $26 billion, sorry, of that increase, or 64%, came from net investor inflows to the
products, with the remainder from market performance during the year. While this segment is sensitive to
what can be reversals in exogenous market beta and futures volume trends, there's no ignoring that the
second quarter's positive results put us in a better position for our full year performance.

Our Investment Data & Analytics revenues increased 13% from the prior year period, including the
contribution of Solovis, which we acquired in March. While 2020 organic growth of eVestment is seeing
some impact from budget tightening on the part of the buy side, the addition of Solovis' real-time
performance and risk modeling gives us more opportunities to catalyze allocation decisions on the part of
asset owners, decisions that in turn spur higher usage of eVestment's leading asset manager research and
selection tools.

Revenue in Market Data saw modest organic growth during the period and continues to deliver consistent
results. We have seen relatively stable performance and expectations in our Market Data products. And
finally, for the third quarter -- for the third consecutive quarter, the majority of our revenues in the
Information Services business came from the index licensing and investment and analytics products, a
direct result of focusing our investments into expanding our capabilities in higher-growth areas within
Information Services.

So after reviewing each business, collectively, what does this mean from our investors' perspective?
Well, overall, we continue to benefit from a business model that delivers well during challenging times
due to the resilient and diversified nature of our business. With our diversity of offerings and customers,
we benefit from certain segments bolstering our results when others face some short-term pressures.
That has been the story of Nasdaq for many years now. And overall, it provides for more stability and
predictability than many of our direct peers.

We continue to see 2020 as an elevated risk environment related to the pandemic's implications, and
related changes to client purchasing behaviors could continue building in some portions of the business
as the year progresses. But we also recognize that the strong performance of our index business and the
rebound in demand for IPOs has us feeling directionally more optimistic than we were 3 months ago.

On the last quarter call, we've referenced our long-term outlook of 5% to 7% annualized growth in our
nontrading businesses. As we experienced the early days of the pandemic's impact on the economy,
we communicated that we saw risks in our ability to achieve the lower end of that growth range in
2020. Given the strength of our second quarter performance, we believe that the risks have moderated
somewhat. Therefore, there is -- unless there is a sharp reversal in the current environment, our
confidence has increased in our ability to achieve the lower end of our 5% to 7% organic revenue growth
range collectively across our nontrading businesses for the full year of 2020. We will continue to provide
updates on our growth progress as we address our third quarter results in October.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

NASDAQ, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2020

In addition to the strong results from our businesses this quarter, we also saw positive developments on
the regulatory front in the period. In June, the DC Circuit Court of Appeals ruled decisively against the SEC
on 2 issues that were very important to us.

First, the courts ruled that the SEC exceeded its legal authority by creating a process review fees long
after they have taken effect. The rule vacated or invalidated the SEC's actions in October 2018, when
it overturned the ruling of its own administrative law judge that proprietary data prices were properly
regulated and constrained by competition and mandated the review of hundreds of other fees.

Second, the courts rule that the SEC's access fee pilot was unauthorized because the SEC lacked the
authority to adopt rules that impose obligations if their sole purpose is gather data. For the commission
to regulate, it must identify a problem and justify proposed solutions with sufficient economic analysis of
the cost, benefits and possible alternatives. The pilot would have subjected thousands of U.S. issuers to a
multiyear experiment to determine what might happen if liquidity and fencing rebates on exchanges were
restricted or eliminated.

We continue to believe that the U.S. stock markets are the envy of the world, delivering unmatched
liquidity and resiliency at an extremely low cost in a highly competitive environment. We hope that as
the SEC moves forward in its efforts to find ways to improve the markets, they do so with the utmost
thoughtfulness to ensure that reforms truly deliver benefits across a wide range of issuers, intermediaries
and investors that depend on them. Going forward, we urge the SEC to adopt a more inclusive approach
to developing consensus around rule proposals and significant rule changes, particularly when those
changes are wide-ranging and carry a significant risk of unintended consequences.

As we look to the second half of 2020 and beyond, we now know that we will be navigating a world
and economy characterized by the pandemic's effects for longer than we were expecting. We have also
learned important lessons during this period that bolsters our confidence in our longer-term strategy to
maximize opportunities as a leading technology and analytics provider while maintaining our foundational
marketplace-focused businesses. Importantly, we observed several key trends that underscore the
flexibility of our strategic ambitions to serve markets everywhere.

For example, we're now able to reach a new set of clients and finalize deals in our Market Technology
business using our SaaS-based solutions which provide more turnkey and scalable market capabilities to
our clients in a fast-changing economic environment. While our index business will always be subject to
cyclical and beta-related impacts due to the nature of its revenue model, we have seen a new appreciation
for the thematic approaches that characterize the majority of Nasdaq's index franchise. And of course, the
good fortune to be in the right thematic for a world that is changing in ways that make technology and
health care more important to everyone's lives than ever.

Additionally, our institutional investor clients are increasingly turning to a data-driven decision making in a
volatile and unpredictable environment, which underscores the value of our data analytics offering.

And lastly, over recent years, there's been a growing urgency among companies globally to make a
positive contribution to the environment and to focus on governance practices. This year, the focus on the
pandemic and its impact in our society, and in particular on our underserved communities, has elevated
the commitment from the private sector to key areas of social responsibility as well. As a result, we're
starting to be rewarded for our efforts to expand our offerings, addressing corporate issuers and other
clients' rising ESG needs.

As I wrap up, I will summarize by saying that Nasdaq remains sharply focused on advancing our strategic
mission. Our global team has demonstrated their seamless adjustment to the remote nature of our
current operating environment, and our team's ability to deliver uninterrupted service to our clients is
demonstrated in our strong results this past quarter.

And with that, I will turn it over to Michael to review the financial details.

Michael Steven Ptasznik
Executive VP Corporate Strategy & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

NASDAQ, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2020

Thank you, Adena, and good morning, everyone. My commentary will primarily focus on our non-GAAP
results, and all comparisons will be to the prior year period unless otherwise noted. Reconciliations of U.S.
GAAP to non-GAAP results can be found in our press release as well as in a file located in the financials
section of our Investor Relations website at ir.nasdaq.com.

I will start by reviewing second quarter revenue performance as shown on Page 3 of the presentation
and organic revenue growth on Pages 4 and 14. The $76 million increase in reported net revenue
of $699 million is the net result of organic growth of $75 million, including 22% organic increase in
Market Services and 6% organic growth in the nontrading segments, a $3 million positive impact from
acquisitions and a $2 million unfavorable impact from changes in foreign exchange rates.

I will now review quarterly highlights within each of the reporting segments. I will start with Information
Services, which as reflected on Pages 5 and 14, saw a $19 million or 10% increase in revenue. Organic
revenue growth during the period was 9%, primarily reflecting very strong growth in our index business
and then smaller but positive contributions from each of the Investment Data & Analytics and Market Data
businesses.

Operating margin of 62% declined about 1 point compared to the prior year period primarily due to the
inclusion of Solovis. Market Technology revenue, as shown on Pages 6 and 14, increased $5 million or 6%,
with organic growth of $4 million or 5%. Organic growth during the period primarily reflects an increase in
software as a service surveillance revenues. As Adena noted, annualized recurring revenue, or ARR, rose
9% compared to the prior year period. Operating margin of 18% was up 8 points from 10% in the prior
year period, and year-to-date margin of 14% for the segment is up 4 points.

Turning to Corporate Services on Pages 7 and 14. Revenues increased $3 million or 2%. Organic revenue
growth was 3% or $4 million, reflecting an increase in U.S. listings revenues and increases in both IR
Intelligence revenues and governance solutions revenues. This was partially offset by lower event-related
revenues at the Nasdaq market site and lower Nasdaq private market program activity both mainly due to
the business impact of COVID-19. The operating margin of 39% for the segment was up 3 points from the
prior year period.

Market Services net revenues on Pages 8 and 14 saw a $49 million or 22% increase. Excluding the
negative $1 million impact from unfavorable changes in foreign exchange, the organic revenue increase
was $50 million, also 22%. The organic increase during the period primarily reflects increases in cash
equities and equities derivatives net revenues due to higher industry trading volumes. The operating
margin of 64% for the segment remained elevated due to the high-volume environment.

Turning to Pages 9 and 14 to review expenses. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $327 million in the
second quarter of 2020, an increase of $5 million or 2% compared to the second quarter of 2019. This
reflects a $7 million increase from the impact of acquisitions as well as higher compensation expense,
infrastructure costs and depreciation expense, partially offset by lower corporate travel expenses, event
spending and changes in foreign exchange rates.

Turning to Slide 10. We are tightening our 2020 non-GAAP operating expense guidance range to $1.33
billion to $1.36 billion. While we've experienced reduced levels of travel and event spending, it is
important to note that we plan to continue to invest in the infrastructure necessary to support the current
and potential for even greater activity on our platforms. In addition, we are also continuing to allocate the
capital and resources to deliver on our longer-term growth initiatives, and our full year expense guidance
range reflects these investments in the second half of the year.

Based on our latest internal expense forecast, which takes into account the impact of the relatively strong
organic growth has on compensation -- on variable compensation as well as the latest foreign exchange
rates, as we stand here today, we see ourselves as most likely to be in the top half of our updated
expense guidance range.

Moving to operating profit and margins. Non-GAAP operating income increased $71 million in the second
quarter of 2020, and the non-GAAP operating margin was 53% compared to 48% in the prior year period.
The nearly 500 basis point increase in the margin year-over-year reflects strong operating leverage,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

NASDAQ, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2020

particularly in Market Services business, as well as multiyear efforts to enhance the company's scalability,
though I would expect some near-term reversions should market volumes moderate.

Net interest expense was $25 million in the second quarter of 2020, a decrease of $3 million versus
the prior year. The non-GAAP effective tax rate was 26.4% for the second quarter of 2020. For full year
2020, we continue to expect the non-GAAP tax rate to be between 25.5% and 27.5%. Non-GAAP net
income attributable to Nasdaq for the second quarter of 2020 was $256 million or $1.54 per diluted share
compared to $203 million or $1.22 per diluted share in the prior year period.

Let me now turn to the balance sheet. After taking steps in the first quarter of 2020 to increase cash
reserves and eliminate near-term maturities, in the second quarter, Nasdaq took advantage of a receptive
credit environment and issued a $500 million 30-year bond. Then as the short-term credit environment
continued to improve, we became more comfortable with reducing our cash position to more normal
levels and use the proceeds from our debt offering and the excess cash on hand to redeem outstanding
commercial paper and to repay all of the borrowings on our revolver. As a result, the company returned to
lower leverage while enhancing available liquidity.

Turning to Slide 11. The net of these actions is that debt decreased by $626 million versus March 31,
primarily due to $1.1 billion of aggregate net payments on revolver borrowings and commercial paper a
moment -- commercial paper that I mentioned a moment ago. Our total debt-to-EBITDA ratio ended the
period at 2.4x, down from 3x in the first quarter of 2020. Net debt-to-EBITDA was 1.9x, down from 2.3x
in the first quarter of 2020.

Also, during the second quarter of 2020, the company paid common stock dividends in the aggregate
of $80 million and repurchased common stock in the amount of $30 million. Year-to-date through June
30, the company has repurchased common stock in the amount of $152 million, largely completing our
objective to use share repurchases to offset dilution of equity compensation and other sources of gross
issuances to ensure investors benefit from a stable share count.
With that, I'll turn it back over to the operator for the Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

NASDAQ, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Rich Repetto with Piper Sandler.

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

I guess my question is you seem like you're in the sweet spot right now, given your exposure to equity
trading and equity options as well as having the high percentage of recurring revenue. So I guess this --
my question is, with so much volume now going into -- from retail, the TRF percentage up in the low-40
percentage, are we missing anything?

I'm trying to look at the unintended consequences of having so much off-exchange volume. Your revenue
capture actually went up in equities, which I didn't understand. But just trying to see how -- given that
you're in the sweet spot, to make sure we're catching all the reflections there, all the possibilities.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Well, I would agree that retail participation in the market, both the equities markets and the equity
options market, has been -- certainly has been elevated this year. And you are right that it is resulting in
more off-exchange volume occurring. I think that what we've been really focused on is, for the volume
that does that come to the exchanges, what can we do to maximize our position? And so we've been
working really hard, Rich, on a few fronts.

One is certainly just overall customer service and availability. Second is just the scalability of our
business and ability to handle these really large volume days, particularly like the Russell and the S&P
500 rebalance days. Third is that we continue to improve the performance of our systems with tech
improvements and things that we're doing to make sure that we optimize the performance of our markets.
And then the last thing is making sure that we really educate our customers on how to use all the
elements of our markets, like our M-ELO orders and other things like that to capture as much volume as
we can.

But the retail volume generally gets internalized and then of course turns into secondary volume that
comes to the exchanges. So we do benefit from the overall elevated environment, but we do find that the
level of internalization is something that we watch pretty carefully because you don't want there to be a
diminishment of the price discovery that's occurring in the market by having too much of the volume go
off exchange. So it's something that we certainly are focused on.

I don't -- I think the one thing that we are focused on, Rich, is just making sure retail investors are
educated as they're coming into the markets. The online retail brokers do a really good job of that, FINRA
does a really good job of that. So we're just partnering with them to make sure that we're helping them
with their educational efforts with the retail investors.

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Got it. Anything on the revenue capture? That was part of the one question.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

So the revenue capture is really a function of a lot of things. So one is just which markets are they
leveraging to come into the market, and therefore, what's our capture rate? I think we also are -- we're
very careful in looking at how much volume is coming into the auctions. We did have 2 very large auctions
in the quarter -- at the end of the quarter with the S&P 500. I think that was 1.2 billion shares. And the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

NASDAQ, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2020

Russell rebalance was 1.5 billion shares. And those obviously create lift as well in terms of the auctions
versus the intra-day trading.

Operator

Our next question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS.

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Quick one on COVID and the current pandemic. I mean, you talked about how obviously there's some
negative impacts on the revenues, but also positive on expenses. Anything to note are the positive on the
revenues? I mean, are there new business wins or anything that has come out? New use cases that your
clients have seen where you may be benefiting coming out of this? Or is it too early to tell?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Actually, in a couple of areas, Alex, I think it is actually relevant. So the first is how the demand for more
of our SaaS-based technology is actually elevated during this period because I think, more and more,
the clients are realizing that to have the scalability and the flexibility they want to be able to have, what
I would say, capacity on demand, to be able to manage their infrastructure remotely, all of those things
really benefit from a SaaS market structure, a SaaS market technology.

And certainly, as they've moved a lot of their compliance and surveillance teams remotely, there's
even more demand for our surveillance solutions because they want to make sure that they are able
to propagate those across the firm. So I think those things actually have benefited from the need for
people to be more flexible about where people work and having less reliance on their kind of homegrown
infrastructure.

And so all 5 of the new clients in the market operators that we signed in the quarter were SaaS-based --
delivered into SaaS-based solutions, so they're all our next generation solutions, both in surveillance and
market and trading. And I think that, in general, our overall demand for those types of service has gone
up.

I think the second thing is in the index side. We are continuing to have a lot of great dialogue with our
index partners about new products that we can bring to market that do play into the long-term changes in
the economy and making sure that we deliver indexes that investors feel like they can invest in over the
coming decade that will have a positive trend around them. So I think that's another area that we're really
focused on, Alex, that's more COVID-related.

And then I guess the last thing is on our data analytics platform, Quandl. We are seeing more demand for
certain elements of alternative data because they're trying to get ahead of government data, for instance,
so they're really trying to get much better insights into demand and how it's changing and shifting in the
world. And I do think that a lot of our Quandl products are relevant there. So those are the things that
we're seeing, Alex.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ken Hill with Rosenblatt.

Kenneth William Hill
Rosenblatt Securities Inc., Research Division

I was hoping to ask about Nasdaq Marketplace Services Platform. So I know you guys launched this at the
end of June and have some detail on the website. And I was hoping you could help me kind of narrow the
focus a little bit because it seems to have all -- a lot of great buzzwords in there and have a huge focus
which can do a lot of things that a lot of fintechs and exchanges want to do. So I'm hoping to understand
maybe how you see it specifically positioned within Nasdaq.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

NASDAQ, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2020

I know you mentioned some early wins with LEX there. But then maybe who the natural customer base is
for this and maybe the addressable market for it here over time.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Yes. No problem. So I think it's funny. We always joke with our marketing department on the buzzwords.
So -- but I think that -- let me just kind of break it down. If we think about what we've been investing
in over the last several years in Market Tech, the first thing is what we call Nasdaq Financial Framework,
which is really the platform, the core platform that allows for a microservice architecture. And what that
means is you have this like common data layer, common data management capability, common security
layer, a common code base across everything you're building. And that's kind of the core platform.
Regardless of what functionality you put on top of it and what capabilities you build, it's this common
platform that all of our Market Tech solutions now are built on top of.

And then on top of that, you then build capabilities like functionality, trading, pre-trade risk management,
post trade processing, settlements, surveillance, things like that. What we've done with the Marketplace
Services Platform is essentially completed the trade life cycle in a microservice architecture so that you
can basically deploy a market much faster in the cloud, so everything is fully cloud-native. And you can go
-- and it's a much more kind of a turnkey solution for new markets.

So they can -- the primary client for the Marketplace Services Platform are new markets. They could be
existing clients that want to launch new markets. They want to launch a repos market or they want to
launch something that's in the financial instruments themselves, crypto markets and things like that as
well. Or it can also be used for these kind of this new market concept that we've been talking about in
terms of outside the traditional capital markets.

LEX Markets is a real estate securities platform. It's a really new -- a new construct. And we think that the
Marketplace Services Platform is kind of a perfect use case for that.

And so it's just really creating a full trade life cycle. Our first iteration of it was the matching engine itself,
and now we have a full trade life cycle in that microservice architecture. So hopefully, that helps kind of
break down a bit.

Operator

Our next question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Great. Maybe just shift gears to the expense outlook, and appreciate your comments on that, Mike. The --
just, yes, obviously, a very good performance with the operating margin continuing to grind higher here.
And it looks like the -- about 300 basis points of operating leverage so far halfway through the year, with
6% nontrading revenue growth and 3% op expense growth. So maybe as we move into the second half
of the year, do you think we can still have that type of operating leverage? And maybe just to throw in a
comment on the nontrading revenue growth side in Market Technology with a little bit of a [ some ] on the
new order intake. Does that actually depend on that sales trajectory improving a little bit in the second
half? Sorry for all the bundled question.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

No, no, that's okay. So we've got a discussion of operating leverage and the discussion of order intake in
Market Tech. So I just want to make sure, Michael, do you have any comments on the operating leverage
that you want to start with?

Michael Steven Ptasznik
Executive VP Corporate Strategy & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

NASDAQ, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2020

Well, I think we've covered it to some degree in the remarks, Adena. So obviously, the operating leverage
is getting the benefit from the additional revenue we're receiving on the trading activity in that side of the
business. And we continue to, as we said in my remarks, invest in the business. And so we do think that
there will continue -- for the full year, the overall expense guidance is around that 3% range. So that's
what we're targeting, and that's what it -- when you look at that, in my remarks, we said sort of the mid-
to the upper end of the range with respect to that expense guidance, that's where we come in, around 3%
for the full year.

And then on the revenue side, it's really with respect to what happens with respect to the operating -- or
the revenue activity we have on the trading side, which is what the real driver as to whether it's going to
stay where it is. Increase or decrease, it's dependent somewhat in the short term based on the trading
activity.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Yes. And then on the order intake question for Market Tech, I think the question is, are we dependent on
the same kinds of order intake for us to drive our current year results? And I would say, Brian, that we
certainly continue to see a good pipeline of opportunity with order intake. As I said before, I think that we
are seeing a little bit more moderated order intake this year because of the fact that bigger technology
decisions are taking longer. So that's kind of the chunky, big order intakes that we tend to get from our
larger clients are taking longer as they're managing through their own situation before making significant
changes to their systems or launching new things within their markets.

But I would say that we do continue to see a healthy pipeline. And as we said before, we do see some
risk to our ability to reach the lower end of the growth target for our Market Tech business this year just
because of some of the challenges in terms of time to sales and the way that we're implementing in a
remote environment. But overall, the overall health of that business continues to be really strong, and
demand for our services continue to be really strong.

So I don't have a specific answer to your question about order intake relative to revenue. I'm hoping
that we've given you guys enough understanding of the dynamics we're seeing for you to get the right
conclusion there.

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Yes. And it really definitely looks promising in this environment.

Operator

Our next question comes from Mike Carrier with Bank of America.

Michael Roger Carrier
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

You mentioned that you're more comfortable on the low end of the nontransaction revenue growth range
this year, but expecting some client activity in corporate and tech to be slower, which makes sense. I'm
just curious, if you were seeing this scenario for a longer time period, like are you seeing clients -- and
obviously, I think Nasdaq has been adapting enough, that you could eventually see a pickup in orders, like
if we're in some of this like type of environment for a longer period of time?

And then, Michael, if that is the case and we don't see a pickup in activity, what areas would you have on
kind of the expense side for flexibility?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Sure. So I do think that clients are adapting. It's kind of -- they first had to get through really a surge in
volume and a complete change in their operating model. And so they obviously put certain decisions on

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

NASDAQ, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2020

hold. And then you have the second thing, which is, okay, now we've got to deal with this new normal,
and what does it mean for our business? And so how much, how far are we going to lean in on new
enhancements or new products, new markets?

I think, though, however, there was just an enormous amount of kind of momentum and demand coming
into the year for new markets to launch, for people to try to put more instruments on their platforms
and for them to really drive towards, frankly, a more flexible infrastructure. And so I don't think those
decisions will really be put on hold forever, Mike. I think that a lot of them are just taking a little bit
longer so they know exactly how they're going to make that capital allocation decision while they manage
through a longer-term environment.

The other thing I would say is, obviously, the exchange world in general has done -- has performed well.
And obviously, the markets have performed well. I think that the volume activity is not just here in the
United States, but it's in other countries as well. And so the overall resilience of the business models of
our customers make it so that those types of decisions might take a little longer but will ultimately to be
made because they definitely see the benefit of modernizing their infrastructure.

On the broker-dealer side, I think that a lot of -- some of the sales have been more on those immediate
needs, and that's why our surveillance sales have been really strong. But over time, broker-dealers also
want to optimize their infrastructure. They're going to prioritize things that where they're making money,
and they are making money in trading. So we do think that those are opportunities also in the long-term
to revert back to where we were seeing demand before.

And then I'll turn it over to Michael on the question on expenses.

Michael Steven Ptasznik
Executive VP Corporate Strategy & CFO

Yes. I think it's just a bit of an extension of what Adena was saying with respect to we look at the
expenses in the context of the revenue. And so if we're in a period where this is continuing, and then
obviously, we'll -- along with that, there's a good chance for uncertainty. So we'll be seeing good revenue
or activity on the transactional side of the business. So that goes to really the resiliency of the business.

But obviously, in an environment that we're sitting in, we are seeing the benefit of reduced levels of
spending on some of the discretionary spend or things like travel. Our marketing events have moved
online. And so you save some of the in-person cost and the cost of hosting those events. And we have
moved those online, but then there are some savings that's related to that.

So we'll obviously always look at our discretionary spend, then we'll look at the nonessential initiatives
that we're looking at as an organization that you do over the longer term. But we're definitely going to
here and want to make sure we're clear about this. And continuation of my remarks, that we're continuing
to invest in the capacity and the infrastructure to meet the market's demands. In addition to that, we will
continue to invest in the long-term growth initiatives for the business. And so we will look to manage the
expenses where we can or where possible, but we will continue to invest for the future.

Operator

And our next question comes from Chris Harris with Wells Fargo.

Christopher Meo Harris
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

So there was a decent-sized drop in the U.S. options capture rate in the quarter. Can you talk a little bit
about what's going on there? And then is this a good run rate, would you say, for U.S. options capture?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Sure. So the U.S. options capture is really a function of the level of retail that's come into the options
market because those types of orders tend to gravitate towards the price-time markets as opposed to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

NASDAQ, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2020

the floor-based markets or the complex markets like we have in ISE. So that -- and as you know, the
price-time markets tend to have the lower capture. So I do think it's much more of a trend of retail. Now
whether or not that trend will continue over the long-term is something that we all -- we'd like to see in
general because while the capture is lower, the volumes are up, right? So you have to kind of look at it as
a balance there.

And so in general, we feel that having more participation in the markets, more varied participation in the
markets, some more democratized participation in the markets, those are all good things for the capital
markets in general. And so I would say we just -- Chris, we just have to -- we'll have to see how much --
how resilient the retail is.

But I would say that you should look at it more as a function of that as opposed to concrete or discrete
decisions we've made. It's more just where the volume is going.

Operator

Our next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I was hoping to get to the Info Services segment for a second. Could you guys talk a little bit about
sources of growth, particularly around the U.S. prop business this quarter? As well as a pickup in
investment in data products out there, also seems like to be a pretty nice pickup sequentially. So maybe a
little bit more color there would be helpful.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Yes. Sure. So on the prop products, our proprietary products, we are continuing to find demand for
our products, particularly as, frankly, the retail investing dynamic continues to increase, I think that more
and more of the retail brokerage firms and those firms that are really geared towards retail investors want
to have access to real time information, and we offer it in a really flexible way. And so -- and we work very
hard to be highly competitive with our peers in terms of offering a superior product at a great price. So
that has been an area of growth for us as we've continued to expand the usage of our data across the
broader capital markets ecosystem.

I think that in terms of the data and analytics business, it's been driven by a couple of things. First, we
still continue to have good growth in eVestment, although it's somewhat moderated from last year just
because we've been really working very hard to really solidify the core value proposition that we have for
clients. We changed our pricing model last year, and it's actually really benefiting the resiliency of that
business this year, the usage of our data and analytics this year on eVestment, and it's kind of setting us
up to really continue to drive new -- growth for new product delivery.

So we've had actually a 39% increase in the usage of eVestment this year over last year. And that's really
because more and more of the c-suite of the asset managers are really picking up and leveraging the
eVestment data to make more strategic decisions around how they want to launch products or allocate
their assets to different investment strategies. And I think that will give us a really good position to grow
and expand the product base there.

We also have the benefit of Solovis coming in and also driving growth. They've had -- they have strong
demand for their services. And we actually signed our first kind of Solovis client on the back of it being an
eVestment client. So we are opening doors through our eVestment relationships for the Solovis product.
So I think all of those things are the reasons why we're seeing healthy growth in that business. But we're
also shoring up the resiliency of the business with the change in the pricing.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kyle Voigt with KBW.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

NASDAQ, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2020

Kyle Kenneth Voigt
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Maybe just one on the index business. Wondering if we can get an update on how much of that index
revenue line is driven by AUM-based fees now. I think last update was around 60%.

And I'm wondering if you could help us understand the average fees on assets benchmarked to that
NASDAQ 100, I think primarily in the Qs were, the AUM is up 54% year-over-year versus the total AUM
up 34%. I'm just wondering if there's some favorable mix shifts going on there on top of the really strong
growth.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

So in general, and I just want to make sure, we've been looking at this in terms of percentage of our
revenue in the index business that comes from AUM-driven revenue versus the futures volumes and the
data revenue. And about 60% to 65% of the revenue in the index business comes from AUM, and that's
kind of an average over the -- or a range that we've experienced over the last 2 years. And somewhere in
the range of kind of 10% to 20% comes from the futures volumes. It really just depends on the quarter in
terms of the level of activity there. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of a sense of the scale.

In terms of the fee base, we don't publish fees specifically to index businesses or our specific indexes that
we launched with our clients. But I would say that the NASDAQ 100 Index program and the way that the
partnership we have with Invesco is a long-standing evergreen partnership. So that -- the fee base within
the NASDAQ 100 has been the same for a long time.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ari Ghosh with Crédit Suisse.

Arinash Ghosh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

So Adena, just thinking back to your comments on the index business. If I look at the recent performance,
it's especially noteworthy given that even outside of market beta, organic net flow growth, I believe,
has accelerated to around the 15% range and is outpacing industry trends. So could you just talk about
some of the differentiating factors and moats around your index business versus some of the larger index
players in the industry?

And then looking ahead, just curious where you see the most room for product innovation. Is it around
smart beta, ESG or some other white space out there where you see the most opportunity? Just as we
think about -- you're looking at avenues and opportunities to hit that medium-term growth targets in the
index business.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Sure. So I think that the first thing I would say is the NASDAQ 100 and of NASDAQ Biotech indexes are
just great foundational franchises for us. And then we have a very, I think, actually a great cadre of smart
beta indices that also have done quite well in terms of just leaning into overall thematic trends.

So I just think that we've been pretty good at selecting the types of themes we want to launch in our
index business. We're a little bit more, I would say, of a niche type of player. We don't do every index
that you can possibly imagine. We really do -- we work very closely with our partners to launch products
that we think will have really strong investor demand, but also playing to trend. So the trends that we've
seen as being highly successful are trends around technology: Cloud indices; IT security indices; biotech
indices; and obviously, the flagship NASDAQ 100, which is a -- which has a lot of weighting towards the
technology sector in general. But it's actually a broad-based index that has a lot of sectors in there, but
the technology is obviously the most prevalent.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

NASDAQ, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2020

So I think it's just that our market as well as the indices that we build around our market trends are, I
think, just playing into the next generation of our economy. And I think as a result of that, we've had
this resilience. And even in other down periods, like in 2018, the fourth quarter, we did not have as much
reduction in AUM because even if the market performance was down for the quarter, we saw a lot of
inflows coming in, which offsets obviously drops in market performance.

In this particular case, that's why we noted in my remarks that over 60% of the increase in AUM was
actually from inflows, not just market performance because it does tell you that we're just leaning into a
lot of long-term trends with our indexes.

So hopefully, that answers your question, Ari, on that.

Operator

And we have a follow-up from Alex Kramm from UBS.

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Quick one maybe, maybe not. You mentioned -- Adena, you mentioned ESG 3 times in your prepared
remarks today. So just curious if you can give us a little bit more color on which is obviously a super fast-
growing macro trend. And so any idea how big ESG is for you today, how fast it's been growing? And
where you see -- how much of an impact you can make in the future in terms of potential growth here?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Yes. And that actually goes to Ari's second question, which I didn't answer, which is where do we see
the bigger trends going forward in the index business? And ESG is certainly one of the big macro trends,
and it is an area that we want to make sure that we, again, in a very specific way, that we're also playing
into the ESG trend. We're trying to make sure that we do, for instance, ESG versions of the OMXS30. We
have other ESG-thematic indexes that we're launching with our partners. But that's one area of ESG that
we're definitely focused on, but it's still very small for us, Alex.

I think that the other is actually in our Corporate Services business, where we did make a very small
acquisition in a company called OneReport, but that has really catalyzed demand from our corporate
clients. So our -- I think our largest near-term opportunity, but still coming off of -- we just launched
the ESG advisory service like 18 months ago, so this is still pretty new, is really in helping our customers
navigate a very complex environment around ESG reporting, making it easier for them to report their
information by putting it into one place and having one repository that we then translate and map out
to all the metrics providers. Ultimately, we're going to want to expand that so we can actually map that
directly into institutional investors' databases. And then additionally, making sure that we capture that
information and make it so we can provide our corporate clients with more reports on their own trending,
how they're trending against peers, things like that so that they can get more intelligence from all of the
work they're doing around ESG.

And I think that -- so we see that as kind of a short-term in terms of really building up our consulting
capabilities as well as our technology service to make it easier for them to do the reporting. And then long
term, as we really create even more intelligence for our corporate clients and for institutional investors on
overall trends in that.

And then the last area of ESG that we're focused on, which, again, is still very small from a revenue
perspective, but we definitely see a lot of growing demand for it, is in the Nasdaq Sustainability Bond
Index -- I'm sorry, Nasdaq Sustainable Bond Network, which is really kind of a -- in Europe, it's a
sustainable bond market where they list their bonds and make them available to investors in Europe. In
the U.S., it's not yet a market, but it's essentially a listing venue for people to come in. And we do a lot
of work to make sure we vet the bonds and other financing instruments around sustainability and confirm
that they are, in fact, meeting sustainability needs, and giving those companies access to the market
through the Sustainability Bond Network, sorry. But that's still, again, small.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

NASDAQ, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2020

So if I were to rank-order them in terms of near-term opportunity, I would say the corporate products that
we're launching are definitely the highest near-term opportunities. But all 3 of them have good long-term
opportunities for growth for us, Alex.

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Okay. But too early to give any sort of corporate-wide ESG metrics or revenues, like some of your
information services peers are already doing?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Yes. No, I would say it's too early for us. And they're kind of embedded in different segments. So it's not
something we pull together as one number.

Operator

Thank you. And I would like -- there are no further questions in the queue. I'd like to turn it back to Ms.
Adena Friedman for closing remarks.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Okay. Great. Well, thank you all very much for your time today. We are very pleased to see that our
businesses are delivering strong organic revenue growth in the quarter. Guided by our strategic direction,
we have a clear focus to finish 2020 strong as we reimagine markets to realize the potential of tomorrow.
And we're committing to executing our plans diligently while keeping our employees safe and set up for
success while in the remote environment.

So -- but thank you very much, and have a great day.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

NASDAQ, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 22, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

