NextEra Energy Partners, LP NYSE:NEP
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, April 22, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.45

Revenue  (mm)

295.94

(3.39)

212.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-21-2020 9:07 PM GMT

NM

0.56

2.01

2.20

(28.36 %)

334.49

1385.79

1469.00

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.35

0.55

0.48

0.45

(0.49)

(1.21)

0.50

(3.39)

NM

NM

4.17 %

NM

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

14

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

James L. Robo
Chairman, President & CEO
NextEra Energy, Inc.

John W. Ketchum
President & CEO
NextEra Energy Resources, LLC

Matthew Roskot
Director of Investor Relations
NextEra Energy Partners, LP

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO
NextEra Energy, Inc.

ANALYSTS

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Michael Weinstein
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the NextEra Energy, Inc. and NextEra Energy Partners LP earnings
conference call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to Matt Roskot, Director of Investor Relations. Please go
ahead.

Matthew Roskot
Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, Grant. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our first quarter 2020 combined
earnings conference call for NextEra Energy and NextEra Energy Partners. With me this morning are Jim
Robo, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of NextEra Energy; Rebecca Kujawa, Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer of NextEra Energy; John Ketchum, President and Chief Executive Officer of
NextEra Energy Resources; and Mark Hickson, Executive Vice President of NextEra Energy, all of whom
are also officers of NextEra Energy Partners; as well as Eric Silagy, President and Chief Executive Officer of
Florida Power & Light Company. Jim will provide some opening remarks, and we'll then turn the call over
to Rebecca for a review of our first quarter results. Our executive team will then be available to answer
your questions.

We will be making forward-looking statements during this call based on current expectations and
assumptions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from
our forward-looking statements if any of our key assumptions are incorrect or because of other factors
discussed in today's earnings news release and the comments made during this conference call in the Risk
Factors section of the accompanying presentation or in our latest reports and filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission, each of which can be found on our websites, nexteraenergy.com and
nexteraenergypartners.com. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements.

Today's presentation also includes references to non-GAAP financial measures. You should refer to the
information contained in the slides accompanying today's presentation for definitional information and
reconciliations of historical non-GAAP measures to the closest GAAP financial measure.

With that, I will turn the call over to Jim.

James L. Robo
Chairman, President & CEO

Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everyone. Before I begin, I want to take a moment to extend our
deepest sympathies to all those who've been personally affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. The country
and the world are facing devastating impacts from the spread of the virus, and we remain resolutely
focused on doing our part by continuing to deliver affordable and reliable power. Never before has it
been more clear how critical electricity is to the world, and our team is laser-focused on ensuring its
uninterrupted delivery so first responders can help those in need, businesses can continue to operate
where possible, governments can continue to function and our customers can go about their daily lives to
the greatest extent possible during these challenging times.

As part of NextEra Energy's core commitment to do the right thing, at both FPL and Gulf Power, we have
taken steps to help customers face the challenges that the pandemic has created. Both utilities have
suspended electric disconnections during the state of emergency to ensure our customers have continued
access to power regardless of their economic circumstances. Additionally, next month, the typical FPL and
Gulf Power residential customers will receive a onetime bill decrease of approximately 25% and 40%,
respectively, as an accelerated flowback of lower fuel costs. The NextEra Energy companies and employees
have also committed more than $4 million in emergency assistance funds to provide critical support to the
most vulnerable members of the community. Our hope is that these steps will help customers navigate

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

this difficult and unsettling time and support a more rapid recovery for them in the Florida economy,
generally. We remain deeply engaged in helping Florida return from this pandemic stronger than ever, and
we'll continue to do our part to support that outcome.

It is during challenging times like these that the culture of NextEra Energy shines through, a culture
focused on leadership, accountability, a passion to be the best and a focus on flawless execution. NextEra
Energy's employees have exemplified these characteristics over the past several weeks. I am very proud
of how they've stepped up, once again confirming my belief that we have the best team in the industry
and that our culture and our people are our most important asset. Despite their daily lives being disrupted
by the ongoing effects of the pandemic, our employees' focus on continuing to do their jobs and deliver
an essential resource for customers and our economy has been unwavering. I'd like to take a moment
to thank all NextEra Energy employees for their continued focus, hard work and execution during these
challenging times. It is because of them that I've never been more confident in our ability to deliver on all
our expectations to our customers, shareholders and other stakeholders.

As we focus on execution, the safety of our employees and the community is always our #1 priority.
To ensure that our critical operations, including the grid within Florida and our generating facilities,
particularly our nuclear sites, continue to operate safely and remain available to serve our customers, we
have instituted our pandemic plan, which was most recently updated last year, and have taken aggressive
measures to protect our employees. We understand the critical role that electricity plays in the economy
and the daily lives of Floridians, and FPL and Gulf Power remain steadfastly focused on meeting their
commitments. As we face the challenges created by the pandemic, we are fortunate that preparedness
and crisis planning are in our DNA. For nearly 70 years, we've had annual drills to prepare for disruptions
to our business. And while the circumstances of this situation are unique, it is that preparation to deal
with the unexpected that is allowing our company to continue to deliver for our customers through this
challenging time.

Over the past several months, NextEra Energy has continued to execute across the board. Our
transmission and distribution systems continue to perform in line with their typical high-reliability
standards. The more than $5 billion that FPL has invested since 2006 to build a stronger and smarter grid
allow us to leverage automation and manage the T&D system remotely. That automation and its ability to
limit human intervention has never been more important than today.

Operations at all our generating facilities at FPL, Gulf Power and Energy Resources have been modified to
protect the health and safety of our employees, and the pandemic has not caused any meaningful impacts
at this time. In addition to ensuring continued safe and reliable operations at our plants, our nuclear team
also delivered outstanding performance during the recent refueling outages at St. Lucie and Point Beach.
In fact, the Point Beach refueling outage was one of the shortest outages in our entire nuclear fleet in the
past 20 years. The ongoing outages at Turkey Point and Seabrook also continue to progress well.

One of our most important core values is our commitment to excellence in all that we do. Over a long
period of time, we have invested significant time and effort in developing key strategic partnerships,
particularly related to our supply chain, to help support our ability to execute during challenging times like
these. Over the past several months, our key strategic partners have continued to deliver, highlighting the
value of deep, long-lasting relationships with best-in-class companies. These deep relationships and our
position as the industry leader give us confidence that our equipment deliveries should remain on track
even if others face supply issues over the coming months. Our engineering and construction team also
continues to perform exceptionally well, keeping the largest construction program in NextEra Energy's
history on schedule and on budget. NextEra Energy's financial performance for the first quarter reflects
the strong operating performance across all our businesses, with adjusted EPS increasing more than 8%
year-over-year.

Let me now turn to our strategic focus, which remains unchanged. At FPL and Gulf Power, our focus has
been and will continue to be on delivering an outstanding value proposition of low bills, high reliability,
outstanding customer service and clean energy solutions for our customers. The value of FPL's smart
capital investments that we've made over the past several decades have never -- has never been more
clear. These investments, including FPL's highly efficient generation portfolio and a stronger and smarter

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

grid, are allowing FPL to continue to efficiently -- to continue efficiently delivering affordable, reliable and
clean energy to our customers.

While we continue to monitor the situation, our capital investment program remains on track at FPL
and Gulf Power. The investments that we are making today, including one of the world's largest solar
expansions, are expected to provide meaningful customer benefits over the coming years. As we move
toward the current challenges, it will be important that we continue to provide low-cost, reliable service to
our customers to support their recovery. The flexibility provided by FPL's reserve amortization mechanism,
combined with our best-in-class operational cost effectiveness, help position FPL to meet its financial
commitments while making smart long-term investments during this uncertain time. At Gulf Power, we
remain committed to delivering on the objectives that we have previously outlined and continue to expect
to generate significant customer and shareholder value over the coming years.

Similar to FPL and Gulf Power, our strategic vision at Energy Resources remains unchanged, and we
believe the market opportunity for low-cost renewables has never been greater. In times when consumers
and businesses are dealing with the challenges of economic uncertainty, we expect our customers will help
ease these impacts by lowering the cost of power for their customers through new renewable generation.
Reflecting the strong customer demand for renewables, the Energy Resources team had another terrific
quarter of origination, adding approximately 1,600 megawatts to our backlog since the last earnings
call, including our first 600 megawatts of wind projects for 2022 and beyond. Most of this quarter's
backlog additions were negotiated remotely while employees operated under stay-at-home orders. The
ability to add nearly 1,600 megawatts despite these conditions is a testament to our strong customer
relationships, pipeline and development skills. Also included in these backlog additions are approximately
460 megawatts of battery storage products -- projects, almost all of which will be added to existing solar
sites to take advantage of the ITC and enhance the value of our existing projects for customers.

With the significant recent growth in our battery storage backlog, we increasingly see storage as an
important stand-alone business in its own right. NextEra Energy's battery storage investments in 2021
are now expected to exceed $1 billion, which we believe would be the largest ever annual battery storage
investment by any power company in the world, and have a total gigawatt-hour capacity that discharges
enough electricity to power the entire state of Rhode Island for 4 hours. This highlights the rapid transition
to the next phase of renewables development that pairs low-cost wind and solar energy with a low-cost
battery storage solution. We continue to expect that by the middle of this decade, without incentives,
new near-firm wind and new near-firm solar will be cheaper than the operating cost of most existing
coal, nuclear and less-efficient oil and gas-fired generation units. As a result, we expect that the long-
term projections for wind and solar that we have previously shared will be achieved or exceeded over the
coming decade, representing a tremendous growth opportunity for Energy Resources. As we celebrate
the 50th anniversary of Earth Day today, we are proud of our track record of improving the environment,
particularly through the CO2 reductions that we've delivered as a result of our clean energy efforts across
the country. We are at the vanguard of building a sustainable energy era that is both clean and affordable,
and we are driving very hard to continue to be at the forefront of the disruption that is occurring within
the energy sector.

To capitalize on this significant growth opportunity, Energy Resources expects to extend its long track
record of excellence in execution. By leveraging our strong relationships with our equipment suppliers and
contractors that I previously mentioned and using the significant experience that we've developed over our
more than 20 years in the renewable business, we've been able to keep our construction program on track
despite the significant disruptions that are occurring both globally and locally. Energy Resources' 2020
wind turbine deliveries remain ahead of schedule, and we're not currently experiencing any significant
equipment or labor issues at any of the more than 5,000 megawatts of wind and solar projects that we
expect to complete this year. While we continue to monitor this situation closely, we expect that all of our
planned 2020 renewable construction projects will achieve their in-service dates this year and believe that
we will extend our track record of having never missed a PTC deadline on one of our wind projects.

Energy Resources' track record of execution has been a key competitive advantage over time. In periods
of uncertainty like we are currently experiencing, we expect customers will increasingly want confidence
in a company's ability to deliver on its commitments. Energy Resources' extensive experience, combined

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

with our customer, supplier, contractor and financing relationships, all separate us from other developers
during these challenging times. In addition, we expect that some of our competitors may falter as a result
of these challenges, and we will look to leverage any opportunities that this may present.

To support the execution of FPL, Gulf Power and Energy Resources' strategic objectives, over the past
several months, we've focused on ensuring NextEra Energy's continued strong access to capital. The
strength of NextEra Energy's balance sheet and access to ample liquidity have always been and will
always continue to be a core strategic focus for us. In times of financial market disruption like we've
recently experienced, the value of balance sheet strength and access to liquidity have become even
more apparent. We entered the year with meaningful cushion against our credit metrics and access to
significant liquidity through the largest and most diversified bank group in our sector and maintenance
of the industry's largest credit facilities. In the middle of February, we issued $2.5 billion in equity units
to add additional cushion against our credit metrics and further supplement our liquidity. Additionally,
since the market disruption began, we further improved our liquidity position with an additional roughly
$4 billion in longer-term financings, including $1.1 billion FPL first mortgage bonds, $1.25 billion of
capital holdings debentures and an additional $1.8 billion in capital holdings term loans. Following these
issuances, NextEra Energy now has approximately $12 billion in liquidity to help support the largest capital
investment program in our history, and we plan to continue to be prudent in our financing plan going
forward.

In summary, NextEra Energy remains well positioned to continue to execute over both the near and long-
term horizons. Over a long period of time, we have focused on building a business that is resilient and
able to deliver for our customers and shareholders regardless of the economic and market conditions,
and we remain laser-focused on extending that track record today. Even throughout the greatest market
dislocations last month, NextEra Energy maintained ongoing access to capital, which is a reflection of the
strength of its balance sheet as well as the overall resilience of NextEra Energy's underlying businesses.
FPL and Gulf Power operate in what we believe is one of the most constructive regulatory environments
in the country. The strength of FPL and Gulf Power's balance sheets and capital structures, combined with
the constructive, stable and forward-thinking approach of Florida's regulatory environment and our long
track record of execution, should provide investors confidence that both companies will continue to be able
to deliver for customers and perform well in a variety of economic environments. At Energy Resources,
the portfolio is focused on long-term contracted clean energy projects with high credit quality customers,
which we expect will be largely insulated from changes in the underlying economy.

Despite the current economic challenges and as a result of the strength and diversity of NextEra Energy's
underlying businesses, I will be disappointed if we are not able to deliver financial results at or near
the top end of our adjusted earnings per share expectation ranges in 2020, 2021 and 2022 while at the
same time maintaining our strong credit ratings and, most importantly, continuing to reliably deliver for
our customers. While our expectations always assume normal weather and operating conditions, I have
confidence in our ability to meet these expectations even when accounting for a reasonable range of
impacts and outcomes that may result from the current pandemic.

Let me now turn to NextEra Energy Partners. While the COVID-19 pandemic has created significant
uncertainty throughout the economy, NextEra Energy Partners remains well positioned to continue to
deliver on its objectives and its commitments. We do not currently expect any material financial or
operational impacts as a result of the pandemic. Additionally, as a result of the actions that we took last
year, including 2 significant acquisitions, the organic growth investments that are being executed and
the steps taken to reduce its overall cost of capital, NextEra Energy Partners entered 2020 particularly
well positioned. This favorable positioning is even more valuable during times of uncertainty like we
are experiencing today. The benefit of last year's execution is apparent in our first quarter results, with
adjusted EBITDA and cash available for distribution increasing roughly 30% and 200%, respectively,
year-over-year. We expect to achieve NextEra Energy Partners' 2020 distribution growth objectives while
maintaining a trailing 12-month payout ratio in the mid-70% range even after excluding cash distributions
from our Desert Sunlight projects, highlighting the significant flexibility NEP has going forward. While we
will continue to be opportunistic, a favorable position with which NextEra Energy Partners entered the year
gives it the flexibility to achieve its long-term distribution growth objectives without the need to make any
acquisitions until 2022, 1 year later than we have previously disclosed.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

NextEra Energy Partners' liquidity position also supports its flexibility in achieving its long-term growth
objectives. At the end of the first quarter, NextEra Energy Partners maintained a liquidity -- a net liquidity
position, including cash on hand, of approximately $650 million. NextEra Energy Partners' only near-term
debt maturity is a $300 million convertible debt issuance that matures in September of this year, which
may be converted to NEP units if the conversion price is achieved. Without any near-term acquisition
needs and no other corporate-level debt maturities until 2024, NextEra Energy Partners maintains
significant liquidity to help achieve its objectives. The steps that NextEra Energy Partners has executed
in the past year, such as the upsize and extension of its revolving credit facility as well as the project
recapitalizations that create significant project finance debt capacity within the NEP portfolio, give us
confidence that sufficient liquidity will be maintained.

We also expect that the diversification of financing alternatives that NEP has pursued since its IPO will
provide flexibility and continued access to capital regardless of potential disruption in the capital markets.
By leveraging the significant private infrastructure capital that has a strong demand for high-quality,
long-term contracted clean energy assets, NextEra Energy Partners maintains an attractive additional
financing source. In summary, we believe NEP is well positioned to execute on accretive acquisitions for LP
unitholders going forward.

With the tremendous expected long-term renewables growth, combined with the strength of NextEra
Energy Partners' existing portfolio and continued access to low-cost sources of capital, we believe NEP is
uniquely positioned to take advantage of the disruptive factors reshaping the energy industry. With access
to Energy Resources' unparalleled portfolio of renewables projects that now totals roughly 25 gigawatts,
including the signed backlog, as well as the ability to execute on third-party acquisitions and organic
growth opportunities, we have as much confidence in NextEra Energy Partners' long-term future as we
ever have had. We look forward to delivering on that potential over the coming years.

In closing, while the COVID-19 pandemic has created significant uncertainty throughout the economy,
it has not changed the fundamental value proposition of NextEra Energy or NextEra Energy Partners.
Over a long period of time, we focused on building resilient companies that are able to deliver on all their
commitments throughout market and economic cycles and we entered the current period of disruption
uniquely well positioned. Despite the ongoing challenges, the core strategic focus across all of our
businesses remains unchanged and we believe we are well positioned to deliver on our objectives going
forward.

I'll now turn the call over to Rebecca to review the first quarter results.

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Let's now turn to the detailed results, beginning with FPL.
For the first quarter of 2020, FPL reported net income of $642 million or $1.31 per share. Earnings per
share increased $0.09 year-over-year. Regulatory capital employed increased by approximately 9% over
the same quarter last year and was the principal driver of FPL's net income growth of roughly 9%. FPL's
capital expenditures were approximately $1.4 billion for the quarter, and we expect our full year capital
investments to be between $5.8 billion and $6.3 billion.

FPL's reported ROE, for regulatory purposes, will be approximately 11.6% for the 12 months ending March
2020, which is at the upper end of the allowed band of 9.6% to 11.6% under our current rate agreement.
During the quarter, we utilized $149 million of reserve amortization to achieve our target regulatory
ROE, leaving FPL with a balance of $744 million. The amount of reserve amortization that FPL utilized
this quarter was below that was -- which was utilized in the first quarter of 2019. As we've previously
discussed, FPL historically utilizes more reserve amortization in the first half of the year given the pattern
of its underlying revenues and expenses, and we expect this year to be no different. We continue to
expect that FPL will end 2020 with a sufficient amount of reserve amortization to continue operating under
the base rate settlement agreement through 2021, creating further customer benefits by avoiding a base
rate increase during this time.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

Turning to our development efforts. We recently filed an updated 10-year site plan for FPL and Gulf Power
that highlights the next phase of smart capital investment opportunities across Florida systems. The filing
reflects an expectation that FPL and Gulf Power will begin to operate as an integrated electric system
in 2022. As we've previously discussed, since the acquisition closed in 2019, FPL and Gulf Power have
been reviewing the potential benefits of merging into a single, larger Florida utility company. Based on
this review, the companies expect that a merger will create both operational and financial benefits for its
customers. As a result, FPL and Gulf Power plan to take additional steps to merge over the coming months
and continue to expect to file a combined rate case in the first quarter of 2021 for new rates effective in
January of 2022.

The combined 10-year site plan projects an approximately 70% increase in the amount of zero-emission
electricity that is generated in 2029 relative to 2019, as a result of FPL's continued rapid expansion of
solar energy through the execution of its 30-by-30 plan. By the end of this decade, FPL projects that
it will have more than 10,000 megawatts of installed solar capacity, including nearly 1,600 megawatts
within the current Gulf Power service territory. Of this total capacity, approximately 1,500 megawatts
are expected to be constructed under FPL's recently approved SolarTogether program, which is the
nation's largest community solar program. Since the official launch of the program last month, customer
demand across all rate classes has been substantial, with demand from residential customers in 1 week
surpassing the total residential private solar capacity that has been installed over the past 10 years. This
strong demand is a reflection of increasing customer interest in cost-effective clean energy solutions. The
innovative program is expected to generate $249 million of total net cost savings for participating and
nonparticipating customers over its life.

Beyond the significant solar expansion, the 10-year site plan also highlights FPL's other efforts to supply
its customers with energy that is both clean and affordable. Relative to last year's site plan, there is a
dramatic increase in the battery storage deployment with a total of approximately 1,200 megawatts of
storage capacity now expected by 2029. Additionally, the site plan reflects FPL eliminating essentially all
of the coal from its integrated system, including the phaseout of its last operating coal plant within Florida
later this year. Finally, this year's site plan reflects FPL further diversifying its generation portfolio with the
elimination of the combined-cycle natural gas plants at FPL and Gulf Power that were previously expected
to be constructed in the middle of this decade. This plan reflects our belief that renewable generation, and
particularly solar paired with battery storage in Florida, is an increasingly cost-effective form of generation
in most parts of the U.S. As FPL and Gulf power execute on these opportunities to further modernize their
combined generation fleet, we expect to enhance our customer value proposition while also reducing our
CO2 emissions rate, which is already among the lowest in the nation and is targeted to be 67% below the
2005 U.S. electric industry average by 2030.

Despite the challenges presented by the COVID-19 pandemic, all of FPL's major capital projects remain
on track and on budget. In late January, the first 6 SolarTogether projects, totaling approximately 450
megawatts, entered service. An additional 450 megawatts of SolarTogether sites as well as the final 300
megawatts of solar being built under the solar base rate adjustment, or SoBRA, mechanism of FPL's base
rate settlement agreement remain on track to be placed in service this year. Beyond solar, construction of
the highly efficient, roughly 1,200 megawatt Dania Beach Clean Energy Center remains on schedule and
on budget as it continues to advance towards its projected commercial operations date in 2022.

We continue to expect that FPL's ongoing smart investment opportunities will support the compound
annual growth rate in regulatory capital employed of approximately 9% from 2018 through 2022 while
further enhancing our best-in-class value proposition.

Let me now turn to Gulf Power, which reported first quarter 2020 net income of $40 million or $0.08
per share. Gulf's capital expenditures were $340 million for the quarter, as it continues to execute on
smart capital investments for the benefit of customers, and we continue to expect its full capital -- full
year capital investments to be between $800 million and $900 million. As a result of these ongoing
investments, regulatory capital employed increased by approximately 25% year-over-year. Gulf Power's
reported ROE, for regulatory purposes, will be approximately 11.2% for the 12 months ending March
2020.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

The overall execution of Gulf Power's capital program continues to progress well. Gulf Power's first solar
project, the roughly 75-megawatt Blue Indigo Solar Energy Center, was placed in service earlier this
month. All of its other major capital investments, including the North Florida Resiliency Connection and the
Plant Crist coal-to-natural gas conversion, continue to remain on track.

Similar to S&P's 1-notch upgrade of both FPL and Gulf Power in late December, Fitch recently upgraded
Gulf's credit ratings by 1 notch as well, citing its strong financial position resulting from the reduction
in operating costs and ongoing modernization efforts. We are pleased with these upgrades, which we
believe are a reflection of successful execution since the Gulf Power acquisition closed and which further
strengthen NextEra Energy's overall credit position.

Similar to other parts of the country, the Florida economy is being impacted by the ongoing COVID-19
pandemic. Recent economic data reflects Florida unemployment rate beginning to increase and a
significant decline in consumer confidence. As Florida continues to deal with the impacts of the pandemic,
we are encouraged that the trailing 7-day average of new COVID-19 cases has modestly declined in the
past 2 weeks. While it is unclear at this point how severely the economy will be impacted, we believe the
strength with which Florida entered this crisis, combined with the continued attraction of its low-tax, pro-
business policies, position Florida well for a rebound once the worst of the pandemic is behind us.

During the quarter, FPL's average number of customers continued its recent trend of strong underlying
growth, increasing by approximately 72,000 from the comparable prior year quarter. FPL's first quarter
retail sales increased 3.3% year-over-year, driven primarily by a favorable weather comparison. On a
weather-normalized basis, FPL's retail sales declined by 0.7% as customer growth was more than offset by
a reduction in underlying usage per customer.

We continue to evaluate the effects of the pandemic on FPL's retail sales, which are heavily weighted to
residential customers at more than 50%, and then we have a very limited exposure to industrial load
at less than 3%. Additionally, since approximately 40% of FPL's load is cooling-related and, therefore,
important for both comfort and building maintenance, we expect this demand driver to remain relatively
stable especially as we head into the warmer months of the year. Weather-normalized retail sales for the
past 4 weeks are down approximately 2% relative to the prior 2 years with increased residential sales
partially offsetting declines in other classes. However, this underlying usage decline has been more than
offset by strong weather with overall usage in the past 4 weeks increasing nearly 10% relative to the
prior 2-year average. While the ultimate impacts of the pandemic on underlying usage cannot be known
at this time, we continue to expect the flexibility provided by a reserve amortization mechanism to offset
any fluctuation in retail sales or bad debt expense and support a regulatory ROE at the upper end of the
allowed band of 9.6% to 11.6% under our current rate agreement.

For Gulf Power, the average number of customers increased approximately 1.1% versus the comparable
prior year quarter. Gulf Power's first quarter retail sales increased roughly 0.6% year-over-year as
customer growth and an increase in underlying usage per customer were largely offset by an unfavorable
weather comparison relative to 2019. Over the last 4 weeks, Gulf Power's weather-normalized retail sales
have declined approximately 9% versus the prior 2-year average. Similar to FPL, over this period, strong
weather offset the decline in underlying usage and overall retail sales increased nearly 4% versus the prior
2-year average. As a reminder, unlike FPL, Gulf Power does not have a reserve amortization mechanism
under its settlement agreement to offset the fluctuations in revenues or costs, so any variability would,
therefore, have more impact to Gulf's earnings and ROE than on FPL. As we have often discussed, weather
normalization is imprecise and is particularly so when evaluating short periods of time. We are providing
our assessment of the changes in load in an effort to be transparent but caution that these should be
considered as indicative and assessed together with the overall changes in usage. Additional details on
retail sales at FPL and Gulf Power are included in the appendix of today's presentation.

Let me now turn to Energy Resources, which reported first quarter 2020 GAAP earnings of $318 million or
$0.65 per share and adjusted earnings of $529 million or $1.08 per share. This is an increase in adjusted
earnings per share of $0.11 or approximately 11% from last year's comparable quarter results. As a
reminder, last year's first quarter results have been restated to reflect the results of our NextEra Energy
transmission projects formerly reported in the Corporate and Other segment.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

New investments, including more than 1,500 megawatts of new contracted wind and solar projects that
were commissioned during 2019, added $0.08 per share. Contributions from existing generation assets
also increased by $0.09 per share due to an improvement in wind resource and increased PTC volume
from our repowered wind projects. Fleet-wide wind resource was at 96% of the long-term average versus
91% during the first quarter of 2019. Also contributing favorably were NextEra Energy Transmission,
where contributions increased by $0.04 versus 2019 and our gas infrastructure business, including our
existing pipelines, which increased results by $0.02 year-over-year. These favorable contributions were
partially offset by lower contributions from our customer supply and trading business, which declined
$0.02 versus the particularly strong first quarter last year. All other impacts reduced results by $0.10 per
share, primarily as a result of increased interest expense, reflecting continued growth in the business and
share dilution.

As Jim mentioned earlier, Energy Resources development team had another strong quarter of origination.
Since the last call, we've added 1,590 megawatts of renewable projects to our backlog, including 600
megawatts of wind, 420 megawatts of solar, 457 megawatts of battery storage and 113 megawatts of
wind repowering projects. With this quarter's backlog additions and with 2.5 years remaining in the
period, we are now well within the 2019 to 2022 renewables development ranges that we introduced in
the middle of last year. At this early stage, we are tracking extremely well against the total development
forecast for this period, and our backlog continues to track against the assumptions supporting our
previously announced financial expectations. For the post-2022 period, our backlog now includes wind,
solar and storage projects, totaling approximately 3,200 megawatts, placing us far ahead of our historical
origination at this stage and further supporting Energy Resources' long-term growth visibility.

Beyond renewables, we continue to work with our partners on Mountain Valley Pipeline and with the
relevant agencies to resolve the issues related to MVP's biological opinion. We are encouraged by the tone
of the oral arguments at the Supreme Court on the Atlantic Coast Pipeline's case related to its Appalachian
Trail crossing authorization and remain hopeful that the Fourth Circuit Court's original decision will be
overturned, resolving similar issues for MVP. We are also evaluating the recent Montana federal court
decision purporting to enjoin the Army Corps of Engineers from issuing permits under the Nationwide 12
program. We believe the ruling out of the court is incorrect and anticipate that the federal government will
seek to fix the situation rapidly. Assuming a successful resolution along the currently expected time line of
all of these issues, we continue to target a full in-service date for the pipeline during 2020 and expect an
overall project estimate of approximately $5.4 billion.

Turning now to the consolidated results for NextEra Energy. For the first quarter of 2020, GAAP net
income attributable to NextEra Energy was $421 million or $0.86 per share. NextEra Energy's 2020 first
quarter adjusted earnings and adjusted EPS were $1.17 billion and $2.38 per share, respectively. Adjusted
earnings from the Corporate and Other segment were roughly flat year-over-year.

As Jim mentioned, NextEra Energy's current liquidity position is approximately $12 billion, ensuring
that we are well positioned to execute on our strategic plans regardless of potential market disruptions.
The financing that we have executed year-to-date represent a significant portion of our expected 2020
financing plan, and we remain confident about our ability to execute the financing plan for the balance
of the year and beyond. In the near term, we have the positive cash balances helping to ensure ample
liquidity as we execute on our current investment programs. Energy Resources currently has commitments
for substantially all of its expected 2020 tax equity financings, which we expect to close as the renewable
projects are placed in service later this year.

The financial expectations, which we extended last year through 2022, remain unchanged. We continue
to expect that NextEra Energy's adjusted EPS compound annual growth rate to be in a range of 6% to 8%
through 2021, off of the 2018 adjusted EPS of $7.70, plus the accretion of $0.15 and $0.20 in 2020 and
2021, respectively, from the Florida acquisitions. For 2020, we continue to expect our adjusted EPS to be
in the range of $8.70 to $9.20. And as Jim highlighted, we will be disappointed if we are not able to deliver
financial results at or near the top end of this range. For 2022, we expect to grow adjusted EPS in a range
of 6% to 8% off of the 2021 adjusted EPS, translating to a range of $10 to $10.75 per share. From 2018
to 2022, we continue to expect that operating cash flow will grow roughly in line with our adjusted EPS
compound annual growth rate range. As Jim noted, while our expectations always assume normal weather

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

and operating conditions, as we consider a reasonable range of impacts related to the current pandemic,
we feel comfortable with the expectations that we have outlined.

As we announced in February, the Board of NextEra Energy approved the -- an updated dividend policy for
beyond 2020, which is expected to translate to a growth rate in dividends per share of roughly 10% per
year through at least 2022 off of a 2020 base. The Board's approval to continue to grow our dividends per
share in excess of our expected adjusted earnings per share growth rate is a reflection of the continued
strength in earnings and operating cash flow growth at NextEra Energy, and we remain well positioned to
support the dividend policy going forward.

Let me now turn to NextEra Energy Partners, which delivered outstanding operational and financial
performance for the quarter. First quarter adjusted EBITDA was $294 million and cash available for
distribution, including all distributions from our Desert Sunlight projects in both periods, was $130 million,
up 31% and more than 200%, respectively, against the prior year comparable quarter. Including full
contributions from the Desert Sunlight projects, NextEra Energy Partners would have achieved CAFD
growth of 187% versus 2019.

Contributions from portfolio acquisitions and an improvement in wind resource were the principal drivers
of growth. New projects added $54 million of adjusted EBITDA and $44 million of cash available for
distribution. For the NEP portfolio, wind resource was 98% of the long-term average versus 89% in the
first quarter of 2019. Cash available for distribution also benefited from a reduction in project-level debt
service, primarily as a result of the retirement of the outstanding notes at our Genesis project and the
receipt of higher year-over-year PAYGO payments. The reduction in project-level debt service was partially
offset by higher corporate-level interest expense. As a reminder, these results are net of IDR fees since we
consider these as an operating expense. Additional details are shown on the accompanying slide.

Yesterday, the NextEra Energy Partners Board declared a quarterly distribution of $0.555 per common unit
or $2.22 per common unit on an annualized basis, continuing our track record of growing distributions at
the top end of our 12% to 15% per year growth rate range.

As Jim mentioned earlier, the transactions that NextEra Energy Partners executed in 2019 allowed it to
enter 2020 well positioned to withstand the recent market turmoil. During 2019, NextEra Energy Partners
raised approximately $1.8 billion through 3 convertible equity portfolio financings. With low initial coupons,
the convertible equity portfolio of financings provide more cash to LP unitholders, which we expect will
allow NextEra Energy Partners to acquire fewer assets to achieve the same level of future distribution
growth and, therefore, also reduce future financing needs. The benefits of these financings are a large
reason that NextEra Energy Partners now has the flexibility to execute on its long-term distribution growth
objectives without the need for additional asset acquisitions until 2022. At times of market stress, reduced
future asset and financing needs are a tremendous advantage and help further improve NextEra Energy
Partners' ability to execute on its long-term growth objectives.

As NextEra Partners advanced towards its organic growth investments in 2019, it took steps to support the
financing for these investment opportunities as well. Through the recapitalization of the Texas Pipelines,
a project finance facility related to the Meade Pipeline expansion project and its advanced discussions for
tax equity financing related to the 2 wind repowerings, NextEra Energy Partners expects to finance these
accretive investments through attractive sources of long-term capital.

Last year, NextEra Energy Partners also purchased all of the outstanding holding company and operating
company notes at our Genesis project. Assuming favorable resolution for our PG&E-related assets, about
which we continue to remain confident, the cash flows from the Genesis project can support significant
long-term financing capacity. Additionally, following PG&E's emergence from bankruptcy, we expect cash
that is currently trapped at our Desert Sunlight 250 and 300 projects to be distributed. As of the end
of the first quarter, approximately $48 million of distributions have been restricted or withheld at the
projects. The Genesis financing capacity and the release of the Desert Sunlight trapped cash are additional
potential sources of capital and liquidity for NextEra Energy Partners.

Finally, over the last year, NextEra Energy Partners' revolving credit facility was upsized by $500 million
to $1.25 billion, and the term was extended out to 2025. This incremental liquidity further supports

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

NextEra Energy Partners' financing position and provides flexibility in how NEP executes on its long-term
growth objectives. Prudent capital management is a hallmark of our approach to how we manage all of
our businesses. As a result of the actions taken over the past year, we believe NextEra Energy Partners is
particularly well positioned to achieve its long-term growth expectations.

Let me now turn to NextEra Energy Partners' expectations, which remain unchanged. Including full
contributions, PG&E-related projects, year-end 2020 run rate cash available for distribution is expected
to be in a range of $560 million to $640 million, reflecting calendar year '21 -- 2021 expectations for the
forecasted portfolio at the end of 2020. Excluding all contributions from the Desert Sunlight projects,
NextEra Energy Partners continues to expect year-end 2020 run rate for CAFD to be in the range of $505
million to $585 million. Year-end 2020 run rate adjusted EBITDA is expected to be in a range of $1.225
billion to $1.4 billion, which assumes full contributions from the projects related to PG&E as revenue is
expected to continue to be recognized. Similar to NextEra Energy, while our expectations always assume
normal weather and operating conditions, as we consider a reasonable range of impacts related to the
current pandemic, we continue to feel comfortable with these expectations. As a reminder, all of our
expectations include the impact of anticipated IDR fees as we treat these as an operating expense.

From a base of our fourth quarter 2019 distribution per common unit at an annualized rate of $2.14,
we continue to see 12% to 15% growth per year in LP distributions as being a reasonable range of
expectations through at least 2024. We expect the annualized rate of fourth quarter 2020 distribution that
is payable in February 2021 to be in a range of $2.40 to $2.46 per common unit. As I previously noted,
NextEra Energy Partners now expects to be able to achieve its long-term distribution growth expectations
without the need for additional asset acquisitions until 2022.

In summary, and as Jim highlighted, we continue to believe that despite the ongoing challenges in the
market and the economy, both NextEra Energy and NextEra Energy Partners continue to execute and
maintain their excellent prospects for growth. We continue to remain enthusiastic about our future and are
focused on delivering shareholder value going forward.
That concludes our prepared remarks. And with that, we will open up the line for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. It
looks like we're going to go with Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

So a couple of questions here. First, on the regulatory side, we've seen commissions get a bit challenged
in 2020 proceedings, they're delaying schedules. In some states, the process to reengage is kind of
open-ended. I know you have one of your peers is looking to file in Florida later this year, and you guys
aren't planning to file a GRC until early next year, combining the 2 entities. That said, you guys are in the
process of preparing, you're fact-finding, you're meeting with various stakeholders within and outside of
NextEra. Are you seeing any sort of COVID-related delays, especially as you're currently setting up to file
a rate case in early next year?

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Shar, I appreciate the question. And of course, regulatory -- any sort of procedures and questions that
we have in front of the regulators are of top of mind to us. But as we've highlighted over the last couple
of months and very typical with prior preparation, our focus for this year ahead of our potential filing at
the beginning of next year is really preparation and laying a lot of groundwork. So at this stage, in April,
we've got a lot of time between now and year-end and really into the beginning of next year to evaluate
how things have changed and adapt accordingly. But at this point, our team's focus is very much on the
preparation and we continue to progress well on that.

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Got it. And then just on near, obviously a very solid addition to the backlog. And you certainly -- you and
Jim gave a pretty good development landscape in the prepared remarks. But are you sort of seeing any
hesitation on the part of counterparties? Does the current economic drop -- backdrop kind of deteriorate
some of these counterparties? And you still have about 4.5 to 5 gigawatts that are waiting for PPAs over
the next couple of years. So I'm just curious if you're seeing any kind of counterparties balk.

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Shar, we're very pleased with where we are. Obviously highlighted in the prepared remarks that we are
now well within the range for the development expectations that we laid out last year, which, at this stage,
in progression towards the end of 2022. We are very well positioned to execute on everything that we've
laid out. More specifically in the last couple of weeks, as we also highlighted in the prepared remarks, John
and the Energy Resources team have executed terrifically well. And many, if not most, of those contracts
that we highlighted have been signed since the pandemic was starting to emerge and, ultimately, on
the top of mind of our customers. So if you think about the backdrop of why that might be, renewables
are the least cost form of generation and, in many cases, are far cheaper than the alternative form of
generation of continuing to operate very inexpensive -- or excuse me, very expensive and inefficient coal
and some nuclear facilities. And our customers will save their customers' money when they turn those
plants off and replace them with renewables. So we would expect that as our customers focus on what's
best for their customers, they will continue to continue to want to build renewables into their portfolio, and
we're very well positioned to execute.

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

Got it. And then maybe, just one...

John W. Ketchum
President & CEO

Yes. And Shar, this is John. I may just add on to that. We are seeing just a terrific development
environment in front of us for all the reasons that Rebecca mentioned. And the fact that we buy cheaper,
we build cheaper, we operate cheaper, we have the best development skills in the industry, customers
more than anything right now want confidence and certainty that a project is going to get built. So we
are actually seeing more opportunities come our way. And given that we compete against a lot of small
players in both solar and wind, access to capital and a balance sheet, which we have, are extremely
important and are something that we plan to leverage to create even more opportunities going forward.
So actually, the current environment has created a better environment for us.

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Perfect. And then just maybe on -- Jim, just one strategy question for you. I know you love to address
this. There's obviously been a lot of valuation dispersions in the space. Jacksonville and Santee Cooper
looks like they're done. I mean you've been highlighted in media with potential interest in Kansas and
Missouri. Do you have any sort of refreshed thoughts, especially given the recent lost opportunities I kind
of just mentioned as you sort of think about consolidation?

James L. Robo
Chairman, President & CEO

So first of all, just to address Santee Cooper for a moment, Santee Cooper is by no means done. I think
you all saw the Speaker of the House sent a letter to Santee Cooper calling them a rogue agency. The
Governor wants to sell them. So it's not done. The disagreements in the Senate around what to do with
Santee Cooper led to a bit of a standoff around the budget in the middle of the pandemic. And you can --
obviously, it's a topic that is quite hotly debated in South Carolina. But I would say by no means is Santee
Cooper done. And there remains a lot of energy still behind wanting to sell Santee Cooper.

So just strategically, overall, from an M&A standpoint, I always like to just remind everyone always what
are kind of gating elements of anything that we would do. It has to make sense strategically. It has to be
significantly accretive. You all know how we finance these things historically. It's been with very little risk.
I'm not a big believer in financing these things in a way that either takes risk or puts the balance sheet at
risk. A strong credit rating is really critical to us and critical to our strategy. So all those things remain the
same. I think what you're going to see in terms of the environment, obviously, is with the uncertainty in
the financial markets, I mean, uncertainty that's -- with the economy that's been driven by the pandemic
that I think you're going to see counterparties take a pause, right? I mean that's a natural reaction to the
environment that we're in. But our strategic thinking around it remains unchanged and our approach to it
remains unchanged in that it will be -- has to be strategic, has to be accretive, has to be consistent with a
very strong balance sheet.

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Got it. Congrats guys on these results. Congrats again.

James L. Robo
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you.

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Thank you.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

Operator

Our next question will come from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Just a couple of questions on NEP. Initially, the extension of not needing any new assets through '20
-- I guess through the end of '21 to meet your dividend growth targets, is that also true for any equity
financing through then?

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Yes. Essentially, Steve, there wouldn't be any need. Obviously, we have the existing convertible equity
portfolio financings and the convertible to debt that would potentially convert into equity units later this
year. But there's no new issuances required. And we highlighted on the -- in the prepared remarks that we
have significant liquidity far in excess of what we would need, particularly since we don't need acquisitions
to meet those distribution growth targets until 2022.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Got it. And then secondly, I think there was a comment, and I guess it was Jim's slide, that the private
infrastructure capital demand for high-quality clean energy assets provides attractive financing source
even in this environment or regardless of market conditions. Maybe give a little more color on your
thought process there.

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Yes. Steve, as you well know, one of the things that we've been particularly attuned to over the last,
I'll call it, 18 months, is that there is a lot of private infrastructure capital. And the evidence of that
is apparent with the convertible equity portfolio financings that we've executed since that time. And
since the -- I'll just call it the pandemic time frame, so in the last couple of months, there's continued
to be a significant amount of inbound interest and continuing conversations with the number of those
parties to provide capital to NEP in various forms. So we have not seen any changes in interest moving
forward and continue to be very confident in our ability to leverage those type of capital resources as we
move forward. And we're fortunate in a position that we don't need to do anything, as we highlighted,
until 2022. But we, of course, will continue to be opportunistic. And to the extent that there are good
opportunities for NEP that our attractive and accretive to NEP unitholders, we may well take advantage of
that.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. And then a last question just on renewables overall. So I think if I understood right, you're seeing
the same amount of demand for growth if -- so no change there. John, you mentioned the fact that people
maybe want a stronger counterparty these days. But then the other thing I think I heard someone say
was -- or it might have been Jim say the opportunities might be there more for acquisitions or projects
that people struggle to get done in time. Could you maybe talk on that last point and how meaningful that
opportunity could be?

James L. Robo
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Steve, it's -- I think it could be quite meaningful. If you look back at '08 and '09, we had a lot of
opportunities in that time where you had developers who didn't have great access to capital. And we were
a source of capital for them. I just want to reiterate something that John said. If anything, the renewable
market is better right now than I ever expected it to be. We just -- I just got through with a review of our

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

entire portfolio of projects and activity last week. And honestly, I was really struck by the acceleration
of activity that we're seeing. And so it is full speed ahead on that front. And I was very encouraged to
see that. And it was really, as we said in the prepared remarks, a real testament to the strength of our
development team and the strength of our pipeline and the strength of our people and our relationships.

Operator

Our next question will come from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Just coming back to the first part with the Florida utilities quickly. When you think about the reserve
amortization, the available balance here, the trajectory for load as you see it -- and again, I understand
numerous caveats. I think I heard it in the commentary but I just want to clarify. The confidence that the
balance that you have for this year will suffice and then perhaps more importantly and critically, as you
look towards whatever that normalization is in subsequent years and a rate case cycle, how do you think
about implementing something like reserve amortization subsequently again as you look at the post rate
case periods here to minimize some of the earnings volume.

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Okay. Let me start with the reserve amortization. We highlighted in the remarks that the balance is now at
$744 million, and we continue to have confidence that cost containment and all of the factors, that pluses
and minuses to that reserve amortization balance will continue to be sufficient for us to operate under the
settlement agreement through the end of 2021. So really no change to our expectations that we again
would file a rate case in '21 for new rates effective in 2022. Reserve amortization has been, we think, a
very constructive concept in Florida regulation, particularly FPL, over a number of different settlement
agreements and ultimately rate case outcomes. But it has come about in -- from settlements. And so it's
not something you would assume that we will have going forward, but we think it has been very good
for customers because it's been able to provide long-term rate stability for them through a variety of
conditions, including the one that we find ourselves in today. So we are very pleased with the constructive
nature of regulations that we've been operating on and again particularly so for the benefit of customers.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Got it. Excellent. And then coming back to the renewable side of the business, obviously, you guys have an
incredible amount of confidence given the backdrop here. You're not seeing even any slippage in time line,
especially as you think about the C&I customers here. I know the gross amount of backlog that you guys
are talking about seems pretty confident, but even just execution and prospective backlog that you would
conceivably add in '22, that is even staying relatively firm. And I'll leave it there.

John W. Ketchum
President & CEO

Yes. No, no drop-off, no slowdown. And one of the things that we were able to add this year or this
quarter was 600 megawatts to 2022 and beyond of wind, which -- it's just a terrific head start that we're
only in the -- here in the first quarter of 2020. So just tons of time to continue to be able to work the
wind development pipeline over the next 4 years with the PTC being essentially at 60% through 2024,
just a lot of demand. A lot of folks that own peakers, a lot of folks that own coal, very aggressively
looking at renewable as an option with ESG as a tailwind. Knowing that even if we are in a recessionary
environment, being able to pivot to renewables not only brings a clean energy story but it also makes
their economies more competitive and lowers bills for customers at a time they need it most. And so that's
what's really driving demand.

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

And I was going to add to that, something about the -- one of the important reasons why we continue
to be confident about our ability to reach our CODs, keep our projects on track and on budget is really
something we've highlighted for years now, our focus on our supply chain and developing relationships
with our vendors, strategic partners, in many cases. As we went into this year, knowing that it was a
significant construction development year at all of our businesses, we had intense focus on our supply
chain. We always do but even more so this year with how complex and intertwined it may be with how
many priorities and deliverables we have. And entering into that posture and facing the circumstances we
find ourselves in now positioned us well to manage through these. We pick top-quality suppliers where
we are a significant customer to them and we've had many instances over the last couple of weeks where
we've worked closely with them to ensure that our projects stay on track and on budget. And I don't think
that should be underestimated. Focusing on long-term total cost of ownership and ability for our suppliers
to deliver is really paying off well for us in this type of environment.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Excellent. Super last quick clarification. On the NWP 12 permit you guys alluded to, it seems like you got
pretty good confidence that they're going to narrow that back to just Montana but process-wise make sure
that I've got it right there on your confidence level.

James L. Robo
Chairman, President & CEO

So Julien, I think it's premature to say what's going to happen with that. I think it's obviously a condition
to -- it being dealt with quickly is a condition of us being able to deliver the pipeline this year. We think
the ruling was incorrect and we think government is going to aggressively try to correct it. That said, it's
still early on. We don't -- we haven't really gotten a lot of feedback yet from the government about what
their approach is going to be. And we are continuing to evaluate it. And I think it's early days honestly,
Julien, is what I would say to you right now on that. And if our prepared remarks led you to believe that
we have confidence that it's going to be done, that it's going to get resolved quickly, that was not what we
were trying to say. We were trying to say that for us to build the pipeline this year, it needs to be resolved
quickly. And it remains to be seen whether it will be. And it's something that we as a team are very --
along with our partners, are very focused on working with the government to get it resolved and get it
resolved quickly.

Operator

Our next question will come from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I wanted to see if you had a strong view on the potential for further federal support for clean energy. I'm
thinking just more broadly as part of the stimulus efforts that are underway. Do you see anything that
might translate into concrete additional support?

James L. Robo
Chairman, President & CEO

So Stephen, it's Jim. I think it's too early to tell. I think there's certainly some interest from the Democrats
to include additional clean energy support in another stimulus bill potentially around -- with a focus
on infrastructure. But as you've seen over the last several weeks, things are extraordinarily fluid in
Washington. And I would just say it's too soon to tell. I think it's something as an industry that we need
to be very thoughtful about in terms of how we approach it and have it be truly focused on stimulus and
focused on impacts of the pandemic and make sure that that's the focus of any of the efforts that go on in
the industry. So we're staying obviously very close to it and time will tell. But as I said, I think it's a little
early and things are quite fluid.

Stephen Calder Byrd

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Understood. Very fair. And then just one last one. You've given some good info on power demand impacts
from COVID-19. I wondered if you could just speak to the customer class impacts. There's a lot of
questions about the magnitude of uplift in terms of residential demand versus the downward movement
for commercial, industrial. I'm curious to sort of what you're seeing on the residential side if you're able to
share that.

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Yes. Stephen, one of the things that we did, we put it in the appendix, Slide 25, if you have a chance to
take a look at it. It's to give you some sensitivities for the revenue impacts for a percentage -- 1% change
in sales. Also, the breakdown of our composition of mix between residential, C&I, commercial and then
separately industrial. Obviously, our load mix at FPL, which is the significant majority of the regulated load
that we have in our business, is heavily weighted towards residential and small and medium commercial
businesses. We have seen pickup in residential as we highlighted and a slight downtick in commercial. But
as I also highlighted in the prepared remarks and very consistent with what we've said to you over a long
period of time, our ability to dissect the impacts from weather versus underlying usage are pretty good
over a long period of time but in short, discrete periods of time are more challenging particularly when
weather has a significant impact on load. And in these last couple of weeks, since you would say that there
have been significant impacts from pandemic and officially the stay-at-home orders here in Florida were in
effect, we've had very favorable weather.

So it's hard for us to dissect it. So we erred on the side of providing you some sensitivities so that you
can make an assessment on your own as to what you think might happen and what would -- that impact
would be in terms of cash revenues at FPL. And again, to put a finer point to it, remember, with reserve
amortization, that results in negligible or no impact. To the extent that we have reserve amortization
available to us on an earnings basis, this would be just a cash impact. If -- to give context for what
happened in the last major disruption to load, which is the 2008-2009 recession, obviously everywhere
but including here, of course, in Florida, that was about a 4% to 6.5% effect to overall load demand,
and that was over a course of the year, and obviously, we're midyear this year. So that gives you some
guidepost for how to think about it from the way that we've approached it so far.

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Understood. Yes, and you've got a lot of insulation to the bottom line from the impact from COVID. So I'll
leave it there.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Weinstein with Crédit Suisse.

Michael Weinstein
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

To what extent is wind repowering at NEP responsible for or contributing to the ability to avoid drop-downs
over the next 1.5 years or 2 years?

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Michael, it's certainly a positive. As we -- I think we announced these repowering opportunities at or
near the investor conference last year and have planned for it in terms of how we would finance it and
have the tax equity lined up to be able to finance that going forward. So it's certainly a positive that will
impact results for this year. It's about $25 million worth of CAFD or so as we've previously highlighted.
So it's certainly a contributor. Also a contributor were the other acquisitions that NEP made last year as
well as the recapitalizations that we executed on. So it's the confluence of acquisitions both from Energy
Resources as well as third parties as well as the organic opportunities. So it's a 3, 4 in this case.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

Michael Weinstein
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Right. And I think last quarter, you also talked about the possibility of additional in 2024 due to the PTC
extension. Have you ever quantified any of that, what that opportunity may be?

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

We haven't talked about additional repowering opportunities with respect to NextEra Energy Partners. As
we previously highlighted, from a repowering opportunity, we thought the opportunity was particularly
strong through the end of 2020 to take advantage of the full, 100% PTC re-upping. But actually, this
quarter, we're announcing some repowering opportunities in 2021 that will take advantage of the 80%
PTC. So it's a very positive opportunity for us.

Michael Weinstein
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Right. Got you. And one last question about natural gas versus renewables. I mean natural gas has had a
-- has gotten a lot cheaper. I'm just wondering if -- how does -- how do renewables stack up on an LCOE
basis these days against fossil fuels?

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

I'm sorry, Michael. What was -- how does the LCOEs for renewable stack up against...

Michael Weinstein
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Yes, against fossil fuels, right? Fossil fuel prices have really come down, right?

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

They definitely have come down, but you would hope that someone making a long-term planning decision
will think about prices over a long period of time. And as we highlighted for FPL's 10-year site plan and we
looked at what the costs are that we're anticipating at Florida Power & Light and Gulf Power together, solar
compared with battery storage are the least cost form of generation. And we've kind of put our -- put all
that to pen to paper and included that in our 10-year site plan and have now removed the 2 combined-
cycle natural gas plants that we had previously in the forecast in the mid-2020s as a reflection of where
we think costs are.

From our customer standpoint, again, they operate in many different jurisdictions. In some cases, wind
will be particularly attractive. In some cases, it's solar. But if you keep in context the dollar per megawatt-
hour cost that we've continued to provide, which with incentives are in -- for wind, anywhere in the
teens to very low 20s for wind even in low wind resource areas; and then for solar, in the $30-plus-ish
megawatt-hour with incentives and then post incentives continue to be very attractive in that $20 to
$30 and $30 to $40 a megawatt-hour range, so very cost competitive even with where we think the fuel
complex pricing is. But also remember that coal and some natural -- or some nuclear facilities are our
primary comparisons, and that hasn't changed dramatically.

John W. Ketchum
President & CEO

Yes. And Michael, this is John. One thing I would add to that is, remember, as oil prices have come down,
rig counts have come down in the Permian, which means there's a lot less associated gas which has really
actually helped natural gas prices. And we've seen a bit of an uptick in natural gas prices particularly
recently. And so when we are out originating new renewables, we really have not seen competition from
gas-fired units for that reason. They still remain kind of in that $30 to $40 a megawatt-hour range versus
wind, which is still in the teens in most parts of the country and then solar kind of in that mid-$20 range,
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

so very, very competitive when you look at renewables versus gas-fired generation. And then the last
thing I would add is just peakers. Remember, gas-fired peakers not only are targets for new renewables
but also for battery storage. Battery storage costs have come down such that -- we mentioned the large
stand-alone storage build-out that we have, the $1 billion going in '21. There is a significant opportunity in
almost every part of the country where batteries are now more economic than gas-fired peakers even at
today's natural gas prices.

Operator

Our last question will come from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

I don't know if this one is for Jim or John. And I know you commented that your own renewable
development plans remain on track, on schedule and financed. You have a great lens into the industry
overall, obviously. Can you talk about where you think for the industry, maybe not for NextEra, where the
biggest challenges are occurring? Are they in financing of projects, meaning tax equity market? Are they
in the supply chain? Is it more wind versus solar supply chain issues? Is it more kind of keeping sites or
potentially missing safe harbor date? Can you just talk about the industry perspective, what you're seeing
in the competitive landscape even if these aren't things that aren't necessarily impacting NextEra?

John W. Ketchum
President & CEO

Sure. I think the first one will be supply chain, and Rebecca talked about that for a minute. But given the
size of our spend across the complex being right around north of $13 billion, we are almost always our
suppliers' largest customer. If we're not, we're their second largest in the world. So if there are minor
disruptions that come up, we're able to pivot to other manufacturing facilities that, that particular vendor
may own. And so we don't see the same impact that perhaps a smaller player, whether it's in wind and
solar, would see. And so while they may see supply chain disruptions, we don't just given the size and the
sophistication and the buying power that we have. So that's the first one. Supply chain is something that I
would look at for other smaller players.

The second one is access to capital. Again, we always get first dibs and first allocations on tax equity
financing. In the script remarks, I think we already said we have all of our tax equity needs for 2020
fully allocated. That is not the case necessarily for smaller developers. Smaller developers might struggle
particularly to the extent that banks have less amount of taxable income notwithstanding the 5-year net
operating loss carryback that was passed, I think, in the first or second federal restructuring. So we're
very well positioned from a tax equity standpoint, whereas maybe smaller developers might not be.

And so I think for those 2 reasons, it could create project M&A opportunities for us where some of these
smaller developers need a rescue plan because they're going to be running up against issues at the end of
the year. I think they also -- it's not only on execution in terms of meeting year-end CODs where we don't
see issues and we have the ability to navigate around them, but as customers now are looking for who to
select to build renewables for them going forward knowing that there's a PTC declining clock, there's an
ITC declining clock, they want certainty. They want confidence that, that developer is going to be around
to be able to actually deliver. And so in RFPs and just in customer interactions, we're starting to see that
theme play out more and more. And so we feel really good about our ability to execute, and we feel very
bullish about our origination activities going forward for those reasons, which might not be the case of
what you would hear from a smaller developer for those reasons.

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

John, one quick follow-up. In the supply chain, when you're seeing it kind of across the industry obviously
not impacting you guys, are the issues greater for smaller wind developers or smaller solar? Like where
are you seeing the bottlenecks within the industry more on the supply chain side?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

John W. Ketchum
President & CEO

I think it's probably a little bit of both. It depends on where they're sourcing from and which OEM that
they're using. Some OEMs have more alternatives to parts of the country that are less -- parts of the
world that are less affected. But I think you're going to see disruptions on both wind and solar for smaller
developers. We have always made selections around our OEM providers and around our panel providers,
which are pretty diverse, inverters, things of that nature that give us a lot of flexibility. But a smaller
developer may be beholden to one particular OEM that might not have the same amount of flexibility
or one supplier given how small their build is that might have a disruption without the ability to pivot to
somebody else.

Operator
This concludes our question-and-answer session. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for
attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

