NextEra Energy Partners, LP NYSE:NEP
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, July 23, 2021 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.57

Revenue  (mm)

335.19

(0.96)

253.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-20-2021 10:33 PM GMT

NM

0.66

4.54

2.40

(24.52 %)

345.89

1290.95

1491.27

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.51

0.43

0.31

0.57

0.76

0.85

2.66

(0.96)

49.02 %

97.67 %

758.06 %

NM

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jessica Lynn Aldridge
Director of Investor Relations
NextEra Energy, Inc.

John W. Ketchum
President & CEO
NextEra Energy Resources, LLC

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO
NextEra Energy, Inc.

ANALYSTS

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

Maheep Mandloi
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the NextEra Energy and NextEra Energy Partners Q2 2021
Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please also note today's event is being recorded. And at this time,
I'd like to turn the conference call over to Jessica Aldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Ma'am, please
go ahead.

Jessica Lynn Aldridge
Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, Jamie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our second quarter 2021 combined
earnings conference call for NextEra Energy and NextEra Energy Partners. With me this morning are Jim
Robo, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of NextEra Energy; Rebecca Kujawa, Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer of NextEra Energy; John Ketchum, President and Chief Executive Officer of
NextEra Energy Resources; and Mark Hickson, Executive Vice President of NextEra Energy, all of whom
are also officers of NextEra Energy Partners; as well as Eric Silagy, President and Chief Executive Officer of
Florida Power & Light Company.

Rebecca will provide an overview of our results and our executive team will then be available to
answer your questions. We will be making forward-looking statements during this call based on current
expectations and assumptions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could
differ materially from our forward-looking statements if any of our key assumptions are incorrect or
because of other factors discussed in today's earnings news release and the comments made during
this conference call in the Risk Factors section of the accompanying presentation or in our latest reports
and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, each of which can be found on our websites,
nexteraenergy.com and nexteraenergypartners.com. We do not undertake any duty to update any
forward-looking statements.

Today's presentation also includes references to non-GAAP financial measures. You should refer to the
information contained in the slides accompanying today's presentation for definitional information and
reconciliations of historical non-GAAP measures to the closest GAAP financial measure. As a reminder, Gulf
Power legally merged into Florida Power & Light Company effective on January 1, 2021. Gulf Power will
continue as a separate reporting segment within Florida Power & Light and NextEra Energy through 2021,
serving its existing customers under separate retail rates.

Throughout today's presentation, when we refer to FPL, we are referring to Florida Power & Light,
excluding Gulf Power, unless otherwise noted or when using the term combined. With that, I will turn the
call over to Rebecca.

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Thank you, Jessica, and good morning, everyone. NextEra Energy delivered strong second quarter results
and is well positioned to meet its overall objectives for the year. Adjusted earnings per share increased
more than 9% year-over-year, reflecting continued strong financial and operational performance across all
of the businesses.

FPL increased earnings per share by $0.04 year-over-year, driven by continued investments in the
business. FPL's major capital initiatives remain on track and FPL's focus continues to be on identifying
smart capital investments to lower costs, improve reliability and provide clean energy solutions for the
benefit of our customers.

In June, FPL demolished its last coal-fired plant in Florida, with plans to replace it with more clean
emissions-free solar energy facilities. During the quarter, FPL also successfully commissioned
approximately 373 megawatts of new solar, including the FPL Discovery Solar Energy Center at Kennedy

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2021

Space Center. With these new additions, FPL surpassed 40% completion of its groundbreaking 30-by-30
plan to install 30 million solar panels by 2030.

FPL expects to have installed more than 15 million panels by early 2022, which would put the company
more than 50% on the way towards completing a 30-by-30 plan in just over 3 years since the initial
announcement. To support its solar build-out, FPL recently began installing the first components of the
world's largest integrated solar-powered battery system, the 409-megawatt FPL Manatee Energy Storage
Center which is expected to begin serving customers later this year.

Gulf Power also continued to execute on its growth initiatives during the quarter with its strong financial
performance driven primarily by continued investment in the business and further improvements in
operational cost effectiveness. Excluding the COVID-19-related expenses, which were subsequently
reversed and booked into a regulatory asset in the third quarter of 2020, Gulf Power's year-to-date O&M
costs declined by approximately 9% versus the prior year comparable period and have now declined by
approximately 31% relative to 2018.

Gulf Power's operational performance metrics also continued to improve, with reliability of the generation
fleet that we operate and service reliability improving by 71% and 63%, respectively, year-to-date
versus the first half of 2018. We continue to expect that the cost reduction initiatives and smart capital
investments that we've previously outlined will generate significant customer and shareholder value in the
coming years.

At Energy Resources, adjusted earnings per share increased by more than 7% year-over-year. The Energy
Resources team continues to capitalize on the terrific market opportunity for low-cost renewables and
storage, adding approximately 1,840 megawatts to its backlog since the last earnings call.

This continued origination success is a testament to Energy Resources' significant competitive advantages,
including our large pipeline of sites and interconnection queue positions, strong customer relationships,
purchasing power and supply chain execution, best-in-class construction expertise, resource assessment
capabilities, cost of capital advantages and world-class operations capability.

Moreover, Energy Resources' advanced data analytics and machine learning capabilities allow us to utilize
the nearly 40 billion operating data points our fleet provides every single day for predictive modeling,
further extending our best-in-class O&M and development capabilities. We continue to believe that no
company is better positioned than Energy Resources to capitalize on the best renewables development
period in our history.

We are pleased with the progress we've made at NextEra Energy so far in 2021 and headed into the
second half of the year, we are well positioned to achieve the full year financial expectations that we've
previously discussed, subject to our usual caveats.

Now let's look at the detailed results beginning with FPL. For the second quarter of 2021, FPL reported
net income of $819 million or $0.42 per share, which is an increase of $70 million and $0.04 per share,
respectively, year-over-year. Regulatory capital employed increased by approximately 10.7% over the
same quarter last year and was the principal driver of FPL's net income growth of more than 9%.

FPL's capital expenditures were approximately $1.6 billion in the second quarter, and we expect our full
year capital investments to total between $6.6 billion and $6.8 billion. Our reported ROE for regulatory
purposes will be approximately 11.6% for the 12 months ended June 2021.

During the quarter, we utilized $100 million of reserve amortization to achieve our target regulatory ROE,
leaving FPL with a balance of $473 million. As a reminder, rather than seek recovery from customers of the
approximately $240 million in Hurricane Dorian storm restoration costs, in 2019, FPL utilized its available
reserve amortization to offset nearly all of the expense associated with the write-off of the regulatory
asset related to Dorian cost recovery.

Earlier in the year, FPL and Office of Public Counsel entered into a settlement regarding the prudence of
FPL's Hurricane Dorian storm restoration costs and activities, which was approved by the Florida Public
Service Commission in May. We are pleased by the commission's determination that all of FPL's Hurricane

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2021

Dorian restoration costs were prudently incurred and we believe the settlement agreement fairly and
reasonably balances the interest of FPL and its customers.

Earlier this month, FPL responded to Tropical Storm Elsa with a restoration workforce of approximately
7,000 FPL employees and contractors. FPL safely and quickly restored power to nearly 100,000 customers
who were impacted by Elsa as the hardening and automation investments that FPL has made since 2006
to build a stronger, smarter and more storm-resilient energy grid continue to benefit customers.

Elsa was the earliest that a fifth named storm has formed in the Atlantic basin, and we remain prepared
in advance of what is forecasted to be another active hurricane season in 2021. Let me now turn to Gulf
Power, which reported second quarter 2021 net income of $63 million or $0.03 per share.

During the quarter, Gulf Power's capital expenditures were approximately $150 million and we expect
its full year capital investments to be between $800 million and $900 million. All of the major capital at
the Gulf Power capital projects, including the North Florida Resiliency Connection that is expected to be
in service in mid-2022, continue to progress well. And Gulf Power's regulatory capital employed grew
by approximately 17% year-over-year as a result of these smart capital investments for the benefit of
customers.

Gulf Power's reported ROE for regulatory purposes will be approximately 10.3% for the 12 months
ended June 2021. For the full year 2021, we continue to target a regulatory ROE in the upper half of the
allowed band of 9.25% to 11.25%. Earlier this month, Florida Public Service Commission also approved
a settlement agreement between Gulf Power and the Office of Public Counsel for cost recovery of the
approximately $13 million in COVID-19-related expenses, primarily reflected in incremental bad debt and
safety expenses as a result of the pandemic.

We are pleased with this outcome and believe it demonstrates the continued constructive regulatory
environment in the state of Florida as we work to improve Gulf Power's customer value proposition of low
cost, high reliability, excellent customer service and clean energy for our customers.

As we anticipated, Florida's economic activity has rebounded since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic
last year as reflected by a wide range of positive economic indicators. Florida's current unemployment rate
is 5%, which remains well below the national average. Rolling 3-month average of new building permits
are up approximately 46% year-over-year, which is the highest growth rate in nearly 8 years and are the
second highest new building permits in the nation.

As another indicator of health and Florida's economy, Florida's retail sales index was up over 40% versus
the prior year. The Case-Shiller seasonally adjusted index for South Florida home prices is up over 14% on
an annual basis.

Recent population growth estimates indicate that Florida remains one of the top destinations for relocating
Americans, with Florida adding nearly 330,000 new residents between April of 2020 and April of 2021. We
expect this trend to continue with Florida's population projected to grow at an average annual rate of 1%
through 2023; and FPL, including Gulf Power, forecast adding almost 500,000 new customer accounts from
2018 through 2025.

During the quarter, FPL's average number of customers increased by approximately 70,400 from the
comparable prior year quarter driven by continued solid underlying population growth. FPL's second
quarter retail sales increased 0.1% from the prior year comparable period. Partially offsetting customer
growth was a decline in weather-related usage per customer of approximately 2.8%. On a weather-
normalized basis, second quarter sales increased 2.9%, with continued strong underlying usage
contributing favorably.

For Gulf Power, the average number of customers grew roughly 1.5% versus the comparable prior year
quarter. And Gulf Power's second quarter retail sales decreased 1% year-over-year as strong customer
growth was more than offset by an unfavorable weather comparison relative to 2020.

As we previously stated, on March 12, we initiated Florida Power & Light's 2021 base rate proceeding. The
4-year base rate plan we have proposed has been designed to support continued investments in clean

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2021

energy generation, long-term infrastructure and advanced technology, which improves reliability and keep
-- helps to keep customer bills low.

Today, FPL's typical residential bills remain well below the national average and the lowest among the top
20 investor-owned utilities in the nation. With the proposed base rate adjustments and current projections
for fuel and other costs, FPL's typical residential bill is expected to be approximately 20% below the
projected national average and typical Gulf Power residential bills are projected to decrease approximately
1% over the 4-year rate plan.

As always, we are open to the possibility of resolving our rate request through a fair settlement agreement
and our core focus remains on pursuing a fair and objective review of our case that supports continued
execution of our successful strategy for customers.

Energy Resources reported second quarter 2021 GAAP losses of $315 million or $0.16 per share. Adjusted
earnings for the second quarter were $574 million or $0.29 per share. Energy Resources adjusted earnings
per share in the second quarter increased more than 7% versus the prior year comparable period.

The effect of mark-to-market on nonqualifying hedges, which is excluded from adjusted earnings, was the
primary driver of the difference between Energy Resources second quarter GAAP and adjusted earnings
results. Contributions from new investments added $0.04 per share versus the prior year and primarily
reflects growth in our contracted renewables and battery storage program.

Adjusted earnings per share contributions from existing generation and storage assets increased $0.01
year-over-year, which includes the impact of unfavorable wind resource during the second quarter. And
NextEra Energy Transmission's adjusted earnings per share contribution also increased $0.01 year-over-
year.

Our customer supply and trading business contribution was $0.03 lower year-over-year, primarily due to
unfavorable market conditions. All other impacts decreased results by $0.01 per share versus 2020. The
Energy Resources development team continues to capitalize on what we believe is the best renewables
development environment in our history during the second quarter, with the team adding approximately
1,840 megawatts of renewables and storage projects to our backlog.

Since our last earnings call, we've added approximately 285 megawatts of new wind and wind repowering,
1,450 megawatts of solar and 105 megawatts of battery storage to our backlog of signed contracts.
With nearly 3.5 years remaining before the end of 2024, we have already signed more than 75% of the
megawatts needed to realize the low end of our 2021 to 2024 development expectations range.

Since the last call, we have also executed a 310-megawatt build-own-transfer agreement, which is not
included in our backlog additions. Our customer intends to use the solar-plus-storage project to replace
existing coal generation and we are excited to be able to continue supporting the industry's transition
away from old inefficient forms of generation into clean, reliable and low-cost renewables and storage.

Our engineering and construction team continues to perform exceptionally well, commissioning
approximately 330 megawatts during the quarter and keeping the backlog of wind, solar and storage
projects that we expect to build in 2021 and 2022 on track. We are well positioned to complete our more
than $20 billion capital investment program at Energy Resources for 2021 and 2022.

Last month, the IRS extended safe harbor eligibility on production tax credits and investment tax credits,
providing projects that began construction between 2016 and 2019 with 6 years to complete construction
and projects that started construction in 2020 with 5 years to achieve their in-service dates and qualify for
federal tax credits.

We believe the extension reflects the strong support of the Biden administration for new renewables and
may enable an incremental 1 to 1.5 gigawatts of new wind and wind repowering opportunities. We now
have more than $2.2 billion of safe harbor wind and solar equipment, which could support as much as $45
billion of wind, solar and battery storage investments across all of our businesses from 2021 to 2024.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2021

Turning now to the consolidated results for NextEra Energy. For the second quarter of 2021, GAAP net
income attributable to NextEra Energy was $256 million or $0.13 per share. NextEra Energy's 2021 second
quarter adjusted earnings and adjusted EPS were $1.4 billion and $0.71 per share, respectively. Adjusted
earnings from Corporate and Other segment were roughly flat year-over-year.

Over the past few months, NextEra Energy issued nearly $3.3 billion in new financings under its innovative
new NextEra green bonds structure. Funds raised with NextEra Energy -- NextEra green bonds are
designated for specific renewable energy and storage projects under development across our businesses.
And if funds are not used to bring the renewable projects online within 2 years, there is a step-up in the
interest rate on the debt.

Our inaugural NextEra green issuance was 4.5x oversubscribed, priced at a premium to the market and
was well received by investors. We believe that NextEra green will set a new standard for green issuances
moving forward. NextEra Energy has raised more than $9 billion in new capital year-to-date on very
favorable terms as we continue to execute on our financing plan for the year.

Finally, in June, S&P affirmed all of its ratings for NextEra Energy and lowered its downgrade threshold
for its funds from operation or FFO to debt metric from the previous level of 21% to the new level of
20%. We believe this favorable adjustment reflects the strength of our business as well as recognition of
NextEra Energy's leading position in the utility and renewable energy sectors on environmental, social and
governance, or ESG, factors.

I believe that this is the first time that S&P has formally recognized the benefits-to-business-risk profile
related to ESG factors by allowing more constructive financial metrics since it began its practice of
identifying the specific ESG metrics that drive a company's overall credit position. Notably, S&P also
revised NextEra Energy's management and governance assessment from satisfactory to strong to reflect
its views on our comprehensive enterprise-wide risk management standards and successful track record of
consistently implementing our strategic planning efforts.

Our long-term financial expectations through 2023 remain unchanged. For 2021, NextEra Energy
expects adjusted earnings per share to be in a range of $2.40 to $2.54. For 2022 and 2023, NextEra
Energy expects to grow 6% to 8% off of the expected 2021 adjusted earnings per share. And we will be
disappointed if we are not able to deliver financial results at or near the top end of these ranges in 2021,
2022 and 2023 while, at the same time, maintaining our strong credit ratings.

From 2018 to 2023, we continue to expect that operating cash flow will grow roughly in line with our
adjusted EPS compound annual growth rate range. We also continue to expect to grow our dividends per
share at roughly 10% rate per year through at least 2022 off of a 2020 base. As always, our expectations
assume normal weather and operating conditions.

Let me now turn to NextEra Energy Partners. NextEra Energy Partners' portfolio performed well and
delivered financial results generally in line with our expectations after accounting for the below-average
renewable resource. On a year-to-date basis, adjusted EBITDA and cash available for distribution have
increased by roughly 9% and 11%, respectively, versus 2020.

This strong operational and financial performance highlights that NextEra Energy Partners remains well
positioned to continue to deliver on its outstanding growth objectives. Yesterday, the NextEra Energy
Partners Board declared a quarterly distribution of $0.6625 per common unit or $2.65 per common unit on
an annualized basis, up approximately 15% from a year earlier. Inclusive of this increase, NextEra Energy
Partners has now grown its distribution per unit by more than 250% since the IPO.

Further building on that strength, today we are announcing that NextEra Energy Partners has entered
into an agreement to acquire approximately 590 net megawatts of geographically diverse wind and solar
projects from NextEra Energy Resources. I will provide additional details on the transaction in a few
minutes.

NextEra Energy Partners also completed multiple financings during the second quarter to secure funding
for its recently announced 2021 acquisitions and further enhance its financing flexibility. In June, NextEra
Energy Partners raised approximately $500 million in new 0% coupon convertible notes and concurrently

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2021

entered into a capped call structure. It is expected to result in NextEra Energy Partners retaining the
upside from up to 50% appreciation in its unit price over the 3 years associated with the convertible notes.

NextEra Energy Partners also drew the remaining funds from its 2020 convertible equity portfolio
financing, which was upsized by approximately $150 million during the quarter, evidencing continued
investor demand for exposure to the high-quality, long-term contracted renewables projects and the
underlying portfolio of assets that was established last year.

Finally, NextEra Energy Partners has successfully completed the sale of approximately 700,000 NEP
common units year-to-date through its recently expired at-the-market or ATM program, raising roughly
$50 million in proceeds.

Going forward, we will continue to seek opportunities to use the ATM program depending on market
conditions and other considerations. And in the near term, NextEra Energy Partners intends to renew the
program for up to $300 million in issuances over the next 3 years to permit additional financing flexibility.

As a result of these financings and the strong cash flow generation of its existing portfolio, NextEra Energy
Partners ended the quarter with more than $2.2 billion in liquidity, which includes funds raised in the
second quarter financing activities and existing partnership debt capacity to support its ongoing growth
initiatives, including the acquisition of the approximately 590 net megawatts of renewables from Energy
Resources as well as its previously announced acquisition of approximately 400 megawatts of operating
wind projects, both of which are expected to close later this year.

Let me now review the detailed results for NextEra Energy Partners. Second quarter adjusted EBITDA of
$350 million was roughly flat versus the prior year comparable quarter, driven by favorable contributions
from the approximately 500 megawatts of new wind and solar projects acquired in 2020.

Weaker wind and solar resource in the second quarter, which reduced this quarter's adjusted EBITDA
contribution from existing projects by roughly $22 million, was partially offset by positive contributions to
adjusted EBITDA from last year's repowerings in the Texas pipelines. Wind resource for the quarter was
93% of the long-term average versus 100% in the second quarter of 2020.

Cash available for distribution of $151 million for the second quarter was also reduced for existing projects
due to the distributions for the convertible equity portfolio financing entered into late last year. As a
reminder, this convertible equity portfolio financing recapitalized NextEra Energy Partners existing Genesis
solar project and other assets and the proceeds were used to fund last year's acquisition from Energy
Resources.

Additional details of our second quarter results are shown on the accompanying slide. We remain on
track for the strong full year growth consistent with our long-term growth objectives of 12% to 15%
distributions per unit growth through at least 2024.

As I previously mentioned, we continue to execute on our plan to expand NextEra Energy Partners'
portfolio with an agreement to acquire assets in a diverse portfolio of long-term contracted wind and solar
projects from Energy Resources. The portfolio consists of approximately 830 megawatts of renewables, of
which NextEra Energy Partners will be acquiring an approximately 590-megawatt net interest.

NextEra Energy Partners' interest in the portfolio will consist of approximately 510 megawatts of the
universal scale wind and solar projects and approximately 80 megawatts of distributed solar projects,
which is Next Energy Partners' first acquisition of distributed generation assets. The portfolio to be
acquired by NextEra Energy Partners has a cash available for distribution weighted average contract life of
approximately 17 years and a counterparty credit rating of Baa1 at Moody's and BBB+ at S&P. Additional
details on the portfolio of assets to be acquired by NextEra Energy Partners can be found in the appendix
of today's presentation.

Energy Resources currently owns the country's largest portfolio of distributed generation assets with
commercial and industrial customers and expects to triple its capital investment in distributed generation
from 2020 through 2024. NextEra Energy Partners expects to benefit from this expansion over the coming
years through future acquisitions from Energy Resources.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2021

NextEra Energy Partners expects to acquire the portfolio for a total consideration of $563 million, subject
to working capital and other adjustments. NextEra Energy Partners' share of the portfolio's debt and tax
equity financing is estimated to be approximately $270 million at the time of closing. The acquisition is
expected to contribute adjusted EBITDA of approximately $90 million to $100 million and cash available
for distribution of approximately $41 million to $49 million, each on a 5-year average annual run rate basis
beginning on December 31, 2021.

The purchase price for the transaction is expected to be funded with existing liquidity and the transaction
is expected to close prior to year-end and be immediately accretive to LP distributions. NextEra Energy
Partners continues to expect to be in the upper end of our previously disclosed year-end 2021 run rate,
adjusted EBITDA and CAFD expectation ranges of $1.44 billion to $1.62 billion and $600 million to $680
million, respectively.

As a reminder, all of our expectations are subject to our normal caveats and include the impact of
anticipated IDR fees as we treat these as an operating expense. From the base of our fourth quarter 2020
distribution per common unit at an annualized rate of $2.46, we continue to see 12% to 15% growth per
year in LP distributions as being a reasonable range of expectations through at least 2024. We expect the
annualized rate of the fourth quarter 2021 distribution that is payable in February of 2022 to be in the
range of $2.76 to $2.83 per common unit.

In summary, we remain as enthusiastic as ever about the long-term growth prospects for both NextEra
Energy and NextEra Energy Partners. At NextEra Energy, we were honored to be named on Time
Magazine's first-ever list of top 100 Most Influential Companies, which highlights businesses making an
extraordinary impact around the world. We are proud to be leading the clean energy transformation in
our sector and remain focused on executing upon the opportunities presented by the significant growth in
wind, solar and various forms of energy storage in the U.S. over the coming decades.

At FPL, including Gulf Power, that means continuing to deliver on our best-in-class customer value
proposition of low bills, high reliability and clean energy solutions. At Energy Resources, our competitive
advantages transition us well to capture a meaningful share of this significant and expanding market for
renewables. And at NextEra Energy Partners with its continued access to low-cost capital and accretive
acquisition opportunities is well positioned as ever to take advantage of the clean energy transformation
reshaping the energy industry.
That concludes our prepared remarks. And with that, we will open up the line for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners.

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Just a question with sort of the infrastructure discussions going on at the federal level and obviously,
Rebecca, you highlighted opportunities on the wind and solar side, does NextEra Transmission sort of
see any upside from policy changes? And obviously, with the prior acquisitions closed, do you feel like
you have a big enough platform to grow organically? Or is there an interest to roll up more stand-alone
projects, development entities?

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Shar. Appreciate the question. From our perspective, and we're looking out decades and
looking at the enormous renewables build opportunity across the U.S., it is clear that over time, new
transmission needs to be built to support some of that build-out. And it's not necessarily imperative
today for that transmission to be built, but it certainly is important to start today to build the type of
infrastructure that's needed over time. So we're really excited about the opportunities that the NextEra
Energy Transmission team has. And I would expect over time that we will grow both organically and
continue to look for acquisition opportunities like we have over the last couple of years to supplement and
build out that portfolio. We're thrilled with the Trans Bay Cable acquisition that we closed a couple of years
ago. Very excited to bring the GridLiance team on board, and we'll continue to focus on opportunities, both
organically and through acquisition over time.

From a broader policy standpoint, we thought it important for FERC and the regional ISOs to continue to
focus on how do you support that transmission build-out. And we certainly are happy to see that to start
to be a focus at FERC this year, in particular, and contemplating how do they support it going forward.
And I think there's a receptive audience in the Biden administration, making sure that they support laying
a foundation that's supportive of renewables not just in the next couple of years but in the next couple
of decades. So transmission moves slowly, you know that, so stay tuned. But we're optimistic about our
direct prospects in the near term as well as longer term.

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Got it. And then the backlog additions look obviously more solid this quarter. Just thinking about maybe
the market dynamics, there was some slowdown in early '21 with input costs and commodity inflation,
right? Have you seen that? Or are the headwinds largely stabilized? And just as a follow-up, is energy
storage still kind of a large component of the backlog and contracted additions or has there been some
pricing pressure there?

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Our Energy Resources development team, clearly as evidenced by not only the signings this quarter
but looking back at quarters now, going back quite a number of them, have just had terrific origination
success. And I'd encourage everybody to not just focus on an individual quarter and look at a slightly
broader trend. And we're really pleased not only with what we've seen looking back and what the team
has been able to execute on, but also looking forward. And that's what gave us the confidence just early
this year to not only increase but expand the horizon for our development expectations such that our 4-
year period starting '21 through '24 is 23 to 30 gigawatts which is just an exceptional number and one
that we're really excited and proud of the team for taking on, and we're thrilled to be at 75% already at
the low end today.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2021

In terms of our customer demand, it remains very strong across the board, and we're certainly excited
about bringing that into more signed contracts going forward. In terms of costs, as you know, we'll
continue to incorporate our latest expectations in the industry's latest expectations for costs, and we feel
very comfortable with the returns that we see and excited about the opportunities going forward.

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Got it. And then just lastly, Rebecca, on just the rate case. I mean, obviously, you're having conversations
with interveners and you're building a case record there. And obviously, you highlighted you always prefer
a settlement. Is there any moving pieces that you feel aren't focused? Where do you sort of think you
have some flexibility for a constructive kind of outcome versus a fully litigated case?

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Shar, as we've talked about with you all from an investor standpoint, we are very focused over years
now leading up to the case as a matter of our strategy on making sure that's the best customer value
proposition possible. And you can see that in our execution on O&M, on reliability, on customer service
and of course, the continued focus on clean energy generation because that's in our control. What's also
in our control is putting forward the best case possible to ensure that we're articulating that strategy not
only what the team has accomplished but what we plan to do in the coming 4 years to support continued
execution.

So the team is very focused on continuing to go through the process and accommodating with the
hearings in short order and a commission decision later this year if we go that far. But we're also always
very interested in having a win-win solution with stakeholders. We certainly appreciate the history of that
in Florida, not just with us but with other utilities and broader stakeholder base. And we will continue to
remain very engaged in any sort of constructive outcome that we could bring forward with stakeholders.
We think that's positive for our customers and broader stakeholders if we can accomplish it. But we're
focused on the task at hand, and we'll continue through the process and see where we are at the end of
the year.

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Terrific. Congrats guys on the results.

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Thanks, Shar.

Operator

Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from BofA.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

Maybe picking up where Shar left it off, can you speak a little bit more about some of this inflation
dynamic and especially some of the elevated freight and logistics? I mean it seems like your '21/'22
outlook here is relatively intact. Can you speak to some of the dynamics there in and just the confidence?
It seems like you guys are certainly staying on track of execution as you have historically. But also in the
same vein of inflation, can you speak to what that does to your PPA offtake prices, right? I mean how are
you thinking about this being effectively passed through to your customers, if you will, whether that's as a
proxy for higher gas and power prices or simply just passing through your higher cost of goods here?

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2021

Yes. Thanks, Julien. And I'll start with some kind of near-term thoughts and then think about the broader
term second. Near term, as we talked about in the prepared remarks, we feel very comfortable with where
we are with our backlog and what we plan to build in the 2021 and 2022 time frame. And our comments
reflected that in the prepared remarks. And it's a real credit to the way that we approach this business
and our engineering and construction and integrated supply chain teams really working through a variety
of different circumstances over the last 1.5 years. And we've secured the equipment that we need to
build out those projects and, of course, have some contractual agreements in place that help us feel
comfortable about that position.

From a longer-term standpoint, I think it still remains to be seen in some respects. You can see that in
a broad set of discussion across the financial and the broader U.S. economy dialogue of whether or not
this is temporary, related to near-term snapbacks in demand and hurdles in the supply chain that may not
persist over time or if it is systemic and persisting. So I think that remains a little bit to be seen.

One thing that's very fortunate for renewables, as you all well know, is that renewable energy projects
are very much the least cost form of generation in many parts, if not most of parts, of the U.S. So even if
there is a change in pricing, if these cost increases are persistent and systemic over a long period of time,
the value proposition is still very clear for renewables relative to alternatives.

And then beyond that, we also need to think about what implications, if any, there will be from policy
changes. So I think the net takeaway is somewhat premised in your question is that we feel comfortable
with where we are, we're prepared for a variety of set of circumstances and we're thrilled with the position
of renewables and the growth opportunities in, honestly, the decades ahead.

John W. Ketchum
President & CEO

One small add I would make, Julien, to what Rebecca just said. This is John. It's actually creating
opportunities for us. Our supply chain capability and our ability to manage that supply chain, the buying
power that we have, spending $11 billion in CapEx a year, it's creating opportunities for us in the
renewable space because we can execute and deliver where others can't.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

I mean to that point, can you speak to how much procurement you all have done against the full kind of
4-year outlook that you guys talked about here? I mean how hedged up, for the lack of a better way to
describe this, are you against these eventualities? I know you all do meaningful forward planning here.

John W. Ketchum
President & CEO

Yes. Pretty well hedged up, Julien. I mean we've basically locked in obviously '21, we've locked in '22,
making really good headway against '23 as well. And so that's put us in a great position when you look
at where we stand against the rest of the market. And where others can't deliver, particularly around
commitments in '22 or '23 or '24 because they don't have the same supply chain leverage that we do,
it's really creating opportunities in those out years. And you've got to remember, the customer is a little
bit concerned. So if they're dealing with smaller players that don't have the same supply chain leverage,
that are having to constantly go back to them for price-ups or for COD extensions, it really lowers the
credibility of those types of players in the market and it creates more opportunities that fall our way. And
so that's why I'd say it's a real opportunity for us.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

Got it. And just to clarify that even further. Are you suggesting that not only could you get awarded future
contracts, are you suggesting that you might be able to take over existing or perhaps the defunct PPAs
that have already been awarded?

John W. Ketchum
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2021

President & CEO

Not take over, but if those opportunities fall away because the offtake or the customer can't arrange or
work out with that developer, sometimes those get bid back out to RFP or sometimes it creates a bilateral
opportunity for us.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Can you hear me, Rebecca?

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

I can hear you fine.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

So first, a question on the announced backlog growth this quarter, a lot of solar adds but just a little bit
of storage. Are you seeing -- if I recall, you've been getting kind of 50% roughly adoption of storage with
solar. Is that changing? It just happened to be more just solar stand-alone weighted this quarter?

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Yes. Steve, I wouldn't read into it. Just kind of consistent with the overall backlog additions. I think
you need a little bit broader than just a 3-month period to get an indication of trends. What we see
is not a slowdown in storage at all. There's a lot of interest in new storage opportunities not just with
our customers but even from a regulatory standpoint in certain jurisdictions where storage could be
particularly helpful given certain dynamics in various markets. So we're very excited about the storage
opportunity and don't see a change in the overall dynamics of opportunities.

John W. Ketchum
President & CEO

Yes. And one thing I would add to that, Steve, is with all the hot weather that you're seeing out in
the West, that's only going to drive more storage opportunity. And I think we have a real competitive
advantage as you've seen in the past in those markets.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. Great. And maybe just switching over to NEP. So this is the second drop, I think, in the last 6
months or so where the CAFD yields have been around 8%. Is that kind of the new range we should be
expecting for NEP on drops of long-term contracted assets?

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Steve, as you can appreciate, we and of course the NEP Board and Energy Resources' perspective is all
constantly looking at what valuations are and where third-party transactions have transacted and we think
about the valuations in those lights. And I think with where cost of capital are and demands for renewable
projects, I think this transaction appropriately balances and reflects those dynamics.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2021

Okay. And I guess last question, just on any thoughts on some of the discussion in ERCOT Texas on
renewables, on market structure changes and how they're discussing kind of treatment of renewables
there. I mean is there a risk that renewables need to end up paying for ancillaries?

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

I would characterize it, Steve, as a work in progress. Obviously, the events that happened in February
were pretty significant, and it takes time to work through and properly account for where there were
sources of pressure and what the appropriate responses are from a -- obviously, from a political, but
of course, most importantly from a regulatory and a policy standpoint. And I think they're still sorting
through it.

Obviously, Governor Abbott has asked for certain actions to be taken from the PUCT and ERCOT and
there's a framework that the PUCT has started to lay out. But I think there's still time to work through
what those details look like. From our perspective, you now well we've been very active in a variety of
aspects in ERCOT. We know that market well and we certainly have a strong perspective on what needs to
be addressed in particular to focus on what really went wrong in February, including a massive amount of
disruption across the gas supply, not only from supply, but transmission and ultimately, consumption by
end users. And we hope that a lot of the actions will be focused on that as opposed to things that won't
necessarily help and solve the fundamental problems in hand. But I think the most important part is it's
work in progress.

John W. Ketchum
President & CEO

Yes. And I think what I would add to that is trying to frame the problem, right? You have an 82-gigawatt
system. I mean renewables, let's face it, we're a very small part of that. On an NCF-adjusted basis during
year, you're talking about 3 gigawatts. And really the way to address the problem, if you're really going
to go after the problem, you really have to focus on gas-fired units, you have to focus on coal, you have
to focus on nuclear and you can't lose sight of the fact that the reason that ERCOT has low power prices
is because of renewables. And renewables are what are really driving the efficiencies and the economics
of that market. So there's a much bigger story to be told. That's what we're working through at the
workshop level. As Rebecca said, this is going to take some time to play out.

Operator

Our next question comes from Stephen Byrd from Morgan Stanley.

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I wanted to talk about the outlook for renewable and energy storage costs, but take it from a different
perspective. I know there's been a lot of attention on commodity cost dynamics. But on the more
positive side, I was interested in your views on sort of innovations that could result in cost reduction
breakthroughs. And there's an interesting article this week in the Wall Street Journal in storage, and we're
trying to make sure we're thinking through potential areas of innovation. I was just curious at a high level,
are there areas of innovation, whether it be in storage or in solar, green hedging, just things that excite
you in terms of the potential to have very significant impacts on cost or performance?

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

You know all of us, Stephen. We love technology, we love innovation and we certainly are excited about
a lot of changes that are happening across the energy sector. I think the biggest driver -- dynamic in
our sector today is really the cost of renewables overall even today. And that, that alone is stimulating
a significant amount of change and that adoption over time will create the need for more storage-like
applications, whether it's lithium ion or I think the technology you're referencing the Wall Street Journal
of course, hydrogen in the longer term, which we're also very excited about. Those are all very interesting

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2021

particularly for the latter part of the 2020s and into 2030 and beyond, which could help support the
substantial build-out that we're expecting.

In the short term, I think the biggest dynamic is what we see at hand, which is the economic value
proposition of renewables. What we think could change that probably nearer term than even some of the
innovations you're talking about is policy. You all, I know, are following just like we are and participating
in a variety of discussions in Washington. But if the incentives are addressed in legislation, that could be a
big driver of change in the industry as well in terms of timing.

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

That's very helpful. And then I wanted to go back to the drop-down that you announced. I was just
curious, what was the amount of gain to NextEra from the drop-down of assets down to NAV?

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

I'm not sure I understand the question, Stephen. Are you talking about the proceeds?

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Well, the proceeds relative to the cost of developing. I was just curious sort of what degree of premium
NextEra was able to achieve relative to the cost of developing those assets?

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

We haven't disclosed that yet, Stephen. As we go through the process, of course, we'll update the financial
statements assuming that the transaction closes. But we are very pleased from an Energy Resources
perspective with these projects, consistent overall returns with the types of returns that we see across
wind and solar and distributed generation projects. On the DG side, we continue to be very excited about
this business in Energy Resources. The team has done a terrific job building it. And as I commented in the
prepared remarks, we're expecting to triple the investment that we've made in the business. And those
tend to be a very attractive returns.

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Understood. I was asking in part -- I was just looking at the multiple of EBITDA. I mean, as Steve
Fleishman mentioned, the cash CAFD yield, that's -- 8% is not surprising, but the multiple of EBITDA
looked relatively low, but there may be some elements there that I'm just missing.

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

I don't think -- I wouldn't think that was characterized in anything unusual, Stephen. We're happy with the
overall returns of the project. And I do think that the CAFD yields are reflective of market transactions that
we see in the marketplace and really reflective of substantial demand for renewables. And we continue to
be very excited about the prospects for NEP.

Operator

Our next question comes from Maheep Mandloi from Crédit Suisse.

Maheep Mandloi
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Just following on the NEP side, the expected drop-downs in the adjusted EBITDA and CAFD guidance
remains unchanged. Is that because of timing or something else on that side?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2021

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

I'm sorry. Was the guidance changed? What was the -- I missed that part.

Maheep Mandloi
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

The adjusted EBITDA and CAFD guidance is the same as the last quarter. So just wondering if the new
drop-downs are accretive on 2022 levels EBITDA and...

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

I understand now. Sorry about that. From our expectations, if you look at our guidance expectations even
at the end of last year, which is when we started talking about what the expectations for run rate at the
end of this year, they were for an increase. This transaction was something that we are anticipating as
part of our growth expectations. We do expect to be at the high end of the ranges as we've articulated for
both adjusted EBITDA and CAFD for year-end.

Maheep Mandloi
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Got it. Got it. And in terms of additional drop-downs, would this be comfortable for 2022 needs? And is it a
fair statement that you might need more drop-downs for 2023 distribution growth?

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

We will continue to be opportunistic. There's a lot of flexibility within the NEP portfolio. We continue to
have a pretty low payout ratio. If you recall, about 1.5 years ago, we took some actions to disperse,
delever but also supplement the portfolio during the uncertainty of the PG&E bankruptcy and continue
to have a relatively low payout ratio. One of the advantages of that is NextEra Energy Partners can
be opportunistic in terms of meeting its distribution per unit growth targets of 12% to 15%, which is
really the metric against really managing and measuring the business to ensure that we can meet those
expectations. We provide the expectations for run rate, adjusted EBITDA and CAFD to give a sense of how
we're expecting to achieve them, but there is flexibility in how we get there.

Maheep Mandloi
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Got you. And just maybe a last one from me. The -- in terms of the -- on the news development and just
given the recent cost pressures on the input side, does having that safe harbor help meet any near-term
needs? Or are you using some of that $2.2 billion of safe harbor equipment upfront to avoid any higher
costs in the near term?

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

There's a lot of flexibility inherent to that safe harbor portfolio, but we see it mostly as an option to create
the opportunity to realize the tax incentives. Just as we've seen over the last couple of years, there have
been extensions in terms of time frames and even extensions in terms of the available percentage of
the tax credit in a given period. So maintaining flexibility and optionality is our first priority. We continue
to feel very comfortable with the 2021 and 2022 build of being able to meet the equipment needs and
ultimately bring them into service and time frames that are very attractive from an Energy Resources
perspective.

John W. Ketchum
President & CEO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2021

Yes. I would think of the safe harbor extension as being certainly an incremental opportunity for us. One
of the advantages that we have is we're always careful on how we manage our safe harbor vintaging, and
we're fortunate because we were in good shape on our 2017 vintage portfolio. And so the safe harbor
extension creates 1 to 1.5 gigawatts of opportunity for us on the wind side.

And if I could come back just for 1 second on Stephen Byrd's question on the EBITDA multiples. The
EBITDA multiples on this drop-down were consistent with what we've done in the past. You got to
remember, it always gets a little bit tricky with tax credits. You also have to remember that even after the
sale of the NEP, we own a good portion of NEP. We get cash distributions. We get IDRs. When you take
all that into account on an EBITDA multiple basis, we end up with what we believe is a very competitive
marker against where renewable assets trade today.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Actually, I have a couple. First of all, just broad big picture renewables, do you think you're taking share?
Meaning do you think your market share of renewable capacity in the U.S. is actually growing from here?
Or are you mostly benefiting from the dramatic tailwinds that's happening to the overall space? That's
question one.

Question two is there are lots of new entrants. Every day, someone, a new entrant, gets announced and
well-funded, whether it's by pension funds, whether it's European big oil, whether it's by some of the
large super well-capitalized and well-known alternative asset managers. We saw an announcement out of
one of them yesterday or the day before about funding a solar and storage start-up. What's that doing in
returns? Are you seeing that kind of flow into the cash flow returns yet of new projects you're developing
today versus what you may have done a year or 18 months ago?

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

So Michael, I'll start with the middle of it and maybe expand to the right and the left. The middle of it is
this market is absolutely growing significantly, and we expect it to continue to grow significantly for years
to come. So from our perspective, the pie absolutely is getting bigger. Over a long period of time, our
market share has remained very strong, in the 20-ish percent range for wind and probably in the mid-
teens, occasionally a little bit higher and occasionally probably in the mid-teens on solar, and storage
has actually been higher than both of those as this market has grown significantly over the last couple of
years.

When we look out, we focus on both maintaining market share and also maintaining attractive returns.
And we think our competitive advantages have enabled us to do that over time. And we think both is
important and be among them is very important. So John and his team are focused on getting the best of
the projects that we see out in the marketplace and ultimately being very happy with the projects that we
put into the portfolio.

We get asked the question about new entrants a lot. You know this industry well. If you look back and you
stack power purchase agreement awards over many years, you'll see that very big bar to the left when
we put the chart together and a couple of bars that are smaller, of course, but still decent-sized and then
a whole bunch of small players to get 100 -- a couple of hundred megawatts in a given year, and that
dynamic continues to be consistent. That's for greenfield and kind of in the more development-oriented
projects. There has been more capital coming in, but that's mostly post-COD. And when we think about
capturing the value of developing renewables, it really is on that twinkle in the eye of a developer, the
COD is the enormous opportunity to create value, and we continue to be very good at it and enhance
those competitive advantages to maintain that position over time. So we're really excited about what
we've been able to accomplish, really excited about our position and really excited about the energy
transformation overall and the opportunities that presents.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2021

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got it. And then one quick follow-up just on NEP. You still have the IDR structure at NEP. And as NEP
grows, at what point do you think that becomes -- and you've made a revision to it, but it's been a while.
But at what point do you reevaluate the necessity of the IDR at the NEE level and especially given the fact
that kind of IDR structures have significantly gone away from some of the other industries that used to
use them?

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Michael, we -- obviously, we've gotten that question before in the past. And of course, from NEE's
perspective, we continue to be happy with the relationship as it exists today between knee and NEP. And
there's a lot of synergy between the 2 companies and value created from each of their perspective from
the structure that's in place. And that alignment of incentives remains important, we believe, to ensuring
value creation from both NextEra Energy's and NextEra Energy Partners' perspective. We are excited about
the opportunities for both businesses and we'll see what the future brings. But it continues to work and
we're very pleased with the alignment of interest today.

Operator
And ladies and gentlemen, with that, we'll conclude today's question-and-answer session and conference
call. We do thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

