NextEra Energy Partners, LP NYSE:NEP
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, April 21, 2021 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.31

2.66

758.06

0.44

1.53

1.77

Revenue  (mm)

292.62

246.00

(15.93 %)

342.98

1338.41

1494.78

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-20-2021 4:18 PM GMT

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.47

0.51

0.43

0.31

0.69

0.76

0.85

2.66

46.81 %

49.02 %

97.67 %

758.06 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

James L. Robo
Chairman, President & CEO
NextEra Energy, Inc.

Jessica Lynn Aldridge
Director of Investor Relations
NextEra Energy, Inc.

John W. Ketchum
President & CEO
NextEra Energy Resources, LLC

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO
NextEra Energy, Inc.

ANALYSTS

Michael Weinstein
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day and welcome to the NextEra Energy and NextEra Energy Partners First Quarter 2021 Conference
Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the
conference over to Jessica Aldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.

Jessica Lynn Aldridge
Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, Rocco. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our first quarter 2021 combined
earnings conference call for NextEra Energy and NextEra Energy Partners. With me this morning are Jim
Robo, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of NextEra Energy; Rebecca Kujawa, Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer of NextEra Energy; John Ketchum, President and Chief Executive Officer of
NextEra Energy Resources; and Mark Hickson, Executive Vice President of NextEra Energy, all of whom
are also officers of NextEra Energy Partners; as well as Eric Silagy, President and Chief Executive Officer of
Florida Power & Light Company. Rebecca will provide an overview of our results, and our executive team
will then be available to answer your questions.

We will be making forward-looking statements during this call based on current expectations and
assumptions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from
our forward-looking statements if any of our key assumptions are incorrect or because of other factors
discussed in today's earnings news release in the comments made during this conference call in the
Risk Factors section of the accompanying presentation or in our latest reports and filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, each of which can be found on our website, nexteraenergy.com and
nexteraenergypartners.com. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements.

Today's presentation also includes references to non-GAAP financial measures. You should refer to the
information contained in the slides accompanying today's presentation for definitional information and
reconciliations of historical non-GAAP measures to the closest GAAP financial measure. As a reminder, Gulf
Power legally merged into Florida Power & Light Company effective on January 1, 2021. Gulf Power will
continue as a separate reporting segment within Florida Power & Light and NextEra Energy through 2021,
serving its existing customers under separate retail rates. Throughout today's presentation, when we refer
to FPL, we are referring to Florida Power & Light, excluding Gulf Power, unless otherwise noted or when
using the term combined.

With that, I will turn the call over to Rebecca.

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Thank you, Jessica, and good morning, everyone. NextEra Energy is off to a terrific start in 2021 and has
made excellent progress in the core focus areas that we discussed on the last call. Adjusted earnings per
share increased nearly 14% year-over-year, reflecting successful performance across all of the businesses.
FPL increased net income by approximately $78 million from the prior year comparable period, which was
driven by continued investment in the business for the benefit of our customers.

During the quarter, FPL successfully placed in service approximately 300 megawatts of additional cost-
effective solar projects built under its SolarTogether program, which remains the largest community
solar program in the nation. FPL now owns and operates approximately 2,640 megawatts of solar on
its combined system, which is more than any other utility in the country. FPL's other major capital
investments, including the 409-megawatt Manatee Energy Storage Center and highly efficient 1,200-
megawatt Dania Beach Clean Energy Center, are also on schedule and on budget. By executing on smart
capital investments such as these, FPL is able to maintain its best-in-class customer value proposition
of clean energy, low bills, high reliability and outstanding customer service. FPL's typical residential bill

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

remains well below the national average and the lowest in the nation among the 20 largest U.S. investor-
owned utilities, while our service reliability has never been higher.

Gulf Power also had a strong quarter of execution. The focus on the operational cost effectiveness at Gulf
Power continues to progress well, with a 43% increase in net income year-over-year, primarily driven by
year-to-date O&M costs declining by approximately 21% versus the prior year comparable period and by
more than 34% relative to 2018. Gulf Power also delivered further improvements in service reliability and
employee safety, with no OSHA recordables year-to-date through the end of March. We remain committed
to delivering on the objectives that we have previously outlined at Gulf Power and continue to expect to
generate significant customer and shareholder value over the coming years.

At Energy Resources, adjusted earnings increased 13% year-over-year, and it was another strong quarter
of renewables origination, with our backlog increasing by approximately 1,750 megawatts since the
last call. We continue to see increased stakeholder focus on environmental, social and governance, or
ESG, factors, helping to drive accelerated demand for diversified clean energy solutions among new
nontraditional customers, particularly in the commercial and industrial sector as an attractive source of
incremental growth for Energy Resources in the coming years.

We have been encouraged by the Biden administration's focus on clean energy and the emphasis they
have placed on it in their budget and in the upcoming infrastructure package. We continue to work with
the administration on their important efforts around extensions of existing renewable credits, new credits
for transmission and storage, including hydrogen as well as a new clean energy standard for the electric
sector. We support a clean energy standard that accelerates the decarbonization of the electric grid and
enables the decarbonization of the transportation and industrial sectors as well.

We believe that no energy company in the world has been more committed, consistent and proactive in
promoting smart investments in clean energy technology as we have been for over 2 decades. As the push
for action to address climate change and acceleration of progress towards decarbonization creates new
and enhanced renewable incentives across our industry, we continue to believe that no company is better
positioned than NextEra Energy to continue to drive change and capitalize on these trends. At this early
point in the year, we are very pleased with our progress at FPL, Gulf Power and Energy Resources.

Now let's turn to the detailed results, beginning first with FPL. For the first quarter of 2021, FPL reported
net income of $720 million or $0.37 per share. Earnings per share increased $0.04 year-over-year.
Regulatory capital employed growth of 10.8% was a significant driver of FPL's EPS growth versus the prior
year comparable quarter. FPL's capital expenditures were approximately $1.4 billion for the quarter, and
we expect our full year capital investments to be between $6.6 billion and $6.8 billion. FPL's reported ROE
for regulatory purposes will be approximately 11.6% for the 12 months ending March 2021. During the
quarter, we utilized $316 million of reserve amortization to achieve our target regulatory ROE, leaving
FPL with a balance of $578 million. As we've previously discussed, FPL historically utilizes more reserve
amortization in the first half of the year given the pattern of its underlying revenues and expenses, and we
expect to continue this trend this year.

Let me now turn to Gulf Power, which reported first quarter 2021 net income of $57 million or $0.03
per share. Gulf Power's capital expenditures were $170 million for the quarter as it continues to execute
on smart capital investments for the benefit of customers, and we expected full capital investments for
the year to be between $800 million and $900 million. All of Gulf Power's major capital investments,
including the North Florida Resiliency Connection that is expected to be in service in mid-2022, continued
to progress well. As a result of these ongoing investments, regulatory capital employed increased by
approximately 16% year-over-year. Gulf Power's reported ROE for regulatory purposes is expected to be
approximately 10.4% for the 12 months ending March 2021.

Turning to our development and planning efforts. We recently filed an updated 10-year site plan for FPL
and Gulf Power which we expect will begin to operate as an integrated electric system in 2022. The 10-
year site plan projects that zero-emission sources will provide nearly 40% of all energy produced across
the combined FPL system in 2030, largely as a result of FPL's continued rapid expansion of solar energy
through the execution of its 30-by-30 plan and the success in its coal phaseout strategy. FPL expects to
add 3,800 megawatts of additional cost-effective solar over the next 4 years, and we now control all of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

the land needed to meet our projected solar deployment of 11.7 gigawatts by 2030 for the combined FPL
system.

The site plan also reflects an expected total deployment of more than 1,200 megawatts of storage
capacity by 2030. This plan is consistent with our belief that renewable generation and particularly solar,
paired with battery storage in Florida, is an increasingly cost-effective form of generation in most parts of
the U.S. As we execute on these opportunities, we project that FPL's combined emissions rate will be 62%
lower in 2030 than the industry average was in 2005 and 20% lower than the U.S. Department of Energy's
projected industry average in 2030.

Moreover, we continue to plan and invest in sustainable solutions to broaden how we serve customers
and prepare for an even cleaner future. During the quarter, FPL placed in service nearly 70 new electric
vehicle charging ports and is now operating nearly 400 electric vehicle charging ports in the state as part
of our goal to install more than 1,000 charging ports in more than 100 locations across the combined FPL
service area from 2019 through 2022. As we've previously discussed, we are also developing a hydrogen
electrolysis pilot project at FPL's Okeechobee combined cycle unit as part of our efforts to introduce
further fuel diversity and resiliency into FPL's generation system. The approximately 25-megawatt solar
connected electrolyzer that will be used to generate clean hydrogen as part of the Okeechobee pilot will
be the largest of its kind in the U.S. to date. While these projects are just a few examples of our advanced
deployment efforts at FPL, we are excited about the immense opportunities that lie ahead as our industry
moves towards cleaner, more sustainable future.

The Florida economy continues to recover from the early effects of the pandemic and is among the
strongest in the nation. The current unemployment rate of 4.7% is well below the national average. The
real estate sector continues to grow, with average building permits and the Case-Shiller Index for South
Florida up approximately 6% and 10%, respectively, versus the prior year. Florida's retail sales index
continued its quarter-over-quarter improvement, which is a further indication of the ongoing health in
our economy and bolsters our confidence in our smart investment strategy required to serve anticipated
demand growth.

During the quarter, FPL's average number of customers increased by approximately 71,400 or 1.4%
versus the comparable prior year quarter, driven by continued solid underlying population growth. FPL's
first quarter retail sales decreased 1.7% from the prior year comparable period, which is primarily due
to mild weather in the first quarter of this year versus 2020. We estimate that approximately 3% of the
decline can be attributed to weather-related usage per customer. On a weather-normalized basis, first
quarter retail sales increased 1.3%, with continued strong underlying usage contributing favorably.

For Gulf Power, the average number of customers grew 1.1% versus the comparable prior year quarter,
driven by continued economic growth in Northwest Florida. Gulf Power's first quarter retail sales increased
2.9% year-over-year primarily due to favorable weather.

On March 12, we submitted testimony and detailed supporting information for Florida Power & Light's
2021 base rate proceeding. The overall proposal for our 2022 through 2025 base rate plan is substantially
consistent with the test year letter filed in January. We are requesting a base rate adjustment of
approximately $1.1 billion starting in January '22; $607 million starting in January of 2023; and solar-
based rate adjustments, or SoBRA, mechanisms, in 2024 and 2025 for up to 1,788 megawatts of cost-
effective solar.

We are proud to offer our customers service that ranks among the cleanest and the most reliable in the
country, with typical residential bills of approximately 13% below state average and importantly, nearly
10% lower than in 2006. The 4-year base plan has been designed to support continued investments in
the long-term infrastructure and advanced technology, which continues to improve our already best-in-
class reliability and helps keep customer bills low. With the proposed base rate adjustments and current
projections for fuel and other costs, we believe that FPL's typical residential bill will grow at an average
annual rate of about 3.4% from January 2021 through the end of 2025, which is expected to result in
FPL's typical residential bill being approximately 20% below the projected national average and more than
20% lower than our typical bills 15 years ago when adjusted for inflation. Typical Gulf Power residential
bills are projected to decrease approximately 1% over the 4-year rate plan.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

The Florida Public Service Commission has established a schedule for this proceeding, beginning with
the quality of service hearings in June and technical hearings in late August. The proceedings would
conclude in the fourth quarter with the staff -- the recommendation and commission rulings on revenue
requirements and rates. We look forward to the opportunity to present our case to the commission this
summer, and our focus will be to pursue a balanced outcome that supports continued execution of our
successful strategy for customers. As always, we are open to the possibility of resolving our rate request
through a fair settlement agreement.

Energy Resources reported first quarter 2021 GAAP earnings of $491 million or $0.25 per share. Adjusted
earnings for the first quarter were $598 million or $0.30 per share, up 13% versus the prior year
comparable period. New investments added $0.04 per share, primarily reflecting growth in the renewables
and storage business, including more than 2,700 megawatts of new contracted wind projects that were
commissioned during 2020. The extreme market conditions in Texas in February were the primary driver
of the underperformance in our existing generation portfolio and customer supply and trading business
as well as the favorable performance in the gas infrastructure business. As a reminder, when weather
events like this occur, we operate our businesses in Texas as a portfolio. And while there were pluses and
minuses during these events, we believe the end result is a testament to the strength of our large and
well-diversified business. All other impacts increased results by $0.03 versus 2020.

As I mentioned earlier, Energy Resources development team had another strong quarter of origination. We
added 503 megawatts of new solar projects to our backlog, including 190 megawatts of solar that will be
paired with approximately 100 megawatts of 4-hour battery storage capacity. In 2020, our market share
of signed contracts and co-located solar-plus storage assets in the U.S. was more than 35%, and we are
excited about the continued trend in demand for co-located storage solutions as we anticipate even further
cost synergies by pairing low-cost renewables with storage solutions in the coming decades as being an
important part of decarbonization in our sector.

We also added 916 megawatts of new wind projects to our backlog for 2022. In addition, our backlog
increased by Energy Resources' share of NextEra Energy Partners' planned acquisition of 391 megawatts
of operating wind projects announced earlier this week. With the approximately 1,750 megawatts added
this quarter, our backlog of signed contracts at Energy Resources now totals approximately 15,250
megawatts, supporting our industry-leading long-term growth expectations. We remain enthusiastic about
the expanded investment opportunities that the broad decarbonization of the U.S. economy presents for
Energy Resources, and we continue to evaluate pilot projects for industrial, transportation and electric
sector applications.

In addition to the pilots and partnerships we've discussed on prior calls, we recently committed to make
a minority investment in a clean energy technology company that has developed a proprietary process to
essentially decarbonize the industrial production of hydrogen at economic prices. This investment and the
hydrogen pilots we've announced to date show the promise of electrification across our economy, and we
are excited for the opportunity to participate in these new markets and build renewables to support future
growth in demand for electricity. Consistent with our long-term track record, we will remain disciplined as
we take steps to be at the forefront of this developing market while taking a leadership role in the clean
energy transition.

Beyond renewables and storage, NextEra Energy Transmission furthered its efforts to build America's
leading competitive transmission company with the closing of its acquisition of GridLiance occurring at the
end of last month. GridLiance, which owns 3 FERC-regulated transmission utilities spanning 6 states, is an
excellent complement to our existing operations and further expands NextEra Energy's regulated business
through the addition of attractive rate-regulated assets. NextEra Energy Transmission now owns regulated
assets in 10 states and 6 regional transmission organizations.

Growth in renewables means that there is also a growing imperative to build additional transmission
across the U.S. to support this transmission to a low-cost, low-carbon economy, fueled by renewable
energy. Our incorporation of GridLiance into our portfolio furthers our strategy to be North America's
leading competitive transmission provider, both to deploy capital profitably as well as to enable further
renewables deployment.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Turning now to the consolidated results for NextEra Energy. For the first quarter of 2021, GAAP net
income attributable to NextEra Energy was $1.67 billion or $0.84 per share. NextEra Energy's 2021 first
quarter adjusted earnings and adjusted EPS were $1.33 billion and $0.67 per share, respectively. Adjusted
earnings from Corporate and Other segment were roughly flat year-over-year.

Long-term financial expectations, which we increased and extended late last year through 2023, remain
unchanged. For 2021, NextEra Energy expects adjusted earnings per share to be in a range of $2.40 to
$2.54. For 2022 and 2023, NextEra Energy expects to grow 6% to 8% off of the expected 2021 adjusted
earnings per share, and we will be disappointed if we are not able to deliver financial results at or near
the top end of these ranges in 2021, 2022 and 2023, while at the same time maintaining our strong credit
ratings. From 2018 to 2023, we continue to expect that operating cash flow will grow roughly in line with
our adjusted EPS compound annual growth rate range. We also continue to expect to grow dividends per
share roughly 10% rate per year through at least 2022 off of a 2020 base. As always, our expectations
assume normal weather and operating conditions.

Let me now turn to NextEra Energy Partners, which delivered very strong first quarter results, with year-
over-year growth in adjusted EBITDA and cash available for distribution of approximately 20% and 36%,
respectively. Yesterday, the NextEra Energy Partners Board declared a quarterly distribution of $0.6375
per common unit or $2.55 per common unit on an annualized basis, up approximately 15% from a year
earlier. Inclusive of this increase, NextEra Energy Partners has grown its distribution per unit by 240%
since the IPO.

Further building on that strength, NextEra Energy Partners recently announced that it had entered into an
agreement to acquire an approximately 400-megawatt portfolio of long-term contracted wind assets. This
transaction will be NextEra Energy Partners' first third-party acquisition of renewable energy assets and
represents another step towards growing LP unit distributions in a manner consistent with our previously
stated expectations of 12% to 15% per year through at least 2024. I'll provide additional details on the
transaction in just a few minutes.

Turning to the detailed quarterly results. NextEra Energy Partners' first quarter adjusted EBITDA was
$354 million, and cash available for distribution was $184 million. New projects, which primarily reflect
the asset acquisitions that closed at the end of 2020, contributed $27 million of adjusted EBITDA and
$13 million of cash available for distribution. Existing projects added $39 million of adjusted EBITDA and
$23 million of cash available for distribution. This strong year-over-year increase in adjusted EBITDA and
cash available for distribution includes favorable results from NextEra Energy Partners' wind and natural
gas pipeline investments in Texas during the February winter storm, partially offset by the impacts of an
accelerated outage at our Genesis project during the quarter. Cash available for distribution also benefited
from a reduction in corporate level interest payments primarily as a result of certain refinancing activities
completed in the fourth quarter of last year. Additional details are shown on the accompanying slide.

As I previously mentioned, we continue to execute on our plan to expand NextEra Energy Partners'
portfolio and recently entered into an agreement to acquire an approximately 400-megawatt portfolio
of long-term contracted operating wind projects. The portfolio has a cash available distribution weighted
average contract life of approximately 13 years with high credit quality customers and further enhances
the diversity of NextEra Energy Partners' existing portfolio. The transaction is expected to close in the third
quarter of this year, subject to customary closing conditions and the receipt of certain regulatory approvals
and generate an attractive CAFD yield and be immediately accretive to LP distributions.

This transaction demonstrates the NextEra Energy Partners' continued ability to execute on its long-
term growth plan, and it's enhanced by our ability to take advantage of Energy Resources' best-in-class
operating platform to reduce operating expenses at the asset. Energy Resources continues to leverage
our culture of continuous improvement to realize lower costs across the renewable assets that it operates.
Since 2017, Energy Resources has reduced fleet-wide dollar per megawatt hour O&M cost in its wind
fleet by more than 30%. And we believe both Energy Resources' wind and solar operating expenses are
significantly better than its industry peers. With Energy Resources operating the NextEra Energy Partners
renewable assets, these cost advantages directly benefit LP unitholders. Over the coming years, we look

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

forward to leveraging the benefits of Energy Resources' operating portfolio platform for both NextEra
Energy Partners' existing portfolio as well as to add incremental value to future third-party acquisitions.

In addition to providing attractive base returns, these projects are well situated in attractive markets
that we anticipate will have significant long-term renewables demand, supporting asset recontracting or
potential repowering opportunities after the initial contract terms. We continue to believe that the existing
NextEra Energy Partners portfolio has meaningful organic growth opportunities over the coming years and
expect the portfolio we are acquiring provides additional long-term investment opportunities as well.

NextEra Energy Partners expects to acquire the portfolio for a base purchase price of approximately $733
million, subject to closing adjustments. The portfolio of assets is expected to contribute adjusted EBITDA
and cash available for distribution of approximately $63 million to $70 million, each on a 5-year average
annual run rate basis beginning in December of -- December 31, 2021. We believe this transaction is an
attractive investment in which to deploy the $345 million of undrawn funds from the 2020 convertible
equity portfolio financing, which we used to fund the acquisition, along with existing NextEra Energy
Partners' debt capacity.

Following the recently announced transaction, we now expect to be in the upper end of our previously
disclosed year-end 2021 run rate adjusted EBITDA and CAFD expectation ranges of $1.44 billion to $1.62
billion and $600 million to $680 million, respectively. As a reminder, all of our expectations are subject
to our normal caveats and include the impact of anticipated IDR fees as we treat these as an operating
expense.

From a base of our fourth quarter 2020 distribution per common unit at an annualized rate of $2.46,
we continue to see 12% to 15% growth per year in LP distributions as being a reasonable range of
expectations through at least 2024. We expect the annualized rate of the fourth quarter 2021 distribution
that is payable in February of 2022 to be in the range of $2.76 to $2.83 per common unit.

In summary, after a strong start to the year, we remain as enthusiastic as ever about the long-term
growth prospects for both NextEra Energy and NextEra Energy Partners. At FPL, we continue to focus on
delivering our best-in-class customer value proposition through operational cost effectiveness, productivity
and making smart long-term investments. Energy Resources maintains significant competitive advantages
and continues to capitalize on the best renewables development period in our history. Combined with the
strength of our balance sheet and credit ratings, NextEra Energy is uniquely positioned to drive long-term
shareholder value, and we remain intensely focused on executing on these opportunities. NextEra Energy
Partners is well positioned to deliver on its already best-in-class runway for LP distribution growth.

Finally, last month, we were honored that NextEra Energy was ranked #1 in a sector for Fortune
Magazine's most admired -- World's Most Admired Companies list for the 14th time in 15 years. Moreover,
we are recognized for the 14th time as one of the world's most ethical companies by Ethisphere Institute,
which is a testament to our team of nearly 15,000 employees who are committed to our core values while
helping to build a sustainable energy era that is affordable and clean.

In the coming weeks, we expect to publish NextEra Energy's 2021 ESG Report, which we believe
establishes our full alignment with the Task Force for Climate-related Financial Disclosures (sic) [ Task
Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures ], or TCFD, recommendations. We are also excited to
announce our commitment to participation in the Carbon Disclosure Project Survey later this year. These
enhanced disclosures highlight the alignment of our corporate strategy with the key tenets of ESG, which
our company has been focused on for more than 25 years and remains key to execution of our strategy
moving forward.
That concludes our prepared remarks. And with that, I will open up the line for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

So just a couple of questions here. First, just on transmission opportunities. And you obviously closed
GridLiance this quarter, and there's been some proposals across the U.S., including California for
transmission expansions. Can we maybe get a little bit of a refreshed view on your transmission growth
strategy and kind of geographies where you may seek to expand? Do you guys see more opportunities for
acquisitions, perhaps from other PE-type owners? And just as a follow-up here, any thoughts on sort of
the new FERC administration recent language could hinder, I think, future transmission investment with
potentially lower ROEs, removal of some of the ROE adders. So just some thoughts there.

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Perfect. Thanks, Shar. And I appreciate all -- I was going to say the question, but I think it's multiple
questions in there. So I'll start and ask John can -- I guess, John or Jim can jump in if they want to add
something. We are very excited about opportunities in transmission. And it is founded on a couple of
points that I highlighted in the script. First is we couldn't be more excited, as you well know, about the
renewables opportunities across the U.S. in the coming decades. A key part of all of those opportunities --
or at least a lot of those opportunities in the latter part of this decade going into the 2030s and beyond is
some level of build-out of transmission in the U.S. beyond what's been accomplished. So both to enable
long-term renewables development, but also to capitalize on those opportunities, leaves us very interested
in transmission.

The Energy Resources team has done a terrific job growing that business, both through organic
opportunities, so long-term development efforts of identifying opportunities, participating in processes
and ultimately securing opportunities to invest and build and bring successfully into line -- into operation
some of those lines as well as through acquisitions, obviously, with GridLiance being the most recent and
Trans Bay Cable not being too much far behind it. I expect that we'll grow the business through both going
forward as well, continued efforts on the development side as well as participating in opportunities to
acquire investments as they come to market.

On the FERC transmission side, we do think there are lots of opportunities to improve how transmission
is sited and built across the U.S. And we're optimistic that this administration and this FERC will start
to focus on those. And I think it's both through FERC as well as potential focus on transmission in this
infrastructure package. So a lot of opportunities to invest in the future.

John W. Ketchum
President & CEO

Yes. The only thing that I would add to what Rebecca said there is we love GridLiance. Think of our
transmission presence as a donut. We had a hole in the middle. This gets us into SPP and MISO. We're
now a member as a TO. Important for Cal ISO as well. It's strategic. It's going to help enable a lot of new
renewable development for us. So it lines up really well with where we see renewable growth opportunities
going forward. And even with the news coming out of FERC on the ROE, we'll see what they ultimately do.
Don't forget that we've been able to enter in the long-term settlements at Trans Bay and on Lone Star as
well. And so our business is really unimpacted.

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Got it. Perfect. And then just on the rate case, and obviously, it's starting to pick up steam, interveners are
starting to gather. Are you seeing any early indications for what sort of -- the topics that may be debated?
I mean obviously, affordability is the obvious one. Cross-subsidization between the 2 merged utilities, that
could be another, ROEs. So just maybe just thinking about the bid-ask there. And at this juncture, do you
sort of feel there's a settlement path? Or does this case kind of need to be more litigated just given the
complexities of merging 2 utilities?

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Thanks, Shar. I think it's really early to comment on the rate case. We've just filed -- I think you've heard
us comment a couple of times that these are U-Haul trucks worth of filing requirements that we produce
and supply to staff and the interveners and the commission itself to start the process. So we're very
early. And no doubt the -- all of the key stakeholders is trying to review that information, and then we'll
see the process unfold really over quite a number of months, culminating with the hearings in August.
We are very proud, as I highlighted in the comments, both here and in other venues. We're really proud
of the case that the FPL team has put together, not just the case itself, but it's built on a foundation of
execution, not just over the last 5 years during which we've operated under the settlement agreement,
but of course, years and years before that. So we look forward to the opportunity to articulating that
through this process.

As it relates to settlements, as you know, here in Florida, there is a great history of settlement
agreements, not just with Florida Power & Light Company, but other utilities in the state. We do think that
opportunities to have a negotiated outcome that meets the needs of all stakeholders and historically that
has produced consistent rates for many years in the future that provides tremendous value for customers.
There's a great history of that. We, of course, will be open to it. But it's very early in this process. And
again, we look forward to being able to put forward our case.

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Terrific. And then just lastly for me on Santee Cooper. I mean obviously, the discussions, they're picking
up steam at the legislator. Anything we should be kind of watching for in the near term on the legislature
side and your bids out there? So do you see any kind of changes with your offer? Or are you kind of just
standing firm at this point?

James L. Robo
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure. It's Jim. Obviously, you saw that the Senate asked for folks to reexpress an interest. I sent a letter
last week. We're expressing our interest. We've been pretty clear that we remain interested. We have a
very strong bid out there. Obviously, things have changed in the last year with Santee Cooper. The rate
base is different. Their volumes are different, et cetera, et cetera. So -- but fundamentally, our bid stands,
and we're ready to get going and negotiating with the state on the sale.

And ultimately, the most important thing is it remains very clear to me that the best route for the state
and its customers and the economy of the state is to de-municipalize Santee Cooper and get it in the
hands of an entity like ourselves that will run it in a best-in-class way. And there's enormous value, I
think, to bring to the state through our ability to bring -- to decarbonize, our ability to have low bills over
a long period of time and our ability to really operate efficiently and bring great reliability to bear. One of
the -- I think you've seen the progress we've made at Gulf, and I think that's a great example of the kind
of progress that we'd be able to make at Santee Cooper as well. So...

Operator

And our next question today comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Can you hear me okay?

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

We can hear you just fine.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Great. So just curious, first, on the NEP acquisition. As you mentioned, for the most part, historically, you
haven't been able to make returns work on third-party acquisitions. So could you maybe talk about the
returns you expect on this transaction? And is this a suggestion that you're more optimistic that there'll be
more third-party acquisitions that meet your return hurdles?

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Yes. Steve, we're really excited about the acquisition. And as we've highlighted, both in terms of the
financial characteristics of it, one of the things that was particularly attractive about this portfolio when
we looked at it is our team's ability to add value on the operation and maintenance cost side. Really think
about it -- as we bring assets into the portfolio, it really gets leveraged on the platform that we already
operate. And so the team is really excited about how we can add incremental value through the Energy
Resources' management of these assets at NextEra Energy Partners.

We've been very excited about NextEra Energy Partners' growth outlook for quite some time. As we've
always indicated, it's well founded -- our excitement is well founded, just simply looking at the backlog of
both operating and signed contracts and then the potential for new contracts in Energy Resources. But I've
always alluded to the fact that really our market opportunity is this broader market set. And we'll continue
to engage and look for opportunities.

I do think there are more opportunities out there for third-party acquisitions on the renewable side. It's
an area of focus for us to continue to participate in. But we've got the freeway to grow. And to the extent
that we can put opportunities to [ gather ], great, and we'll take advantage of them over time, but we
also continue to have terrific organic opportunities in NEP, particularly as the portfolio grows and then, of
course, the continued success of Energy Resources in the broader market is very positive.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. And just any sense on the returns you expect on the -- on this acquisition?

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Sure. So the -- we've already highlighted the -- in terms of the CAFD produced for the assets of $60-
plus million relative to the acquisition price that we highlighted. Obviously, that's subject to closing
adjustments. So that's at the project level. And then we'll optimize the financing over time, particularly as
we think about the rest of the growth expectations for 2021 into 2022.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. And then just maybe a little bit more color on the Biden infrastructure and tax plan. Just, I guess,
maybe -- obviously, you made it clear that the infrastructure side would be beneficial to your business, I
think. How about -- how are you thinking on the tax side? And are there any risk to you from that, either
just the higher rate or the minimum book tax issue?

James L. Robo
Chairman, President & CEO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Steve, it's Jim. Obviously, there was a lot to unpack in the plan. It's very early in the process. I think this
is a process that's going to play out over months, not weeks. There's obviously a lot in the plan that's very
positive from a renewable standpoint. And as Rebecca said in the prepared remarks, we are excited to
work with the administration on the plan that, I think, is really going to accelerate the decarbonization of
the U.S. economy over the next several years in a way that, as we've always said for a long time, is going
to be essentially free to customers, i.e., not more expensive for customers, right? I mean the thing about
the green economy is that it's cleaner, it's greener, but it's also cheaper. And that is why it's -- that's why
it's so powerful.

So a lot of details obviously still to be worked out. We're working them. As you can imagine, it's very early
and probably too early for me to comment on any of the specific details that we feel like need some work
versus the ones that we like a lot.

On the tax front, I think, obviously, that's -- there are a lot of puts and takes with taxes, particularly
in a company that has both utility assets as well as renewable assets, and we're working through it.
Think about the tax rate being -- tax rate going up something in the $0.04 to $0.07 of headwind. I'm not
particularly worried about that in the context of all the other things that would be positive for our company
if the infrastructure bill gets passed. And so we continue to work, obviously, that as well. And lots of
details still to be laid out on the minimum tax issue. And that also matters as to what the final corporate
rate ends up being.

And I guess the last thing I would say is none of this is going to be easy to get done. It's very narrow
margins in both the Senate and the House. And folks tend to focus on the Senate and extraordinarily
narrow margin given kind of vacancies in the House right now as well. And there's -- the history on
midterm elections suggests that it's always an uphill battle for the current administration in midterm -- for
whatever party's in power in the midterm elections of a presidency. So that, on the one hand, I think, puts
some urgency, I think, around the administration's push to get something done this year. But the flip side
is it also -- there's a lot of risk for moderate democrats to take a vote on some of these issues.

So it's going to be very -- any change will be very hard. And I think we were very much a part of the --
we've always been very active in terms of what happens around clean energy policy in Washington, and
you can imagine that we're remaining very active on that front and working at it very hard. But I will just
say in closing that we're very much encouraged by the focus of the administration on decarbonizing the
economy. We feel like it's absolutely the right thing to do, right thing for the planet and the right thing
for customers and the right thing for the country, and we stand ready to support an infrastructure plan
that accelerates that decarbonization. And I think any acceleration of what's already going on just because
of the amazing economics that renewables have relative to the other alternatives plus what's going on
with hydrogen, and you saw there was a PTC -- hydrogen PTC as part of the -- suggested as part of the
infrastructure plan. So there's a lot of very positive things in there that we're going to be working on to
build on over the next several months.

Operator

Our next question today comes from Stephen Byrd at Morgan Stanley.

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I wanted to explore green hydrogen a little bit further. You all have expressed a lot of enthusiasm about
the potential for growth here and the potential for joint venture activity. And I was just curious of your
latest thinking there. And I guess that -- I guess, broadly, I've been thinking that sort of combining best-
in-class renewables that you have with significant capabilities and actually sort of marketing, distributing,
selling, et cetera, hydrogen would be critical to success in terms of supplying end-use customers with
green hydrogen. I'm just curious of your general outlook, enthusiasm for the prospect for more JV
announcements.

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Perfect. Thanks, Stephen. Let me start with the longer-term view first and then come back to the shorter-
term view, which would really tie into, I think, the latter part of your question and comment.

The first part, which is the latter-term view, is when we look at substantial deployment of renewables
and battery storage and think about how do you further decarbonize the U.S. electricity sector, when
we previously ran that analysis, just trying to add more renewables and add more battery storage, it
became very burdensome for customers because you aren't getting a significant amount of value to the
more renewables and storage you add, absent other actions. So when we incorporated hydrogen into
that thought, which is effectively a form of long-duration storage that is taking advantage of the cheap
electricity production coming from renewables, in some cases, excess renewable production at certain
times of the day, that substantially changed the value equation for customers to fully decarbonize in the
electricity sector. So that gives us great excitement about the potential for substantial renewables and
battery storage deployment, knowing that as you continue to deploy more and you find economic forms
of long-duration storage, that continues to be very value accretive to customers, both in cost and in the
performance of clean energy. So that's kind of the starting point.

But then coming back to a little bit more nearer term, if you think about how do you decarbonize
transportation and industrial sectors, the most exciting ways to do that, that we see today is through
electrification, whether that's in the form of electric vehicles fueled by batteries or other type of fuel
cells or through hydrogen, and hydrogen probably more applicable in the industrial sector, particularly
for applications that already exist today. So -- and with -- as Jim highlighted, the potential for hydrogen
production tax credit being considered by the administration and by Congress as part of the infrastructure
package, in the near term, we could see a closing of the gap perhaps fairly quickly to creating this as
an economic alternative to other fuel sources today that are fossil fuel-based. So yes, we couldn't be
more excited about it for both the opportunities for renewables, for electricity sector, industrial and
transportation, but also, as you suggested, potentially to participate in the hydrogen infrastructure itself,
whether it's the electrolyzer or rather forms of creating and distributing the molecules.

How much and where we participate in that is really one of the things that we're focused on in all of
these different pilots that both John and the Energy Resources team as well as Eric within Florida Power
& Light are thinking through today. How do we do that economically, how do we leverage some of the
scale benefits and opportunities that our business can bring to bear in these opportunities. You'll see us
continue to place small bets to get experience, to build relationships, to gain knowledge. And over the -- in
the short term, that won't add up to a heck of a lot of capital investment opportunity. But it will add up to
a tremendous amount of learning and continuing to focus our strategies on where we can add significant
amount of value to the infrastructure and the market and ultimately to our shareholders as well.

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

That's really helpful. And then just separately, thinking about the mix of growth at resources, obviously,
there's a lot of solar activity, a lot of solar megawatts that you'll be deploying. I just wanted to get your
latest thinking on the outlook for returns between solar and wind. I guess I generally hear continued views
that solar returns are certainly lower than wind, that there is more competition there. But just curious of
your latest thoughts on solar versus wind return outlook.

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Sure, Stephen. From a return standpoint, we do see a differential. We have, for quite some time, overall
returns between wind and solar. From a risk-adjusted basis, we're happy with returns that we've seen
in both sets of technologies. In the short term, in terms of backlog that John and the Energy Resources
team, it certainly has been influenced by what I think is the conventional wisdom for a long time that the
step-downs for the production tax credit on wind and the step-down for the investment tax credit on solar
were, in fact, likely to happen. I think our customers now are thinking about that a little bit differently as
discussions in Washington has -- had started to heat up.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

But as we look what are likely outcomes, as Jim was talking through, including the potential for extensions
of those incentives, I think the key takeaway is they remain -- both technologies are very likely to remain
economic for our customers to deploy on behalf of their customers and ultimately leading to significant
cost savings for electricity buyers at the end of the day. So they remain attractive from our perspective,
and we continue to focus our development efforts on wherever we can add value for our customers.

Operator

And our next question today comes from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse.

Michael Weinstein
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Could you -- on the subject of third-party acquisitions for NEP, could you comment on any opportunities
you're seeing in Texas following winter storm Uri? I think we've heard some previous comments that there
are lots of parties looking at distressed assets in the state and wondering if that might be an opportunity
for NEP as well.

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Yes. Michael, I think it's probably still a little bit too soon. I think most participants in the market are still
working through a lot of the implications and learnings from Texas. So I'm not sure there's a lot to be
commented on in the near term. It's obviously something we'll stay engaged in the market and participate
where it makes sense. But at this point, I think it's too soon.

Michael Weinstein
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

As -- can you comment a little bit about how much it costs to weatherize in the state? And what actions
you guys have been taking since the storm?

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Yes. So we've done a lot of deep dives across our portfolio to think about where weatherizing makes
sense. As I've talked about in the past and you well know, we have a lot of interest across Texas, not only
wind investment, solar, battery storage, gas infrastructure investments and, of course, the small retail
business. So we've been carefully thinking through all of what are the opportunities to learn and perhaps
invest going forward.

Specifically to weatherizing, I don't know if you were talking exclusively around the renewables fleet
or if you're talking about the gas infrastructure side. But on the renewables side, keep in mind that
weatherization really focuses on ambient temperature effects. And ambient temperature, at least for
our fleet, I can't speak for everybody's, was not the real issue for any sort of production shortfall versus
a FP50 forecast. It was really related to the fact that in this extraordinary event that happened for
multiple days, it was preceded by an icing event. So ice was accumulating on our blades. And when ice
accumulates on the blades, it's difficult for them to spin. And because the temperatures remained low for
several days in a row, there was an opportunity for that ice to shed.

Typically, weatherization packages don't really address ice accumulation on the blades. This is something
that the industry is focused on. There are some what, at this point, are very expensive solutions to try to
address ice accumulation on the blades. And given that they don't happen every year and certainly don't
happen frequently across specific sites every year, it ends up being very cost-prohibitive for something
that happens very sporadically. So I'm not optimistic that there's a substantial amount to do to -- at least
today with respect to weatherization on the wind side to change the event.

I do think there's opportunities across the gas supply side to improve the ability for gas to flow, which
obviously was really at the crux of the issues, along with not only natural gas supply shortages but plant

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

issues and issues in the coal fleet and issues in the nuclear fleet. So there's opportunities across the
market to invest.

John W. Ketchum
President & CEO

Yes. And if I could just add to that, what Rebecca said -- this is John. When you look at ERCOT's overall
operating fleet, what they really do have to address at the end of the day is weatherization of gas because
you think about 87, 88 gigawatts that were supposed to be available. I mean renewables, on an NCF-
adjusted basis, were only about 3 gigawatts of that and very much a rounding error in the problem that
occurred in Texas. And so Texas really needs to think through what are the right solutions for gas. Because
when you have icing conditions, it doesn't matter if it's blades on a turbine, it's a combustion gas turbine,
it's a nuclear power plant, it's a coal plant. When you have severe icing conditions, they're all going to fail.
And that's what we saw in Texas. And so the question is what is going to be the right market construct
going forward to provide the appropriate incentives for weatherization and for backup fuel on site to make
sure that these facilities are capable of running. And I think those are the kinds of issues that the Texas
legislature is currently evaluating.

Michael Weinstein
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Got you. One last question for me. Does third-party acquisitions at NEP put any kind of pressure on IDR
payments and on the IDR scheme going forward?

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

I'm not sure what you mean by pressure. They're ultimately -- the calculation for IDRs is one that's known
and relates to the overall growth in cash flow within NEP. So it's not specific to what the acquisition source
was for the assets.

Michael Weinstein
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. Just wondering if you see a big uptick in third-party acquisitions instead of drop-down cash going up
to NextEra. Is there any kind of, I don't know, pressure one way or another to change the IDR structure?

Rebecca J. Kujawa
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

No. There's not a difference in terms of the structure. And at this point in time, NextEra Energy Partners
and NextEra Energy remain happy with the IDR structure that's currently in place.

Operator
And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's question-and-answer session and today's conference
call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may disconnect your lines, and have a
wonderful day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

