Northrop Grumman Corporation 

NYSE:NOC
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, April 29, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

5.49

5.15

(6.19 %)

5.65

22.99

25.98

Revenue  (mm)

8544.40

8620.00

0.88

8827.16

35583.19

37758.77

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-21-2020 9:04 AM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

4.65

4.76

4.77

5.49

5.06

5.49

5.61

5.15

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8.82 %

15.34 %

17.61 %

(6.19 %)

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

David F. Keffer
Corporate VP & CFO

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

Todd B. Ernst
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Cai von Rumohr
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Carter Copeland
Melius Research LLC

Noah Poponak
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Peter J. Arment
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Robert Alan Stallard
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

David Egon Strauss
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Robert Michael Spingarn
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Douglas Stuart Harned
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Ronald Jay Epstein
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Seth Michael Seifman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Sheila Karin Kahyaoglu
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

George D. Shapiro
Shapiro Research

Hunter Kent Keay
Wolfe Research, LLC

Jonathan Phaff Raviv
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Joseph William DeNardi
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Myles Alexander Walton
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Northrop Grumman First Quarter 2020 Conference
Call. Today's call is being recorded. My name is Josh, and I will be your operator today. [Operator
Instructions]

I would now like to turn the call over to your host today, Mr. Todd Ernst, Treasurer and Vice President,
Investor Relations. Mr. Ernst, please proceed.

Todd B. Ernst
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Josh. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Northrop Grumman's First Quarter 2020 Conference
Call. We'll refer to a PowerPoint presentation that is posted to our IR web page this morning.

Before we start, matters discussed on today's call, including 2020 guidance, reflect the company's
judgment based on information available at the time of this call. They constitute forward-looking
statements pursuant to safe harbor provisions of federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements
involve risks and uncertainties, which are noted in today's press release and our SEC filings. These risks
and uncertainties may cause actual company results to differ materially. Matters discussed on today's call
will include non-GAAP financial measures that are reconciled in our earnings release and supplemental
PowerPoint presentation. Our earnings release contains a reconciliation of non-GAAP operating measures
to our GAAP results.

On the call today are Kathy Warden, our Chairman, CEO and President; and Dave Keffer, our CFO. At this
time, I'd like to turn the call over to Kathy. Kathy?

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Before turning to our
quarterly earnings, I'd like to address the COVID-19 impact. I want to thank those who have been working
to keep us safe, particularly those on the frontlines in the health care and first responder communities.
I also want to thank our Northrop Grumman employees. While each of us face these unique challenges,
our team's dedication to the mission is allowing us to continue providing products and services to our
customers.

Our first priority is protecting the health, safety and well-being of our team. We are requiring
telecommuting for those who can do so, and we've enhanced the safety of workspaces for those who must
come to work in person. Our facilities remain open. And we are taking extraordinary measures in an effort
to maintain healthy working conditions. These include implementing staggered shifts, health monitoring,
social distancing, face coverings and more robust cleaning.

In addition, we've expanded employee benefits and well-being programs. We are also supporting
our suppliers with a particular focus on our small and midsized business partners. We are advancing
approximately 30 million of payments per week to critical small and midsized suppliers, and we expect
these payment advances will exceed $200 million.

In addition, with the actions taken by the Department of Defense to increase progress payments, we are
flowing that full supplier benefit to our suppliers in a timely fashion. While we've not had a material supply
chain disruption, some are being impacted more than others, and our global supply chain team continues
to actively engage with our suppliers to address issues and find new opportunities to help them.

And we are supporting our local community. We are donating to organizations involved in COVID-19 relief
efforts, supporting frontline health care workers, first responders and service members, providing funds
to food banks and helping students get access to technology for virtual learning. We're also providing in-

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

kind donation. One example is a company-wide initiative to produce headbands and assemble thousands
of face shields for hospitals.

Turning to first quarter performance. As a result of our employees' efforts, our company did not
experience a material operating impact from the pandemic in the first quarter. We delivered a good
operating quarter with 5% sales growth, solid operating margin and a strong backlog.

Looking ahead to the remainder of the year, we are adjusting our guidance to reflect our estimate of the
pandemic's impact as we understand it today. We are updating our 2020 guidance for sales to between
$35 billion and $35.4 billion, a little less than 1% lower than prior guidance at the midpoint. Our update
to sales guidance reflects expected COVID-19-related impacts, primarily at Aeronautics, including their
exposure to commercial aerospace markets.

We are maintaining our guidance for segment operating margin rate, and we continue to expect our
segment operating margin will range between 11.3% and 11.5%. Although we now expect a margin rate
of approximately 10% at AS, this is being offset by an increase in Mission Systems' outlook. We now
expect Mission Systems will have a low to mid 14% margin rate. So as a result to the revenue impact, first
quarter marketable securities impact and interest related to the first quarter bond offering, we now expect
our EPS will range between $21.80 and $22.20. And Dave will discuss each of these items in more detail.

Cash from operations and free cash flow were negative in the quarter as is our typical pattern. We
continue to expect 2020 free cash flow will range between $3.15 billion and $3.45 billion, after capital
spending of approximately $1.35 billion. With additional measures in place to help protect our employees,
we continue to execute on our programs. And I want to highlight a few of our quarter's achievements.

At Aeronautics, through the end of the first quarter, we have delivered 656 F-35s at our fuselages. AS
delivered 2 E-2D Advanced Hawkeyes to Japan in mid-March and 2 Global Hawks to the Republic of Korea
shortly after the end of the quarter. And our MQ-4C Triton was deployed to U.S. military commanders in
the Pacific to provide greater maritime intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance.

At Defense Systems, we completed the critical design review for the EMD phase of AARGM-ER. The
program remains on track with a successful CDR and initial testing of subsystems, including the new
extended range rocket motor. In addition, DS supported the CDC's COVID-19 response effort by creating
over 400 web pages in 3 languages that have received over 900 million page views providing important
information about the pandemic spread.

At Mission Systems, our SABR radar upgrade program for F-16s continues to expand. SABR now has
production contracts for approximately 670 systems across multiple customers. The Air Force recently
exercised an option for 105 radars under their $1 billion SABR ID/IQ contract. This order included 33
radars for air combat command jets, which establishes SABR as the system of record for the active Air
Force.

And in February, the Marine Corps ordered 2 additional G/ATOR systems to complete their Lot 2 award. G/
ATOR replaces 5 legacy systems with a single system, providing significant performance improvement in
each of its modes while reducing training, logistics and maintenance costs.

At Space Systems, we were awarded 2 small but strategically significant DARPA contracts. The first is
Glide Breaker, an R&D and demonstration program to develop components for a lightweight interceptor
to defeat hypersonic boost glide weapons at very long range. We previously discussed the successful
docking of our first mission extension vehicle to the Intelsat 901 spacecraft. This marked the first time 2
commercial satellites docked in-orbit and the first time that satellite -- life extension services are being
provided to a satellite in geosynchronous orbit. This accomplishment laid the groundwork for the second
DARPA award, which establishes a partnership between DARPA and Northrop Grumman for the next-
generation of remote servicing of geosynchronous satellites.

Under the agreement, DARPA will provide an advanced robotic payload to integrate with the Northrop
Grumman provided spacecraft. This disruptive technology could significantly expand on orbit-servicing
capability to include robotics services. Under the agreement, we will retain the spacecraft, payload and IP
for commercial use.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

In the quarter, Space Systems was also awarded restricted competitive prime contracts totaling multiple
billions of dollars in aggregate.

While we and the nation are keenly focused on defeating COVID-19, we must also continue to address a
myriad of other national security threats. Our portfolio and investments continue to be closely aligned with
the national defense strategy and our customers' long-term priorities. This is evident in the President's
budget request for fiscal year 2021, which proposes increased funding for strategic deterrence, hypersonic
weapons, missile defense, advanced networks, cyber and space systems.

The Department of Defense, our primary customer is seeking robust fiscal 2021 funding, which will be
the subject of congressional debate later this year. The DoD budget request supports investments in our
current capabilities, including B-21, SABR, E-2D, advanced weapons, OPIR and other space programs.
While also increasing funding for future opportunities aligned with our investments, including GBSD, FAAD
C2 and missile defense program like IBCS and next-generation interceptor.

Turning to capital deployment. First quarter share repurchases total approximately $350 million, and we
retired approximately 1 million shares. In April, under an established repurchase program, we bought
approximately 400,000 shares for $130 million. Combining first quarter repurchases with April amounts,
we have met our approximate target for the year. We remain committed to offering a competitive
dividend. In addition, deleveraging the balance sheet remains a priority, and we expect to retire the $1
billion in maturing debt this fall.

In closing, we remain well-positioned to create value going forward. We are fortunate that through the
first quarter, our operations have not been materially disrupted. While future impacts of the pandemic
remain uncertain, we have a robust pipeline of opportunity, including GBSD, which continues on track for
an award later this year. We also continue to lay the foundation for the future. We are actively recruiting
for 10,000 open positions, and we hired more than 3,500 people in the first quarter, which included more
than 1,300 new hires in March.

We appreciate the government's actions to support the industry's most vulnerable businesses, including
increasing progress payments, COVID-related cost recovery through the CARES Act, accelerated and
timely awards and support for essential work designation.

Despite the challenges that COVID-19 has presented for every business and individual, through the
dedication of our talented workforce, we remain committed to investing for the future, delivering value to
our shareholders and meeting our commitments to our customers and all of our stakeholders.

Now I'll turn it over to Dave.

David F. Keffer
Corporate VP & CFO

Thanks, Kathy, and good morning, everyone. Before I begin my comments, I'd call your attention to
this morning's 8-K filing that recast certain sections of our 2019 Form 10-K to reflect our new sector
alignment. We also provided a schedule in our earnings release that provides recast sales and operating
income by sector for the last 3 years and each of the quarters in 2019.

My comments begin with first quarter highlights on Slide 3. Excluding the impacts of the pandemic, our
first quarter results were about as expected. Sales were up 5%, reflecting top line growth in all 4 of our
businesses. Segment OM was solid at 11.1% and net awards totaled $7.9 billion. Awards were particularly
strong at Space, where total backlog increased 3%. Earnings per share increased 2% to $5.15.

Slide 4 provides a bridge between first quarter 2019 EPS and first quarter 2020 EPS. While we did not
have material COVID-19 operational impacts in Q1, and our businesses performed largely as expected,
the volatility in capital markets did impact earnings as losses on marketable securities and the related tax
impacts reduced this year's first quarter earnings.

I'll begin a review of sector results on Slide 5. Aeronautics sales were up 1% for the quarter with higher
volume at both Autonomous Systems and Manned Aircraft. Higher volume on restricted programs and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Global Hawk drove the increase, partially offset by ramp-downs in B-2 DMS and NATO AGS as those
programs near completion. While not a significant factor in first quarter results, later in March we
did begin to see COVID-19-related volume pressure in the supply chain and in employee attendance,
particularly at certain manufacturing facilities. I'll talk more about this when we cover guidance.

At Defense Systems, sales rose 6% due to higher volume in both its business areas. Battle Management
and Missile Systems growth was driven by higher volume for GMLRS, AARGM and other missile products.
Higher sales at Mission Readiness reflect higher volume on an international training program and higher
volume on SEMA, an aircraft sustainment program.

Mission Systems sales were also up 6%. Higher volume for airborne radar programs, including F-35 and
SABR drove higher sales in our Airborne Sensors & Networks business. Maritime/Land Systems & Sensors
also grew sales due to higher volume on marine systems and restricted programs.

Space Systems sales rose 8% due to higher volume on restricted programs. In other space programs like
next-generation OPIR and the Arctic Satellite Broadband Mission program. Increases in Space programs
were partially offset by lower volume in Launch & Strategic Missiles. Trends in that business reflect lower
volume for the Ground-based Midcourse Defense program and SLS Booster partially offset by increases in
hypersonic activities and the GBSD Technology Maturation Risk Reduction program.

Turning to segment operating income on Slide 6. Aeronautics operating income declined 16%, and margin
rate declined to 9.1%. Lower net positive EAC adjustments in Autonomous Systems programs as well as
the timing of F-35 risk retirements and contract mix in Manned Aircraft programs were the primary drivers
of the operating income trend at Aeronautics.

At Defense Systems, operating income decreased 3%, and operating margin rate declined to 10.4%. This
trend reflects a difficult comparison to the prior year's quarter in which we had favorable adjustments on
certain small caliber ammunition programs.

Operating income at Mission Systems rose 9% and operating margin rate increased 40 basis points to
14.8%. Higher operating income reflects higher sales as well as improved performance on Airborne
Sensors & Networks programs, partially offset by contract mix at Maritime/Land Systems & Sensors and
the timing of risk retirements for Navigation, Targeting & Survivability programs.

Space Systems operating income rose 6% and operating margin rate was comparable to last year
at 10.2%. In addition to higher sales, Space operating income also reflects the timing of favorable
negotiations on certain commercial contracts in 2019.

Turning to Slide 7, you can see that we've updated guidance for Aeronautics and Mission Systems. The
volume impacts we're projecting at AS are associated with commercial aerostructures customers, risks
in our supply chain, and changes in employee attendance and productivity in certain areas. We expect
that the supply chain and employee attendance impacts of COVID-19 that we began to see toward the
end of March will be significant enough to impact our financial performance in certain production areas,
particularly in Q2. We are also now planning for weakened commercial aerostructure demand. Commercial
aerostructures represents about 1% of total company revenue, and demand has declined as global travel
has been impacted by the pandemic.

The decrease in total company sales guidance is driven by the expected COVID-19-related impacts at AS.
I would also note that our guidance continues to contemplate growth in restricted activities in Manned
Aircraft, partially offset by lower growth in F-35 due to the pandemic. We now expect sales in the low $11
billion range at Aeronautics.

Regarding AS 2020 margin rate guidance, we do expect our margin rate to return to the 10%-plus range
in the second half of the year. We currently expect a margin rate of approximately 10% at Aeronautics
this year. Based on strong Q1 performance at Mission Systems, we now expect their 2020 margin rate will
be in the low to mid 14% range and will offset much of the decline in Aeronautics. Our prior guidance for
Defense Systems and Space Systems sales and margin rates is unchanged.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Moving to consolidated guidance on Slide 8, the update to sales guidance reflects the AS impacts we've
discussed. We are reaffirming our segment operating margin rate guidance of 11.3% to 11.5% as we
expect better performance at MS will largely offset margin pressure at AS. We also continue to expect total
operating margin rate in the 10.8% to 11% range with no change to unallocated corporate expense and
other items.

As you're aware, we issued $2.25 billion in debt in March, and we now expect interest expense of $590
million. No change to expected tax rate or year-end weighted average share count. Based on the first
quarter results and expectations for the remainder of the year, we expect mark-to-market adjusted EPS to
range between $21.80 and $22.20.

Slide 9 summarizes our expected COVID-19 impacts on our outlook. While there can be no assurances as
to the future impacts of the pandemic, our guidance assumes that we're able to offset higher COVID-19-
related costs with other cost reductions. It also assumes that supply chain and labor impacts are greatest
in the second quarter, and that operational pace recovers in the second half of the year. This means we
currently expect that second quarter sales and margin rate will be more impacted by COVID-19-related
factors than the other quarters of 2020. As Kathy said, we are maintaining our free cash flow guidance
as we assume our government customers and other prime contractors will continue to make timely
payments. We expect the positive impacts of higher progress payments and payroll tax benefits to offset
currently anticipated COVID-19-related impacts and higher interest expense.

Slide 10 provides a bridge between our January guidance and today's full year EPS outlook. Operational
impacts represent approximately $0.35, driven by the expected COVID-19-related revenue decline. We're
assuming that the marketable securities loss in Q1 carries through the year and reduces our EPS by
approximately $0.30. And higher interest expense as a result of our recent debt offering is expected to
add another $0.30. The debt offering should give us some additional flexibility to support our customers,
employees and suppliers during the pandemic and to position our company well for the long term. We
have upcoming debt maturities, including $1 billion later this year and $700 million in early 2021, and we
expect to utilize excess cash to retire these.

In closing, while we didn't experience significant COVID-19 impacts in Q1, our outlook contemplates our
current estimate of the potential impact for the balance of the year. We'll continue to monitor the situation
closely.

Overall, our portfolio is well-aligned with evolving customer priorities, we continue to execute to deliver
value for our shareholders while managing the COVID-19 risk, and we continue to invest in the future.
With that, Todd, I think we're ready to open the call up for Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Robert Stallard with Vertical Research.

Robert Alan Stallard
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

A question I have on GBSD, there's been some talk that the Air Force may move a bit quicker in awarding
this contract. I was wondering if this might make any sort of material impact on your results in 2020 or
does this really flow through in later years?

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

So Rob, yes, we are working with the Air Force and negotiating the contract now. And we are prepared
through actions we've been taking to move if the Air Force is able to accelerate this award. But it would
be a modest acceleration we anticipate. The award was already planned for third quarter of this year. And
what we see is that it would likely be only a month or 2 of acceleration, if acceleration happens. So we
don't expect that to have a material impact on 2020, but certainly getting started more quickly derisks the
program to some extent and allows us to be more confident in meeting those milestones along the path to
the 2029 IOC date for the program.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jon Raviv with Citi.

Jonathan Phaff Raviv
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Just kind of big, big picture here. How are you guys thinking about the business positioning, not only in
the current environment, but sort of what the environment's going to be going forward understanding
you have a lot of products and capabilities that's still aligned with current national defense strategy
requirements. But anyway, how would you align to maybe future government spending priorities? You
mentioned your work with the CDC, for example, in recent weeks. How do you think about where you
align -- where you put a line elsewhere going forward?

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

Well, certainly, Jon, we see the demand for our products remaining strong. And that's primarily driven by
the threat environment. And I noted a few areas where there we are seeing the Presidential budget for '21
reflect significant increases, areas like space, missile defense, hypersonics and other advanced weapons.
And so those areas we expect to continue to be in focus as well as the deterrent strategy of our nation,
which depends on the triad and has obviously modernization happening across all 3 legs of the triad. So
those areas are going to continue to be areas of both strength in our portfolio, but areas of importance as
we look at demand, near and long term.

We are very pleased to be supporting the government in other areas that has become increasingly
important in dealing with the pandemic. I noted the work that we're doing currently for the CDC, and
we're very proud of that work. We've been doing that for a number of years. And while it has been
relevant previously, it's never been as relevant as it is today and the amount of information that we're able
to share around the globe to help people make informed decisions about this pandemic spread and how to
reduce the spread is certainly something that we'll continue to do and work that we're very proud of.

Operator

Our next question comes from Robert Spingarn with Crédit Suisse.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Robert Michael Spingarn
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Kathy, I wanted to ask you just a high-level question about the budget now that we've had it and what
you might be hearing from the Hill in terms of your programs and how they're doing? And specifically,
if you could touch on Triton and the fact that, that program was zeroed out at least from a procurement
quantity perspective.

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, Rob. So we are overall pleased with the '21 budget request. As I noted in the previous question,
there are areas of significant budget increase that are well-aligned with our priorities and certainly, we
were pleased to see that. We also have a number of programs that are well-supported in the budget. I
noted a few of those in my opening comments, areas like SABR, E-2D, certainly F-35 continues to be well
supported as well. As we look at areas where we saw some pertubation on our programs, Triton being an
example, what we see in the budget request is the pause in production with the intent of putting resources
toward R&D on a new sensor. And we had anticipated that. So it will be somewhat of an offset to the
production pause, the work that we'll do in the R&D. We also have the sale in Triton, which will provide
some quantity that bridge the U.S. production pause as well. And of course, we continue to work with
Congress as they deliberate on the budget to determine if we can get those 2 aircraft added back. So
those are some of the actions that we're taking with Triton. But we do see that it is not just a production
pause. This is a continued commitment to the program and investment in additional sensors to make the
program and the Hill platform more robust.

Operator

Our next question comes from Seth Seifman with JPMorgan.

Seth Michael Seifman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about -- you mentioned higher second half margins in
Aeronautics and it's implied by the guidance as well. So I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more
specifically about what gives you the confidence after the kind of 9-ish percent in Q1. And what seems like
operationally will be more challenging in Q2 because of the virus, kind of what gives you that confidence in
the second half left?

David F. Keffer
Corporate VP & CFO

Hey, Seth, it's Dave. I'll get started on that one. The -- our outlook for the year for AS margins and for
total company margins is that we expect the second half to be stronger than the first, largely because of
the easing of COVID impacts on the second half, particularly compared to Q2. In AS, in particular, a lot of
the margin rate movement from quarter-to-quarter in that business is timing-related. On a year-over-year
basis, we saw that the timing of some risk reductions particularly around F-35 made for a tough compare
year-over-year. And we do see opportunity for greater margins going forward in that business, both near
and long-term than those that it delivered in the first quarter. And so we expect that kind of strength in
the second half of the year to materialize in AS. Think of it as largely timing-driven around key program
profit milestones and risk reductions that we see more likely coming in the second half than the first.

Operator

Our next question comes from Peter Arment with Baird.

Peter J. Arment
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Kathy, just you mentioned some of the supplier disruptions or you starting to see that a little bit from
COVID-19. Maybe you just give us a little more color on kind of your assessment of the supply chain and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

your confidence around whether there's alternative sources or what kind of audits you went through to
kind of assess the impacts going forward?

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes, thank you, Peter. As I mentioned, our supply chain management team has been very active in
monitoring our supply chain for risks and mitigation strategies that can counter those risks. We have not
seen significant disruption to this point, but every supplier has unique circumstances. With some, we
have worked to enable them to continue operations by sharing best practices for social distancing and
other safety protocols. With others, we have advanced payment to help with liquidity concerns as I noted
in my script. And then in addition, we have continued to monitor for disruption in the supply chain to
our production lines. We've seen a few modest impacts at this point in time, nothing that is causing us
considerable program interruption. But we -- as I said, the Q2 impact is where we expect to see the most
significant so we're not through the disruption at this point in time. But we are seeing positive trends, both
in our own facilities and with our suppliers. We are starting to see absenteeism reduce and more people
coming to work in the production facilities. We are seeing small businesses that had to pause operations
for a short period of time resuming their operations. And so I would say that the trajectory is positive but
we still have uncertainty ahead.

Operator

Our next question comes from Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies.

Sheila Karin Kahyaoglu
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Kathy, a question for you, please. Your overall business is set to grow 3% to 5% this year. And given
restricted is a higher proportion relative to peers, how do you think about the trajectory of restricted
growth? And are there areas, specific areas outside of space that you have higher confidence in the growth
outlook, irrespective of what happens with the budgets?

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

Sheila, thank you for your question. We do see restricted continuing to grow faster than the remainder
of our business. And in the first quarter, as just an indicator, we saw 1.3 book-to-bill in our restricted
portfolio. This was largely driven by Space awards. As you know, we have significant restricted work
across the portfolio. We've in the past talked a good deal about the Aeronautics-restricted business. But
Space is also growing rapidly as is Mission Systems. And so it really is widespread that we are seeing
that restricted growth. And we anticipate that continuing. As we look forward at opportunities that we
have for the remainder of the year as well as programs in the portfolio today and their growth rate, we
anticipate that share of restricted business to continue to grow. It's up to about 28% now. And as we have
previously said, we expect that to go even higher.

Operator

Our next question comes from David Strauss with Barclays.

David Egon Strauss
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Kathy, I wanted to ask you. So you comment on the impacts from commercial aerospace. I assume
that's all A350. Could you just touch on that? And then on GBSD, I think you talked about $250 million in
revenue this year. Can you give us some color on how that's going to ramp over the course of next couple
of years? And when does that program become bigger than B-21?

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

So David, I'll start on the question about commercial aero. Our commercial aero work is actually spread
over 3 different efforts, the largest of which is the A350. And we are expecting impact across all of
those efforts. And we will begin to see that in Q2 but it will persist. It's largely driven by the demand in
commercial aero. And so that is why, in particular, Aeronautics sector is contributing to the slight decline
that we have in our revenue guide for the year.

In response to your question about GBSD and the ramp, we expect that to be a gradual ramp as is the
case when you start a EMD contract, the engineering phase tends to be very labor-driven. And so we will
be adding headcount and rising activity over the next several years. And we wouldn't see a peak in that
program for a while. I'm not going to specifically address the part of the question about when it becomes
larger than B-21. I know what you're trying to do there, getting us to disclose a little bit more information
on B-21 than I can do. But certainly, GBSD will be a significant program in our portfolio as will B-21.

Operator

Our next question comes from Joe DeNardi with Stifel.

Joseph William DeNardi
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Kathy, can you just talk a little bit about the opportunity for the in-orbit servicing work that you're doing? I
think that's -- that was a program or an opportunity that Orbital was pretty excited about longer term. Are
there certain milestones that you're looking for there? And then just kind of what's the optimistic scenario
for what that could look like eventually?

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. So -- and we continue to be excited about that opportunity. And as I noted, this award from DARPA
that we received in the first quarter now will add capability to what we can do with the servicing mission.
So at this point, we are able to do life extension as we are doing on the Intelsat 901 satellite with our first
operation. But the robotic servicing will allow us to provide other servicing functionality. So it opens up the
market in that regard and clearly is an indicator that we would be able to service, not only commercial,
but potentially government satellites as well. So when we look at the market, we are bullish but cautious
in that this is the first of a kind. And we want to continue to march through milestones of succession that
would lead us to believe that we can accomplish this much broader set of servicing missions. But certainly
life extension servicing, which we have already accomplished with the Intelsat satellite, is something we
feel comfortable, will be a robust and growing market for us.

Operator

Our next question comes from Doug Harned with Bernstein.

Douglas Stuart Harned
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

You're new in the new organization structure and I'm interested in understanding what -- how this looks
now. In other words, both in terms of any costs you're still working through on integration. But then also,
in this structure, what should we now see as the benefits going forward? And I would say that on 2 sides.
One, in revenue synergies and the other in the ability to actually improve margins a little bit as you look at
the next couple of years.

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

So Doug, certainly, with the integration that we're doing, we have already met our cost targets for
the integration of Orbital ATK. And the next logical step that we took at the beginning of this year was
realigning the sector structure. We see continued opportunity for cost reduction through the new sector
alignment, and that is a clear objective that we had for doing the realignment at the beginning of this
year, one of the other. And I would say, the more important is the ability to capture the revenue synergy

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

and successfully execute on those programs. So that was the primary reason why we did the new sector
alignment but certainly cost reduction was also a part of our objective for the team. And I'm pleased with
the progress that we're making there. As a matter of fact, as we look at this year, we have some increased
COVID-19-related costs, as any company does as we do more of the safety protocols, cleaning, social
distancing. And we fully expect as we said in our guidance, that we can offset those through other cost
reduction measures that we anticipate taking this year. So we are looking ahead and believe that, not
only the sector realignment, but actions that we will continue to take as the sectors operate in this new
structure will allow us some cost reduction opportunity. Dave, anything else you'd like to add?

David F. Keffer
Corporate VP & CFO

As you mentioned, Doug, we're going through the standard process now around realigning systems and
rate pools and such kind of on the administrative side of the realignment. But I think the bigger picture
Kathy mentions is the important one, which is that the realignment enables both top line synergy going
forward as well as further improvements in cost management around the business and that those are
timely given the environment we find ourselves in, in 2020.

Operator

Our next question comes from Myles Walton with UBS.

Myles Alexander Walton
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Kathy, I wanted to hone in on a comment you made about hiring, actually, which was 10,000 jobs unfilled
that were posted and 3,500 hires in the first quarter. On a 90,000-employee base, I'm just wondering how
much of this is going to be net growth? And should we use that as a calibration as to the speed of revenue
growth as you look into 2021?

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, Myles. So as we look at our hiring, we have a number of open positions, both to support existing
business but also anticipation of future awards. So I would tell you that we only do that hiring if we indeed
get those awards as we look forward. So open positions are not necessarily a direct correlation to the
number of hires that we'll ultimately make. And as we look at this year, in particular, we go into a year
with an assumption around attrition. So that gets us to net heads. And the labor market was very tight
at the beginning of this year. As we are working through the last 2 months, we're seeing that attrition is
dropping, as you might expect, as other opportunities are becoming more scarce. And so we are in the
process of looking at what that may present as both challenge and opportunity for us going forward. And
so we are actively working on hiring and being very successful in hiring, as I noted. Still, even as we were
dealing with the challenges of the pandemic in March, we saw 1,300 plus hires, and April continues to
also be strong. We've moved virtual, as you might expect, to accommodate most of that hiring. And so
as we look forward, the net heads, I wouldn't put a number on it but we do expect significant headcount
growth this year because of the program volume increases that we have, the sales growth as well as the
anticipated awards in the latter half of this year.

Operator

Our next question comes from Carter Copeland with Melius Research.

Carter Copeland
Melius Research LLC

I wondered if you could just expand briefly on the hiring. It looks like obviously that the classified portion
of the business is increasing in its share. And I wondered if you might just speak to what portion of that
hiring that you mentioned, the 10,000 jobs is cleared personnel? And maybe just give us a sense of if
there's a challenge, given the growth in restricted work that you expect in terms of getting either cleared

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

personnel on or getting folks hired and then getting them cleared. Just help us understand kind of that
dynamic and how you're dealing with it.

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, Carter. Yes, a significant portion of that hiring is for cleared personnel. We don't always hire an
individual who is already cleared. We have other opportunities that we're able to put people on while they
await their clearance. And we've also seen the department take actions that have accelerated clearance
processing. And those have been very helpful. We still obviously have a waiting period for those individuals
but it is getting shorter through the actions that the government is taking. And so what we do is we do
both hiring of individuals who already have clearance directly onto those restricted programs as well
as pipelining through our unclassified work with the intention of moving those individuals on restricted
programs once their clearance come through. And we've been doing that for years, and it's worked well for
us. It's not something that's driving an inordinate amount of increased cost to our business because we
have this portfolio that has so much, both unclassified and classified work. And I'll note that classification
is relative, too. There are different levels of clearances required, and so people can step through those
clearance levels as well.

Operator

Our next question comes from Cai von Rumohr with Cowen and Company.

Cai von Rumohr
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

So could you give us any color on the significant classified Space awards in the first quarter? And secondly,
it was a little stronger for the first quarter in terms of total bookings than maybe some of us expected.
Where do you see the backlog going by year-end? And what are the key drivers to get it there?

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

So Cai, in terms of backlog for the year, we still anticipate it to be above 1 even without GBSD. Clearly in
GBSD, we expect to be a sizable award if we receive it and so that would drive book-to-bill well above 1.
If we look at the first quarter, we did have less than 1 book-to-bill, but we had anticipated that as you said
and it signals that we expected most of our significant awards to happen later in the year. We did have the
large Space restricted awards that we noted. And while we can't provide any detail about what they are,
who they're for or the value of them, they were ones that we had been working for a period of time and
did anticipate getting but they were competitive. So we clearly had factored them to some extent in our
plans for the year, and we're very pleased to be selected and awarded those contracts this quarter.

Operator

Our next question comes from Hunter Keay with Wolfe Research.

Hunter Kent Keay
Wolfe Research, LLC

So I was wondering if you could follow-up to the exchange we had with Doug earlier. I'm kind of curious
about -- can you maybe give me some examples or even better quantify the amount of costs you're taking
out specifically from coronavirus? And this is obviously primarily an aerospace conversation. How many
of those -- how much of those costs can you actually keep out once you resume normal production rates?
And again, if you could maybe quantify the margin potential. Just basically trying to figure out if you can
use this as an opportunity to take out cost that you wanted to take out before and maybe keep them out,
if you understand.

David F. Keffer
Corporate VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Sure. I'll be happy to start on that one, Hunter. It's tough to quantify the specific volumes of cost takeout
that are possible, both near-term and then on a permanent basis, as you mentioned. Certainly, there's
an opportunity to reduce costs during the pandemic related to travel and conferences and trade shows
and other kind of low-hanging fruit like that, that are naturally declining in the business. And we'll look
to harvest those cost savings and continue to manage those areas throughout the rest of the year. But
then we're also taking this opportunity to look around at the business and find other areas of efficiency.
Kathy has been clear over the past year about driving increased efficiency, strong performance around
the business, being an agile company that moves quickly and reduces bureaucracy. And so that's part and
parcel of what we're looking at today, and that's not in any one sector more than others, more than at the
corporate level. At all levels, we're taking a look at those opportunities.

The margin impacts will depend to a degree on the business mix by segment. And so those that have
more cost-plus work have less margin impact, but greater impact on the competitiveness of their
businesses as we look for opportunities to take out costs. So there's a different impact depending on the
segment, but a broad company effort to drive that efficiency this year.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.

Noah Poponak
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Just want to make sure I fully understand all the moving pieces in the Aeronautics margin in the quarter.
In the release you cite the EAC move in Autonomous, F-35 risk retirement and then some mix. Is it may
be possible to size those in terms of how much of the year-over-year change came from each of them?
Was there any onetime kind of charge related to the commercial aerospace pieces? I just want to fully
understand that year-over-year change. And then if you have any thoughts you could share on where that
segment's profitability can go longer term, 3 to 5 years out, I would love to hear that.

David F. Keffer
Corporate VP & CFO

Sure. Thanks, Noah. I'll get started on that one. The 2 buckets you mentioned were approximately even
in overall size. What I think is important to note is that no one specific program had a material enough
impact to be called out individually. And so year-over-year, it was a tough compare quarter for AS given
that there was -- the timing of some of those risk reductions in last year's Q1 created a tough compare.
But in this year's Q1, there were pressures on a few programs, fewer upsides on others than we might
typically see in a given quarter. Again, much of that is timing-related and we try to take that into account
as we look at the rest of the year.

I think the other thing that's important to note there is in a more typical year, we would have expected
to see more opportunity to mitigate those Q1 challenges in Q2 through Q4. But of course, our timing
is increasingly short there given the impacts of the COVID pandemic on Q2, particularly in the volume
pressures that we're seeing in AS. And so that makes it more difficult to mitigate those Q1 pressures than
a typical year would provide.

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

And Noah, on your question about the longer-term and where we think AS margins can go, certainly
all things being equal, we expect 3 to 5 years out to have a higher production mix than we have today
because we have some significant development programs in Aeronautics as we sit here today. And that
would naturally create opportunity for margin improvement during that period.

Operator

Our next question comes from George Shapiro with Shapiro Research.

George D. Shapiro

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Shapiro Research

I had -- wanted to know, the expectation has been that your sales would grow faster than other people,
but it hasn't happened that way. Can you point to some inflection point or what quarter or year we might
start to see the sales growth do better than others or much better than the budget that's going to decline
over the next several years?

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

So George, I wouldn't want to try to predict a quarter at which point we would see an inflection compared
to peers because I don't have the insight into our peers. I do feel like we've performed well relative to
the market. We have increased our competitive win rate, and that's a strong indicator of performance
in the competitive marketplace. We have also shown significant improvement in our backlog, and we're
pleased with where it sits and also have a number of opportunities that we've outlined to build that
backlog this year and we anticipate doing so. So what I really focus on is looking forward, how are we
positioned regardless of what defense budgets do in this country and around the globe? Do we have a
portfolio that's well-aligned to the highest growth areas? And the answer to that is, yes, as we sit here
today, and we believe we'll continue to be. Areas of exposure like the strategic deterrent program that,
in the case of B-21, we've already captured. In the case of GBSD, we anticipate being awarded later this
year. In the case of Space, which is the fastest-growing in the President's '21 budget for this year, we
certainly have good exposure with hypersonics and other advanced weapons now in the portfolio and
expect that we can continue to grow off of what is today a small base, but an area where we expect to
have significant demand. And we believe those areas of demand will be key regardless of what the top
line budget looks like because they're based on the advancement of our adversary's capabilities and the
threats that they impose. So based on that, we feel positive about how our portfolio is positioned for
growth. And we anticipate that we can continue to create strong shareholder value through that growth,
successful execution and turning that into earnings.

Todd B. Ernst
Vice President of Investor Relations

Operator, we have time for one more question.

Operator

And our last question comes from Ron Epstein with Bank of America.

Ronald Jay Epstein
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Kathy, there's been discussion in the industrial policy office in the DoD about accelerating progress
payments and then getting that pushed down in the supply chain. How is that impacting you? And when
you think about your supply base, particularly those suppliers who have significant commercial aerospace
businesses, do you worry about disruptions there? And how are you handling that?

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes, Ron, we have seen the impact of the increase in progress payments to 90% that the department
has offered. And we are flowing that full supplier benefit down to our suppliers in a timely fashion. And
as I noted earlier in my comments, in addition to that, we are also doing some advances for suppliers
paying in advance because we want to help them with the challenges they are having, particularly those
suppliers that straddle both defense programs and commercial aerospace programs. And so we believe
that our suppliers are well supported by us today. But we monitor that on a daily basis because it's an
evolving situation for them, particularly those that are exposed on that demand side to the commercial
aero market.

David F. Keffer
Corporate VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

And what I'd add to that is we have fewer progress payment contracts than some of our similarly sized
peers do. And that we are being sure to quickly flow through to our suppliers, their portion of that benefit.
So when you aggregate the net benefit to Northrop Grumman, certainly we appreciate the work of our
customers to increase that benefit. But it doesn't change our cash flow guidance for the year. On the
upside, we have some additional benefit from the progress payments as well as potential tax benefits we
mentioned on the call. And offsetting those, we have the impacts of COVID that we discussed to include
the interest on the new bond. So that keeps us in the same range of cash flow that we were projecting
previously.

Todd B. Ernst
Vice President of Investor Relations

All right, great. Well, thank you, and I'll turn it over to Kathy for closing comments.

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, Todd.

Well, I'm very pleased to have Dave on our team and helping to lead through the challenges of the
pandemic. We and the entire Northrop Grumman team remain resolute in managing through these
challenges and being well positioned for the future.

We look forward to speaking with you again in July. And until then, please stay well.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

