Northrop Grumman Corporation 

NYSE:NOC
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, October 22, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

5.60

5.89

Revenue  (mm)

8852.55

9083.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-22-2020 1:17 PM GMT

5.18

2.60

5.67

22.44

25.15

9098.75

35521.78

37492.96

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

4.77

5.49

5.28

5.60

5.61

5.15

6.01

5.89

17.61 %

(6.19 %)

13.83 %

5.18 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

David F. Keffer
Corporate VP & CFO

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

Todd B. Ernst
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Cai von Rumohr
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Carter Copeland
Melius Research LLC

David Egon Strauss
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Douglas Stuart Harned
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Jonathan Phaff Raviv
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Myles Alexander Walton
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Peter John Skibitski
Alembic Global Advisors

Robert Alan Stallard
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Ronald Jay Epstein
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Seth Michael Seifman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Sheila Karin Kahyaoglu
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Northrop Grumman's Third Quarter 2020 Conference
Call. Today's call is being recorded. My name is Natalia, and I will be your operator today. [Operator
Instructions]

I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Todd Ernst, Treasurer and Vice President, Investor
Relations. Mr. Ernst, please proceed.

Todd B. Ernst
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Natalia. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Northrop Grumman's Third Quarter 2020
Conference Call. This morning, we will refer to a PowerPoint presentation that is posted on our website.

Before we start, matters discussed on today's call, including 2020 guidance and remarks regarding 2021
and beyond, reflect the company's judgment based on information available at the time of this call.
They constitute forward-looking statements pursuant to safe harbor provisions of federal securities laws.
Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, which are noted in today's press release and
our SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties may cause actual company results to differ materially.

Today's call will include non-GAAP financial measures that are reconciled to our GAAP financial results in
our earnings release. On the call today are Kathy Warden, our Chairman, CEO and President; and Dave
Keffer, our CFO.

At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Kathy. Kathy?

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We hope you and your
families are well. As you all know, we continue to operate in the midst of a global pandemic.

Our focus remains on the safety and well-being of our people, delivering on our customer commitments
and supporting our suppliers and communities. As the pandemic continues, we are operating under
protocols that we instituted earlier in the year to help preserve the well-being of our employees. And these
are helping us to meet our commitments to customers and deliver strong operating results while also
continuing to strengthen our foundation for the future.

In addition to COVID-19, we have experienced locally devastating natural disasters this summer. I
especially want to recognize our Northrop Grumman employees in Lake Charles, Louisiana, who have
persevered through 2 hurricanes in the last 2 months. Despite experiencing personal loss, they have
returned to work and continue to support the U.S. Air Force through sustainment of the JSTARS aircraft.
Their resiliency embodies the spirit of Northrop Grumman employees everywhere.

Also, before I discuss this quarter's results, I want to take this opportunity to thank Janis Pamiljans, who
is retiring as President of Aeronautic Systems. In his more than 34 years with Northrop Grumman, he has
made significant contributions to the business through his leadership and unwavering commitment to our
employees and customers.

And I want to congratulate Tom Jones, who will succeed Janis on January 1. Tom currently leads Airborne
Sensors & Networks in Mission Systems. This business delivers large-scale, mission-critical C4ISR systems
and complex hardware and software products for airborne platforms, including many in Aeronautics. Tom
is a seasoned executive with 30 years of aerospace and defense experience, and we're fortunate he will be
leading our Aeronautics business as it continues to deliver critical national security solutions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Now focusing on our third quarter results. I want to thank our employees for their dedication to delivering
for our customers and shareholders. We had a strong third quarter. And based on year-to-date results, we
are raising our guidance for the year.

Our sales grew 7% in the quarter and 6% year-to-date, driven by sales growth at Space, Mission Systems
and Aeronautics. Space continues to be our most robust growth driver with sales increasing 17% in the
third quarter and 13% year-to-date. And Mission Systems was our second fastest-growing sector. Strong
performance from all of our sectors generated segment operating income growth of 10% in the quarter
and 4% year-to-date. And we delivered an 11.5% segment operating margin rate in both periods.

Earnings per share grew 7% in the third quarter and 9% year-to-date. Third quarter free cash flow
increased 22% to $1.1 billion after capital spending of $287 million. Year-to-date, free cash flow has
increased 80% to $1.9 billion, reflecting solid operational performance as well as the benefit of customer
actions to support the industrial base.

Our new business awards are again a highlight. Third quarter bookings totaled more than $20 billion or
2.2x sales. And year-to-date, we've captured $43 billion in new business, which brings our year-to-date
book-to-bill to 1.6. As of the end of the quarter, our total backlog stood at more than $81 billion, a 25%
increase from year-end and a new record for Northrop Grumman. This year's new awards demonstrate our
portfolio's alignment with the nation's highest priority global security missions, including space, nuclear
deterrence, advanced weapons, electronic warfare and all-domain command and control.

Turning to sector highlights. I'll begin with Space. In early September, the Air Force awarded Northrop
Grumman a $13.3 billion contract for the engineering and manufacturing development phase of the
Ground Based Strategic Deterrent. I want to congratulate the members of our nationwide team for their
exceptional work on this program.

This next phase of our nation's program to replace the Minuteman III ICBM, which were first fielded in
1970, culminates more than 10 years of planning across 2 presidential administrations as well as a series
of competition. The EMD award includes weapons system design, qualification, test and evaluation and
nuclear certification. And we expect [indiscernible] for the production phases of the program.

Now that the EMD phase has been awarded, GBSD ramps quickly. For 2021, we expect GBSD to contribute
nearly $1 billion of incremental growth at Space Systems. Our nationwide team looks forward to delivering
a secure, reliable and effective nuclear deterrent capability to our nation.

An award this size impacts business mix by increasing cost-type development work as a percent of
sales, particularly at Space and to a lesser extent, the entire company. While we expect this mix shift
will pressure next year's margin rate at Space, we will work to offset this pressure across the company
through program performance and cost management.

In addition to GBSD, Space also captured 1 of 3 Evolved Strategic SATCOM, or ESS awards to rapidly
prototype a strategic communications payload with enhanced resilience and cybersecurity capabilities.
ESS will be designed to seamlessly interoperate with and eventually replace the Advanced Extremely
High Frequency system. This effort is critical to extending our nation's secure satellite communications
infrastructure and we expect will represent a multibillion-dollar competitive opportunity.

Program milestones achieved in Space this quarter included the successful test of the Space Launch
System Booster for NASA's Artemis program and the MEV-2 launch in August. And shortly after the end
of the third quarter, our Cygnus spacecraft was launched aboard an Antares rocket to complete our 14th
resupply mission to the International Space Station.

At the Aeronautics sector, in addition to higher restricted volume, F-35 deliveries have recovered to first
quarter levels. Through the end of the third quarter, we've now delivered 719 F-35 center fuselage units,
and we are continuing to manufacture at a pace that supports our scheduled delivery.

On the E-2D program, we've now delivered 44 of the 75 aircraft under contract. The U.S. Navy has an
approved 11 plane increase to that program of record and is now working to identify funding for these

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

additional aircraft. I would also note that international opportunities for E-2D continue to be promising. In
addition to Japan's 13 E-2Ds, France and Taiwan are expected to procure E-2Ds in the coming years.

In Autonomous Systems, Triton's inaugural deployment to Guam occurred in January and led to an early
operational decision by the Navy in May. Following these critical milestones, Triton is quickly becoming
an invaluable asset in the 7th Fleet's maritime patrol and reconnaissance command. Despite the likely
budget pressure on our HALE portfolio beyond this year, we have a promising set of future autonomous
opportunities, including Skyborg and the MQ-9 replacement, among others.

Turning to Defense Systems. In the third quarter, the U.S. Army conducted live-fire tests of our IBCS
system and successfully engaged multiple targets. These exercises, conducted as part of the IBCS limited
user test, demonstrated our system's ability to maintain continuous track of the targets despite contested
environment conditions by fusing data from multiple sensors. A successful test of the ability to share
data across platforms and sensors are significant demonstrations of our underlying architecture, which
is applicable to joint all-domain operations and increases the value and power of our customers' legacy
platforms and weapon systems.

We have also completed the first environmental test of AARGM-ER's new extended range rocket motor,
a major milestone towards motor qualification and first live-fire flight test in 2021. And in hypersonics,
we successfully completed captive carry tests in support of the DARPA and U.S. Air Force HAWC program.
With a prime contractor, we are on track to proceed to free flight testing, and we are now establishing
manufacturing plans to meet initial low rate production quantity.

And finally, at Mission Systems, we continue to meet or exceed prior year deliveries for the F-35 program.
In the third quarter, MS delivered 41 radars, consistent with 2019 quantities, and delivered 47 DAS
chipsets and 50 CNI chipsets, year-over-year increases of 30% and 40%, respectively.

Mission Systems also received a task order contract valued at $690 million for the Defense Intelligence
Agency's TALOS system. This effort focuses on the build of new big data systems for the DIA,
including Mars, the Machine-Assisted Rapid-Repository System. Transforming current databases into
multidimensional, flexible and rigorous data environments, MARS is expected to create a military
intelligence environment accessible for up-to-date information by the intelligence community and
warfighters.

And DARPA awarded MS a contract for its Gamebreaker program. This innovative program seeks to
develop and apply artificial intelligence to existing real-time strategy games. The Gamebreaker effort gives
us an opportunity to evaluate and develop artificial intelligence technology to improve flexible planning,
optimization and discovery in products that operate dynamic environments. Looking ahead, we believe
our customers will require integrated artificial intelligence and machine learning capabilities in the same
way cyber resiliency is now broadly required in products and systems. And Northrop Grumman is well
positioned to support this emerging customer requirement.

We're extremely proud of our team's results for the third quarter and year-to-date. And I want to
recognize the rebound in productivity our workforce has demonstrated since late March and early April. As
we look ahead to the remainder of the year, our guidance assumes that our team's productivity as well as
the operations of our customers and suppliers remain at or near current levels. It also reflects the strength
of year-to-date results and our expectations for a strong fourth quarter.

Based on our current assumptions, we now expect 2020 sales of $35.7 billion to $36 billion, which is 6%
top line growth at the midpoint. EPS should grow to between $22.25 and $22.65, which is also 6% growth
at the midpoint. And we now expect free cash flow to increase to between $3.3 billion and $3.6 billion, a
14% increase over 2019 at the midpoint.

Regarding capital deployment. We continue to focus on a balanced strategy, the call for robust investment,
strengthening of the balance sheet through debt reduction and funding of our pension plan and returning
cash to shareholders, which we will do by resuming share repurchases and maintaining a competitive
dividend. We believe our strong cash flow and current cash balances will allow us to address all of these
value-creating deployment opportunities.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Turning to the U.S. budget environment. We expect to see continued strong bipartisan support for national
security in the future as indicated by the $740 billion targeted for FY 2021 appropriation. We are pleased
that Congress and the administration agreed to a continuing resolution that funds the government through
December 11 and avoids disruption in the execution of critical national security missions. And I will note
that funding under continuing resolution supports our programs, including GBSD, even if the continuing
resolution is extended into early next year. We continue to believe that bipartisan support for defense
spending will endure and that our portfolio is well aligned to support our national defense strategy.

While we plan for various budget scenarios, defense spending is largely threat-driven and today's threat
environment warrants a strong defense. Emerging threats are intensifying, and we believe both political
parties are committed to effectively countering these threats. While there are many external uncertainties,
Northrop Grumman has a strengthening foundation for growth and the capabilities and people necessary
to address our nation's most challenging problems. We are investing for the future, delivering value to our
shareholders and meeting our commitments to our customers and all of our stakeholders.

So now I'll turn it over to Dave to provide more detail on our sectors' results, 2020 guidance updates as
well as a preview of certain trends in 2021. Dave?

David F. Keffer
Corporate VP & CFO

Thanks, Kathy, and good morning, everyone. I'd also like to thank our employees for their strong
performance this quarter. My comments begin with the third quarter highlights on Slide 3. We delivered
excellent bookings, sales, operating income, EPS and cash. And we're pleased to be increasing our 2020
guidance for sales, EPS and free cash flow with the assumptions that Kathy articulated.

Slide 4 provides a bridge between third quarter 2020 and third quarter 2019 earnings per share. Higher
sales and segment operating income drove $0.51 of the increase. Net pension contributed $0.40. These
positives were partially offset by a higher corporate unallocated, which was primarily driven by a $50
million increase in state taxes as well as higher net interest expense, federal income taxes and other
items. I would also note that COVID-19-related expenses are reflected in our current results.

I'll begin a review of sector results on Slide 5. Aeronautics sales rose 5% for the quarter and 4% year-
to-date. Sales in Autonomous Systems and Manned Aircraft were higher in both periods. For the quarter
and year-to-date, restricted activities and the E-2D contributed to sales growth. And for the quarter, F-35
volume was also higher.

Defense Systems sales decreased 4% in Q3 and year-to-date sales are comparable to last year. Third
quarter trends included lower volume from mission readiness as the Hunter UAV sustainment program
nears completion. And in Battle Management & Missile Systems, third quarter sales reflect lower volume at
Lake City and on an international weapons program as both of those activities neared completion. Declines
in these areas were partially offset by higher volume on GMLRS and AARGM. Year-to-date results reflect
similar program trends.

Mission Systems sales were up 10% in the third quarter and 6% year-to-date. All 4 MS business areas
contributed to this quarter's sales growth. Third quarter results reflect higher airborne radar volume for
the MESA and F-35 programs, higher volume on self-protection and targeting systems and higher volume
on marine systems and G/ATOR. Year-to-date sales growth reflects higher volume for airborne radars,
marine systems, restricted programs and self-protection, avionics and targeting programs.

Space Systems sales rose 17% in the third quarter and 13% year-to-date due to higher volume in both
business areas. Higher volume on restricted programs and other space programs like next-generation
OPIR and NASA Artemis contributed to higher sales in both periods. Stronger volume on launch vehicle
and hypersonics programs drove higher launch and strategic missile sales in both periods.

Now turning to segment operating income on Slide 6. Aeronautics operating income increased 9% and
margin rate increased to 10.1%. Year-to-date, AS margin rate is 10%. In both periods, AS recorded
lower net EAC adjustments. In the third quarter, lower positive EACs were more than offset by favorable

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

overhead rate performance. And year-to-date results were helped by the second quarter $21 million
government accounting benefit.

At Defense Systems, operating income increased by 8% in the quarter and 2% year-to-date. Operating
margin rate increased 130 basis points in the quarter to 11.7% and 20 basis points year-to-date. Margin
rate expansion in both periods is due to improved performance in Battle Management & Missile Systems
programs.

Operating income at Mission Systems rose 5% in the quarter and 6% year-to-date. Third quarter
operating margin was 14.5% and year-to-date margin rate was comparable to the prior year at 14.6%.
Space Systems operating income rose 17% in the quarter and 11% year-to-date. Third quarter operating
margin rate improved to 10.2% and year-to-date operating margin rate declined slightly to 10.3%,
principally due to lower net EAC adjustments.

Turning to Slide 7. We've updated guidance at all 4 sectors based on our current assumptions and better-
than-expected year-to-date results. At AS, we now expect sales to grow to the mid-$11 billion range with
some potential upside related to additional lower margin sales that may be booked in the fourth quarter.
For Defense Systems, we are increasing margin rate to approximately 11%. We're also increasing our
margin rate guidance for Mission Systems. We now expect a mid-14% margin rate this year at MS. And at
Space, based on the increase in development work at the sector, we expect sales will increase to the mid-
$8 billion range with a low 10% margin rate for the year.

Moving to consolidated guidance on Slide 8. We're raising 2020 sales, adjusted EPS and free cash flow
guidance to reflect the strength of year-to-date results. 2020 sales are now expected to range between
$35.7 billion and $36 billion, a $400 million increase over prior guidance, with top line growth of 6% at the
midpoint. We've also increased our total net FAS/CAS pension adjustment by $25 million, in part to reflect
the updated demographic study that we complete in the third quarter of each year.

No change to our expected federal tax rate or year-end weighted average share count. Based on year-to-
date results and expectations for the remainder of the year, we're increasing mark-to-market adjusted EPS
to a range of $22.25 to $22.65. For free cash flow, we now expect between $3.3 billion and $3.6 billion for
the year or about $20 per share at the midpoint.

Slide 9 provides a bridge between July's guidance and today's full year EPS outlook. The increase in
guidance reflects $0.25 of third quarter operational improvement. Regarding capital deployment, capital
expenditures year-to-date totaled $828 million. And as we indicated, we retired $1 billion in debt that
matured on October 15.

As we look ahead to next year, on Slide 10, we expect 3 of our 4 sectors, Space, Mission Systems and
Defense Systems, to have top line trends consistent with 2020. Space should continue low to mid-teen
percent top line growth, supported by a backlog that has more than doubled this year due to GBSD and
robust restricted awards. Mission Systems should generate mid-single-digit sales growth, including higher
volume from restricted and airborne and ground radar programs.

Defense Systems top line growth will be impacted by the Lake City wind-down, which will be a headwind
of approximately $400 million next year. This is a little more than we originally anticipated and reflects
the fact that we had more sales than expected in 2020 as we transition these activities over to the new
contractor. We expect DS 2021 sales to be comparable to this year.

Regarding Aeronautics Systems, we expect several factors will lead to a deceleration from this year's mid-
single-digit growth. In 2021, we believe COVID-19 will continue to impact our commercial programs,
F-35 production will begin to plateau and our HALE portfolio will likely experience defense budget funding
pressures. These factors lead us to an expectation of low single-digit growth at Aeronautics in 2021 from
the mid-$11 billion range this year. Given these sector trends, we expect 2021 sales at the company level
will be in the low to mid-$37 billion range, which includes intercompany eliminations of approximately $2
billion.

Looking at segment margin trends. GBSD will pressure the margin rate at Space. But we expect margin
rate performance from the other 3 businesses will be generally consistent with 2020. As Kathy said,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

we have opportunities to offset mix pressure at Space Systems through program performance and cost
reductions across the company. We will aggressively drive to capture these opportunities. We do continue
to expect higher segment margin dollars in 2021 and we expect next year's segment margin rate will
likely trend toward the low end of the 2020 guidance range of 11.3% to 11.5%. Our outlook assumes
current productivity levels. And although we are actively pursuing the recovery of COVID-related costs,
our outlook does not include significant recoveries.

Turning to cash. We continue to expect strong cash flow. There will be a 2021 headwind related to the
reversal of about half of this year's $300 million to $400 million deferred payroll tax-related benefit. But
we expect to have opportunities to offset that with improvements in working capital. Our 2021 capital
expenditures are expected to be about $1.35 billion.

Regarding 2021 pension items, I would note that in addition to updates for changes in the discount rate at
the end of this year and the actual 2020 planned asset returns, we're evaluating our pension assumptions,
including our long-term expected rate of return, which is currently 8%. For your modeling purposes, we
believe the net effect of these and other pension assumption updates effective 12/31 is likely to lower our
annual net FAS/CAS pension adjustment by approximately $150 million to $250 million in both 2021 and
2022 versus estimates of $1.75 billion and $1.8 billion, respectively, which we provided on January 30. We
will provide our detailed outlook on pension items on our fourth quarter call in January.

As discussed more fully in our earnings release and our SEC filings, our guidance for 2020 and our outlook
for 2021 assume no significant changes to our productivity, to support for our programs or to the federal
corporate tax rate. In addition, our guidance and outlook do not reflect any potential discretionary pension
plan contributions that we may choose to make in either year.

In closing, we're very pleased with our third quarter and year-to-date results, particularly new awards and
our record backlog. Overall, our portfolio is well aligned with evolving customer priorities. We continue to
execute to deliver value for our shareholders and we continue to invest in the future.

With that, Todd, I think we're ready to open the call up for Q&A.

Todd B. Ernst
Vice President of Investor Relations
Natalia, please remind everyone how to get into Q&A's questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research.

Robert Alan Stallard
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

And thanks for all the detail there on 2021. But Kathy, just on another topic, on GBSD, I was wondering
if you could comment about how confident you are about this program staying on track because there
has been some commentary, it could be at risk with a change of administration and a tougher budget
environment. And in relation to that, as the program progresses, do you think 2021 will be the sort of
trough year for Space margins?

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, Rob. Every new administration has conducted an analysis of the triad, and we expect that
to happen again if after the election, we're working with a new administration. But I'll also note that
each have reaffirmed, it has a critical role to play in our national security. Since 1994, the DoD has had
a formal Nuclear Posture Review process. And in that, they evaluate the nation's strategic deterrent
posture and have validated all 3 legs of the triad as being critically important. And I'll note that the 2
most recent Nuclear Posture Reviews, one which was done in 2010, was conducted by the Obama-Biden
administration. And of course, the one in 2018 was conducted by the Trump-Pence administration.

But again, both confirm the need for the triad to include GBSD and the B-21. And historically if we look
back, when defense spending declines and conventional military forces come under budget pressure, the
U.S. and the allies have relied even more heavily upon nuclear deterrence to ensure global stability. So we
think that this triad is going to be viewed as even more important from a budgetary priority perspective
if those conditions exist. So we're confident that a new administration would recognize that value and
continue to support the modernization efforts that are well underway for both GBSD and B-21.

Operator

Your next question...

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

Natalia, just before we move on, you had a second part to the question, Rob, so let me address that
quickly. You asked about Space margins and whether 2021 would be the trough, given the mix pressure
that we will have from the GBSD program. I'll remind you that we're expecting nearly $1 billion of
incremental growth from GBSD next year. But we also expect significant growth going from '21 into '22.
So that mix pressure will persist. But as Dave noted in his commentary, we are working to offset that
pressure at the company level with strong cost reduction and program performance. And Natalia, now
we're ready for the next question.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Carter Copeland with Melius Research.

Carter Copeland
Melius Research LLC

Kathy, I wonder if you could talk about what you expect in terms of backlog growth opportunities in 2021,
given that 2019 and 2020 were so strong with some big, lumpy awards. Do you think you can still grow
backlog next year? Or is that going to be tougher, given the comparison?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

We certainly see the opportunity to continue to grow backlog next year. We have a number of
opportunities that we're pursuing across all sectors. I'll point to a few Next Gen Jammer in Mission
Systems as well as the 3DELRR replacement called SpeedDealer, also in Mission Systems. We have NGI,
the Next Generation Interceptor, which would be in Space. So these are just a few examples of large
potential awards, new starts that we could look to, to bolster our book-to-bill next year. But certainly, we
expect that book-to-bill won't be as robust as this year, just given the singular effect of the GBSD award
and the strong backlog that we have across our sectors.

And just to provide a little bit of color on that, we don't tend to look at awards and book-to-bill on a
quarterly basis, we look at them a longer term. And we are well above the year of sales and backlog at
Space, aerospace -- Aeronautics and Mission Systems. Defense Systems tends to run as a short-cycle
business more with a backlog about equal to sales. But that's typical. So we see strong backlog in all of
our sectors and the opportunity to continue to build backlog at the company level.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Doug Harned with Bernstein.

Douglas Stuart Harned
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

I was interested in trying to get a sense for where services are headed. You've had some very good
top line growth in product sales. But services has really been flat at best. And perhaps you could talk
about why that is. And do you expect to see services revenues grow from here? And do you expect F-35
sustainment to be a significant part of that?

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, Doug. So let me start with the last part of the question first and then I'll talk more generally
about services. We do see F-35 sustainment growth as a contributor to our overall services business. But
I'll also note that some of that F-35 sustainment growth runs through our Aeronautics business and our
Mission Systems business. When we're talking about spares and repairs, those get done by the businesses
that produce the products themselves, not necessarily through our Defense Systems business, where our
aircraft modernization sits. But that team is involved in the sustainment program for the F-35. So we see
sustainment spread across the company and would see that growth contribute to all 3 of the sectors that I
noted.

In terms of services growth within Defense Systems, we have seen that business be relatively flat. And
we've talked about some of the headwinds there that have been running off over the last couple of years
based on strategic decisions we've made about business to not pursue. And that certainly slowed even
into our 2021 results. But we've also seen some nice new program wins in that business. We talked about
a large restricted program earlier in the year. We had a significant award in our service -- IT services
business in the third quarter. So we are seeing growth. It's just offset by those headwinds that we've been
talking about. And as you know, we've been executing on that strategic repositioning for our services
business in TS and now DS for several years.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Jon Raviv with Citigroup.

Jonathan Phaff Raviv
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Kathy, in your prepared remarks, excuse me, you talked about how there's uncertainty, but Northrop has
strengthening foundation for growth. What about the foundation for strengthening growth? And I ask in
the context of really what is the prospect for growth rate to accelerate after '21 as new programs ramp up,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

you overcome some headwinds like Lake City? I know in July, we talked about aero being unremarkable in
'21 and '22. But just thinking about growth ahead and sustaining that number as you point to maybe, call
it, 3% to 5% in '21?

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Thanks, Jon. Well, as you note, our outlook for '21 represents another solid year of growth. Growth
beyond 2021 will be somewhat dependent on the top line defense budget outlook but also on our
portfolio's ability to offer the solutions, the U.S. government and our allies feel are necessary for their
most pressing threats. And our recent success in capturing new work indicates that we do have a strong
alignment to those high-priority items. But the combination of the budget and portfolio are certainly what
will drive our outlook for '22 and beyond.

We've seen strong bipartisan support for our key programs, like B-21, GBSD, F-35. And these, too, will be
key to continuing to see growth beyond 2021. But given the threat environment, we expect that support
to continue for those large programs. And we have really nice visibility as a result of being on the early
end of programs like B-21 and GBSD, which go for many years, as you know, and have a growth profile
in that period. I will acknowledge that a flattening budget could lead to fewer new starts. But we feel well
positioned and that our backlog has been building over the last couple of years very nicely. And as I noted
earlier in response to a question, we see the potential to continue building that backlog at least into next
year.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of David Strauss with Barclays.

David Egon Strauss
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Kathy and Dave, I wanted to ask on free cash flow. Or I guess, first of all, on pension, how you're thinking
about that and maybe the potential of a front-end load, some of the pension contributions you're thinking
about in the out-years, given the cash balance you're going to have here.

And then thinking about the cash profile from here, it looks like despite everything this year, that working
capital based on your guidance for the full year, it looks like working capital is going to be fairly neutral.
Does that benefit you from here? And then the last part of it, your CapEx profile, do you still see that
stepping down pretty meaningfully in 2022?

David F. Keffer
Corporate VP & CFO

Sure. Thanks, David. I'm happy to dig into each of those pieces as we look at cash flows in the years 2021
and beyond. I think you're right that we've generated a healthy cash balance at this point with $5 billion
at the end of Q3, that certainly enabled us to pay down the $1 billion of debt that we talked about earlier
in October. We do continue to plan for a gradual deleveraging of the balance sheet. So that's one element
of our capital deployment strategy. Investing in the business is certainly -- continues to be the hallmark of
our capital deployment strategy.

On the CapEx side that you asked about, our outlook there is unchanged, $1.35 billion this year and
next with a gradual decline in terms of percentage of sales thereafter. We don't see anything that would
cause us to change that outlook at this point. Returning cash to shareholders remains a priority as well.
And as Kathy talked about earlier, we do anticipate restarting our share repurchase program in 2021 and
continuing to maintain a competitive dividend.

On the pension side, it is something that we look at in terms of the timing of pension contributions that
are anticipated to pick up a bit in 2022. As we noted earlier, those are not incorporated into our free cash
flow guidance for this year or next. But the opportunity to make voluntary early pension contributions
remains a possibility in either of those years. So the bottom line is our intent is not to sit on the current
high levels of cash that we have generated over the last couple of years for longer than we believe it's
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

necessary. And you should expect a nice, balanced approach to capital deployment over the next couple of
years to continue for us.

Digging into the free cash flow question for 2021 a bit further, I think that, too, is an important topic, and
I think one to look at on a multiyear basis. So our 2019 cash -- free cash flow was up 20 -- up 18% from
2018. Our 2020 higher guide that we provided today calls for about 14% growth at the midpoint from
2019, so exceptional growth from -- in that 2-year period. 2020 free cash flow benefits about $300 million
to $400 million from the payroll tax deferral, also benefits a bit from progress payment changes. And then
we have some headwinds related to COVID-related delays and the supplier payment accelerations that
we've done this year, which on an aggregate year-to-date basis, total over $800 million. So we continue to
support those critical suppliers.

As we look at '21, we'll have the headwind related to the payroll tax deferral from this year. That's about
50% of that amount. But we'll work to offset that, to your point, through continued working capital
management and do feel like we can create a bit of a tailwind there. And with comparable CapEx from '20
to '21, when you aggregate all of that, we think the net result for '21 free cash will be continued strong
free cash flow on that multiyear basis but potentially below the higher 2020 free cash flow guide that
we've provided today because of that combination of factors.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan.

Seth Michael Seifman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I wonder, Kathy, maybe if you could talk a little bit more about the autonomous portfolio and kind of
the mechanics and time frame of starting to get growth to pick up there. And in particular, maybe the
Skyborg award and how you guys think about that, given that it's kind of a different type of program in
terms of being a low-cost solution than kind of the more high-end stuff that Northrop has been focused on
traditionally.

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, Seth. I'd be happy to. So let me start by talking about our current autonomous portfolio. And
looking at HALE in particular, so the combination of our Global Hawk and Triton programs, we have
talked about some budget pressures there. You may be familiar that for Triton, the Navy has discussed
a production pause for the next 2 years. And that is what is currently programmed into the Navy's 2021
budget request. We are working with the Navy and Congress to see what that production pause actually
entails in terms of aircraft for next year.

But with Australia, we also see some offsets to that production gap that we would experience otherwise
with the Navy's pause. We do believe the Navy is committed to the program in the long term based on all
of the statements that they've made. And so this really is an opportunity for the air vehicle to pause and
wait for some government-provided sensors that would get integrated into the production vehicles going
forward.

With regards to Global Hawk, the Air Force is contemplating a reduction in their fleet from largely Block
20s and Block 30s. And while they've signaled that, that is not formal direction at this point, so we
really don't have more color to add on what those pressures might look like for Global Hawk. But we do
anticipate that over the next several years that, that will become more clear, and we will have a stronger
projection.

And that leads to the question that you asked about Skyborg and other analysis of alternatives that
are being considered in this case, particularly by the Air Force. But I would note that all of the services'
strategic plans call for a significant contribution by unmanned systems, in particular aerial unmanned
systems, including not only the Air Force but the Navy and the Marine Corps. So Skyborg, in particular, we
look at as an opportunity because of its architectural components more so than just the air vehicle alone.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

The Skyborg vision is that systems will be operating together instead on a single platform, having the
capability to really operate unaided, which is how our HALE platform is developed today. That broader
range of requirements, as you point, will be in a lower price point but have some very sophisticated
requirements that need to be addressed in areas like connectivity, vehicle management, all things that,
across the Northrop Grumman portfolio, we have strong capabilities to contribute.

So we're actually quite excited about opportunities that look beyond the platform itself to the connectivity
of other sensors and aircraft because it starts to engage some of the integration that we can do with
our Mission Systems platform -- programs and products as well. So really, as we look forward, this is
an evolution of unmanned and one that we think is very consistent with what the services have been
discussing in systems and systems operating together and the work that we've been doing to lead the way
in that all-domain command and control of systems, unmanned and manned.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Cai von Rumohr with Cowen.

Cai von Rumohr
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

So Kathy, you mentioned that backlog could grow in '20. Just looking at it, it doesn't look like the new
opportunities are that huge. Maybe I'm wrong there. But so what would it take to get to it? Are the
existing programs, is there big increases coming? You've already gotten your money on GBSD. But in the
other restricted areas, what are the key elements that could get you to a higher backlog next year?

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

So Cai, I noted a few programs. But as you, I'm sure, appreciate across our program sets, the timing of
awards, some large, like F-35, we expect another production award next year. But there are many smaller
efforts as well that will just have their natural annual increment, particularly production programs that
will flow in next year that create a significant base and foundation of awards. And I just referred to a few
of the new awards, the new business that we would see contributing to an ability to get to a 1 or greater
book-to-bill next year. But certainly, there are lots of awards that are anticipated in just our normal course
of business across all 4 of our sectors.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies.

Sheila Karin Kahyaoglu
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Just given 10% growth in Mission this quarter and the promotion of Tom Jones to lead Aeronautics, your
largest segment from a subsegment in Mission, how do we think about actual growth drivers of Mission
growth over the next few years? Because outside of GBSD, it is your most significant growth contributor in
your portfolio.

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes, Sheila, and thank you for recognizing that. Certainly, Tom Jones, in his leadership at Airborne Sensors
& Networks inside of Mission Systems, has contributed to very strong growth for Mission Systems. It
has been, of the 4 businesses inside of Mission Systems, the most significant contributor to growth for
a couple of years. But I would also note that all of the businesses in Mission Systems contributed to its
growth this year. So we have been pleased to see that it isn't just one of the divisions driving that growth.

Speaking to Tom Jones, in particular, one of the reasons that I'm very pleased to have him stepping
into the role at Aeronautics sector is that in addition to leading our Airborne Sensors & Networks, he
was leading our cross-company campaign for next-generation air dominance, which looks at all next-

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

generation aircraft and missions systems that would meet the requirements of the government for their
sixth generation fleet.

And so in that role, he was already working very closely between our Aeronautics and our Missions
Systems sector on how we bring these capabilities together to accomplish the mission that our customers
have laid out, both the Air Force and the Navy, for their next generation of aircraft and mission programs.
So that synergy between those 2 businesses will only get stronger as we have Tom transition into
Aeronautics. I'd also note that the team under Tom in Airborne Sensors & Networks is a very strong team.
So I fully expect that the growth that we've seen there will continue under their leadership.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America.

Ronald Jay Epstein
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Kathy, a bigger-picture question for you. The classified programs have become such an important piece
of Northrop's business. And I guess for important reasons, right? They're sort of a black box. How do you
want investors to think about it?

And kind of as a follow-on to that or an addendum to that, with the announcement of NGAD and DoD
wanting to do more rapid aircraft programs, prototyping, the whole digital sensory series thing, what kind
of opportunity does that present for Northrop? Because presumably, that's all in the classified world as
well.

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, Ron. So one of the most important things for our performance as a company is the program
performance. And so what I want our investors to know, first and foremost, about our classified and
restricted work is that we have the same level of governance over those programs that we do any other
program. The appropriate people are cleared into the details of those programs, reviewing them regularly,
understanding what they need to perform and providing the resources to them to execute successfully.
And so that goes to our ability to continue to have a track record of disciplined and focused performance in
our restricted portfolio even though we can't share as much of that detail with our investor community as
we could on our unclassified portfolio.

In the second part of your question around digital engineering and the important role that our digital
enterprise transformation is going to have on all of our programs going forward. I'd actually start by
pointing to GBSD, where we are using the digital enterprise as the base for executing that program. The
work that we have done with the customer already, even under the tech maturation and risk reduction
phase of the program, was done in a digital environment. We delivered artifacts for review in a fully
digital environment, where they were actually looking at things in a model, not documents produced.
This is the first time on a program of this size where that's been the case. And we're very pleased to be
pioneering the way in partnership with the Air Force to make that a reality on the GBSD program. So those
investments that we're making for GBSD are being utilized across our entire portfolio.

So as we think about next-generation air dominance and the programs that are part of that overall
campaign, as I'll call it, they, too, will benefit from a full digital engineering thread as is being required by
our customers. And even in areas like Space and Mission Systems in addition to Aeronautics, each new
start is looking at implementing not only the design in a digital way but a full thread that looks at the
producibility and the maintainability through the use of models in the digital environment.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Pete Skibitski with Alembic Global.

Peter John Skibitski
Alembic Global Advisors

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Kathy, just to follow up on Seth's earlier question regarding HALE UAVs, I know you touched on Australia,
but in general, that was a domestic discussion. Can we talk about UAV export policy? Because I thought
maybe there had been some changes made to the MTCR, but I don't know how radical or not those
changes have been. But can you give us your updated view there on regulation around exports for HALEs
and maybe whether or not it goes far enough to help exports, just given, I think, a lot of market share has
been ceded to some competitors out there?

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Thanks, Pete. There were changes to the MTCR and they are very encouraging changes. They will
open up more international customers to have potential access. Of course, they'll still go through the same
approval process. But now it looks more favorable upon export of this technology because it isn't caught
up in the missile technology regime as tightly. And so when we look at this process, we are really pleased
the Department of State and the Department of Defense in the U.S. has worked together to make this
possible.

It will take us some time to work with nations that are now eligible for this technology and get through
processes of them requesting it and us engaging with them. But it is opening a door that had not been
opened before. So over a multiyear period, we do expect this to open up more international sales, not just
for HALE platforms, which is what we produce today, but for unmanned systems overall, including ones we
might develop in the future.

Operator

Your last question is from the line of Myles Walton with UBS.

Myles Alexander Walton
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Maybe a clarification on the pension cash assumptions for '21 and 22. Did only FAS move? Or did CAS and
funding respectively change? And then on Space, your growth there for '21. I think this year, you grew
Space more than 10% without GBSD. So why the implied deceleration to virtually no growth in '21 ex
GBSD?

David F. Keffer
Corporate VP & CFO

Myles, I'll start on the pension question. We still have a lot of assumptions to finalize there and review
internally. And so that's why it doesn't make sense for us at this phase to get into a line-by-line detailed
review of those assumptions before they're fully baked. And of course, we have to see where discount
rates end up as well as a full year asset performance for this year.

It's possible that there will be movement in both the FAS and the CAS lines. But those are, as I
mentioned, still in the works. The net result that we're talking through of $150 million to $250 million
would cover both of those. From a cash perspective, I don't think you should think of this as being a
meaningful change to our '21 or '22 outlook. But again, we'll have more details, and we'll be able to
update that on the January call.

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

And on Space, just very quickly, with strategic space, we've seen a tremendous amount of growth this
year, as you pointed to. Many of those programs ramp throughout this year and achieve more of a steady
growth into next year. In strategic missiles, as it's transitioning from [ GB ] to GMD to NGI, we'll see a
little bit of flatness until we get to the other side. But all of that is being more than offset by GBSD and
some additional growth in strategic space. Just not quite as much there in 2021 on a year-over-year
compare as we saw in 2020.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

So why don't I go ahead and close today's call by reiterating our thanks to the Northrop Grumman team
for another outstanding quarter of performance. It's especially impressive in light of the challenging
conditions that we've all faced this year. We are successfully executing on our strategy with solid results
through the first 3 quarters. And we're well positioned to have a strong finish to this year and continue
that momentum into 2021. So thank you for joining us today. We look forward to speaking to you again in
late January, when we'll report our full year results and provide 2021 guidance. That concludes our call.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

