Northrop Grumman Corporation 

NYSE:NOC
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, July 30, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

5.28

6.01

Revenue  (mm)

8664.99

8884.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-30-2020 1:24 PM GMT

13.83

2.53

5.70

22.12

25.26

8828.18

35217.74

37325.79

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

4.76

4.77

5.49

5.28

5.49

5.61

5.15

6.01

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15.34 %

17.61 %

(6.19 %)

13.83 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

David F. Keffer
Corporate VP & CFO

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

Todd B. Ernst
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Peter J. Arment
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Cai von Rumohr
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Richard Tobie Safran
Seaport Global Securities LLC,
Research Division

Carter Copeland
Melius Research LLC

Robert Alan Stallard
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

David Egon Strauss
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Robert Michael Spingarn
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Douglas Stuart Harned
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Ronald Jay Epstein
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

George D. Shapiro
Shapiro Research

Hunter Kent Keay
Wolfe Research, LLC

Seth Michael Seifman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Sheila Karin Kahyaoglu
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Jonathan Phaff Raviv
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Joseph William DeNardi
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Myles Alexander Walton
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Northrop Grumman's Second Quarter 2020 Conference
Call. Today's call is being recorded. My name is Shelby, and I'll be your operator today. [Operator
Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Todd Ernst, Treasurer and Vice
President, Investor Relations. Mr. Ernst, please proceed.

Todd B. Ernst
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Shelby. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Northrop Grumman's Second Quarter 2020
Conference Call. We'll refer to a PowerPoint presentation that is posted on our IR web page this morning.

Before we start, matters discussed on today's call, including 2020 guidance and beyond reflect the
company's judgment based on information available at the time of this call. They constitute forward-
looking statements pursuant to safe harbor provisions of federal securities laws. Forward-looking
statements involve risks and uncertainties, which are noted in today's press release and our SEC filings.
These risks and uncertainties may cause actual company results to differ materially.

Today's call will also include non-GAAP financial measures that are reconciled to our GAAP results in our
earnings release.

On the call today are Kathy Warden, our Chairman, CEO and President; and Dave Keffer, our CFO.

At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Kathy. Kathy?

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We hope you and your
families are safe and healthy.

I want to start by thanking our employees and recognizing their resiliency and dedication in driving strong
second quarter performance in the midst of the COVID pandemic. Along with our customers and suppliers,
we quickly stood up new work processes and safeguards that allowed us to continue fulfilling customer
commitments while strengthening our foundation for the future.

And now as we see new outbreaks of coronavirus in our community, we continue to prioritize the safety
and well-being of our team. This includes flexible work schedules, teleworking, child care assistance and
stringent operating protocols aligned with CDC guidelines to help protect our employees and their loved
ones. We also continue to support our suppliers, health care providers and communities through volunteer
time, supplies and financial resources.

Turning to the results for the quarter. Despite the challenges of the coronavirus, we delivered a very
strong second quarter operationally and financially. Sales grew 5%, driven by 15% top line growth in
Space and continued growth at Aeronautics and Mission Systems. Segment operating income grew 4%, in
line with sales growth, and we generated an 11.6% segment operating margin rate.

Cash generation was particularly strong. Cash from operations increased 45% to $2.3 billion, and free
cash flow increased 53% to $2.1 billion after capital spending of $269 million. Our cash results reflect
solid operational performance and benefited from actions taken by our customers to support the industrial
base. We passed the full supplier benefit of higher progress payments to our suppliers. And we have also
instituted our own acceleration of payments to many of our most vulnerable suppliers, totaling nearly
$500 million year-to-date.

In addition to those financial highlights in the quarter, we continue to execute our long-term growth
strategy. Second quarter awards totaled $14.8 billion, a book-to-bill of 1.7x sales. And our total

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

backlog has increased 8% since year-end 2019 to more than $70 billion. The strength of our awards
demonstrates our portfolio's alignment with the nation's most critical security priority, including space,
nuclear deterrence, advanced weapons and all-domain command and control. Our innovation and timely
investments in these areas are enabling our customers' vision for future operations.

In Space, rapidly evolving threats are driving an urgent need for advanced resilient capabilities, and we
are competing successfully in this domain. In the second quarter, new awards at Space Systems totaled
$9.2 billion, which included $5.9 billion of restricted awards. In addition to restricted awards, we also
booked $1.9 billion to develop 2 polar orbiting satellites for Next Gen OPIR and approximately $150 million
for the preliminary design and development of HALO, the first crew module for NASA's moon orbiting
space station as part of Artemis. And we were selected by commercial customers to build 4 satellites
under 2 separate awards totaling more than $400 million.

These awards support the Federal Communication Commission's order to make the lower portion of the C-
band spectrum available to mobile network operators, enabling the rollout of critical 5G services.

We are also supporting the modernization of the nation's strategic deterrent with GBSD. GBSD continues
to be on track for a late summer award. We expect a booking of between $10 billion to $15 billion for
the engineering, manufacturing and development or EMD phase of the program, with production to be
negotiated at a later date. The successful completion of the preliminary design review in May validates
that we are ready to enter the EMD phase. We look forward to delivering a secure, reliable and effective
nuclear deterrent capability to our nation. Based on current backlog and future opportunities, we continue
to expect Space will be our fastest growing business.

In advanced weapons, we are providing innovative solutions that address the need for higher speed,
advanced sensors and precision capabilities. Our broad portfolio of advanced weapons capabilities,
including hypersonics, precision systems, directed energy and advanced munitions continues to be a
source of growth.

After completing successful critical design review last quarter, AARGM-ER achieved another milestone in
the second quarter. The Navy conducted the first AARGM-ER captive carry flight test on the F-18 Super
Hornet, and we've begun with tunnel testing. This system provides opportunity to grow our share in the
tactical missile market. Also in the quarter, we announced that we surpassed the production and delivery
of 50,000 precision guidance kits for a 155-millimeter artillery projectile. And year-to-date, we've booked
$154 million in modifications to our big contract for PGK production with the U.S. Army and U.S. Marine
Corps to produce additional kits.

Our overall weapon systems bookings within our Defense Systems segment are up year-to-date with a
1.2x book-to-bill. Through our successful integration of Orbital ATK into the Northrop Grumman portfolio,
we are realizing the strength of the combined team in our Space and weapons business performance.

We are also proud to be enabling the next generation of battle management. Our networking and
computer technology is being incorporated into demonstrations and systems of records, showing the value
of our open systems, which are affordable and platform agnostic. Next-generation programs like Joint All-
Domain Command and Control, known as JADC2, are aimed at creating an information architecture across
all domains. Our experience with the Army's IBCS program and ABMS for the Air Force will help enable the
Defense Department to extend the any sensor, any shooter capability across all services.

And we are making considerable progress on the IBCS program. Together with the Army, we entered
the final round of preparation and trading for the systems' multiweek limited user tests that began
shortly after the end of the second quarter. Successful completion of this EMD milestone will support
IBCS production, deployment and fielding to execute the Army's integrated air and missile defense
modernization strategy. We are on track for the milestone fee decision later this year, which positions the
program to enter production.

For the current generation of Mission Systems and Sensors, we continue to deliver advanced capabilities
to address evolving threats. In the Mission Systems sector, we delivered F-35 radar, DAS and CNI chipsets
in quantities comparable to or better than the second quarter of 2019, despite the impact of COVID. Our

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

SABR radar upgrades also continue. During the quarter, the Air Force completed integration of our SABR
radars on Air National Guard F-16s at its Joint Base Andrews and New Jersey Air National Guard Bases. 7
additional bases are scheduled to receive SABR upgrades in the coming months.

MS will also be supplying our radio frequency countermeasure Systems for the C-130s operated by the
Air Force Special Operations Command. Our RFCM systems will help to improve the C-130's aircraft
survivability and protect aircrews from air and land-based enemy radar and missile systems.

Looking ahead, we are competing for the next generation of electronic warfare capabilities, including Next
Gen Jammer Low Band, which should be awarded later this year.

Turning to Aeronautics sector. Through the end of the second quarter, we delivered 683 F-35 center
fuselages, and we continue to manufacture at a pace that supports customer deliveries. We adjusted
our outlook for F-35 fuselage production volume for AS in the first quarter to account for the anticipated
impact of COVID, and this has not changed. In addition, during the quarter, we also received State
Department approval for the future sale of 3 E-2D Advanced Hawkeyes and related equipment to France,
opening the door to a future award opportunity. And Australia committed to the purchase of 3 Triton air
vehicles.

With the B-21, as Air Force public statements indicate, we continue to make good progress. And the Air
Force currently expects B-21s to move into low rate production following key development milestones
scheduled to complete in 2022.

We are also pleased by the policy changes announced last week regarding the export of unmanned aerial
systems. It is critical for our national security that our export policies continue to keep pace with the rapid
evolution of technology and support collaboration with our allies.

At the half point of the year, we're encouraged that despite the challenge of the pandemic, our team is
delivering strong operational results. As we think about our full year guidance, we are assuming that our
team's productivity as well as the operations of our customers and suppliers remains at or near current
levels. Our update to guidance incorporates the strength of year-to-date results, our current assumptions
regarding the continuing pandemic risks and their impact on us and an expectation that demand for our
defense products and services remains strong.

Given that context, we are raising 2020 sales, EPS and free cash flow guidance. Based on our current
assumptions, we now expect sales will increase to between $35.3 billion and $35.6 billion, and EPS will
range between $22 and $22.40. And we are increasing guidance for 2020 free cash flow to a range of
$3.15 billion and $3.55 billion after capital spending of approximately $1.35 billion. We are maintaining
our guidance for segment operating margin rate at 11.3% to 11.5%. And Dave will discuss each of these
items in more detail.

Turning to the U.S. budget environment. We expect to see continued strong bipartisan support for national
security. Even under scenarios of flattening or slightly declining defense budgets, we believe our portfolio
will remain well aligned to our customers' highest priority investments. Defense spending is largely threat
driven, and the threat environment warrants a strong defense. Despite fiscal pressures, emerging threats
are intensifying, and we believe both political parties are focused on effectively countering these emerging
threats. We saw demonstrated bipartisan support for defense spending in the recent House vote to pass
the NDAA.

Before I close, I want to highlight that in 2020, Northrop Grumman was once again recognized as a Top
50 company for diversity. We are committed to equality, diversity and inclusion, not only in Northrop
Grumman, but in our supply chain and communities. Our strong performance is enabled by the diversity
of our team, which continues to expand. We have hired 8,000 new employees in the first half of the year,
and we expect to hire more than 12,000 by year-end. Through their second quarter performance, our
team of dedicated men and women in partnerships with their suppliers and customers demonstrated their
commitment to national security and human advancement. While future impacts of the pandemic remain
uncertain, we have a robust pipeline of opportunities, and we are strengthening our foundation for growth.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Despite the challenges that COVID-19 has presented for every business and individual, the Northrop
Grumman team remains committed to the safety and well-being of our people, investing for the future,
delivering value to our shareholders and meeting our commitments to our customers and all of our
stakeholders.

So now I'll turn it over to Dave.

David F. Keffer
Corporate VP & CFO

Thanks, Kathy, and good morning, everyone. I'd also like to thank our employees for their strong
performance this quarter. My comments begin with second quarter highlights on Slide 3.

We delivered excellent bookings, sales, operating income, EPS and cash. And we're pleased to be
increasing our sales, EPS and free cash flow guidance for the year. I'd also note that as of April 1, certain
unallowable compensation and other costs that we previously reflected in segment results are now in
unallocated corporate expense. These are costs that are managed at the corporate level, and we made
this change as we began to operate within the new sector structure. The Q2 impact of the change was
minimal, only increasing second quarter segment operating income by about $1 million. This change has
been applied retrospectively and recast results are presented in Schedule 7 of our earnings release.

Slide 4 provides a bridge between second quarter 2020 and second quarter 2019 earnings per share. EPS
increased 19% to $6.01. Operational performance drove $0.26 of the increase. During the quarter, we
recovered $0.23 of the negative return on marketable securities that we incurred in the first quarter. And
year-over-year, this translated to a $0.17 benefit. Pension also contributed $0.49 of the year-over-year
improvement.

I'll begin a review of sector results on Slide 5. Aeronautic sales were up 7% for the quarter and 4% year-
to-date. Sales in autonomous systems and manned aircraft were higher in both periods. Higher volume
on restricted programs and the E-2D drove higher sales in both periods, along with higher Triton volume
in the second quarter. Higher volume in these areas was partially offset by lower volume on the F-35
program due to COVID-19 impacts in both periods.

At Defense Systems, sales decreased by 2% for the quarter and are up 2% year-to-date. Mission
Readiness programs had higher volume in both periods, principally due to higher restricted volume,
partially offset by lower volume on the Hunter sustainment program as it nears completion.

Battle Management & Missile Systems had higher volume in both periods on programs like GMLRS and
AARGM-ER. But these increases are being offset by programs nearing completion, including Lake City as
that begins to ramp down and an international weapons program that is also winding down.

Mission Systems sales were up 2% in the second quarter and 4% year-to-date. Higher volume on airborne
sensors and networks programs, where we had higher volume on radar programs like MESA and SABR,
drove sales growth in both periods. These increases were partially offset in both periods by lower volume
in Cyber & Intelligence Mission Solutions due to a program nearing completion.

Space Systems sales rose 15% in the second quarter and 11% year-to-date due to higher volume in both
business areas, higher volume on restricted programs and other space programs like Next Generation
OPIR and the Arctic Satellite Broadband Mission, or ASBM program.

[Audio Gap]

Year-to-date, AS margin rate is 9.9%. In both periods, the margin rate trend reflects lower net positive
EAC adjustments in Autonomous Programs as well as a change in contract mix in Manned Aircraft. These
trends were partially offset by a $21 million benefit in the second quarter related to the resolution of a
government accounting matter that we had expected might occur later this year.

At Defense Systems, operating income increased by 2% in the quarter and was comparable year-to-
date. Operating margin rate increased to 11.5% in the quarter due to improved performance in Mission

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Readiness programs. And their year-to-date margin rate of 11% is slightly lower, principally due to
favorable adjustments on certain small caliber programs in the first quarter of 2019.

Operating income at Mission Systems rose 3% in the quarter and 6% year-to-date. Operating margin rate
increased to 14.2% in the quarter and to 14.6% year-to-date reflecting improved performance in both
periods.

Space Systems operating income rose 8% in the quarter and 7% year-to-date. Second quarter operating
margin rate declined to 10.2% due to delays in production on certain commercial space components. And
year-to-date operating margin rate declined to 10.3%.

Turning to Slide 7. Based on better-than-expected Aeronautics sales in the second quarter, we're
increasing AS sales guidance to the low to mid $11 billion range. However, as we look beyond this year in
AS, we expect to experience continued top line pressure in our commercial aerospace business and budget
tightness in certain of our HALE programs. We continue to expect a margin rate of approximately 10% for
AS in 2020. Sales and operating margin rate guidance for our Defense, Mission and Space Systems sectors
are unchanged.

Moving to consolidated guidance on Slide 8. We're raising 2020 sales, adjusted EPS and free cash flow
guidance to reflect the strength of year-to-date results. Driven by the increase in AS, we now expect 2020
sales will range between $35.3 billion and $35.6 billion, a $200 million to $300 million increase over prior
guidance.

Our higher EPS guidance reflects $0.20 of operational improvement that we experienced in the second
quarter. No changes to expected tax rate or year-end weighted average share count. Based on our
second quarter results and current expectations for the remainder of the year, we expect mark-to-market
adjusted EPS to be between $22 and $22.40.

For free cash flow, we're raising the top of our guidance $100 million to $3.55 billion. Our Q2 cash flow
reflected a combined benefit of approximately $300 million for the CARES Act, payroll tax deferrals and an
increase in certain progress payments from our customers.

For the year, we expect a combined benefit of $400 million to $500 million from these changes. We expect
these benefits to working capital will be partially offset by accelerated payments to our suppliers and
potential impacts of COVID on the timing of certain collections. But given our expectations for the overall
effect of these changes and the strength of our Q2 cash flow results, we have increased the top end of our
free cash flow guidance range.

Slide 9 provides a bridge between April's guidance and today's full year EPS outlook. The increase in
guidance reflects $0.20 of second quarter operational improvement. I would note that we're not increasing
guidance for this quarter's positive returns on marketable securities as there's still a long way to go until
year-end and asset returns may continue to be volatile.

Regarding cash deployment, we continue to pursue a balanced capital deployment strategy that includes
investing in the business, managing the balance sheet and returning cash to shareholders through
dividends and share repurchases. During the pandemic, we're also especially closely monitoring the
health of our supply chain, and we're accelerating certain payments to help us continue to execute on
commitments to our customers.

Through the end of the second quarter, our year-to-date share repurchases totaled approximately $500
million, and we've met our approximate share count target for 2020. Share repurchases remain an
important part of our capital deployment strategy.

We continue to be committed to paying a competitive dividend. And in May, we raised our dividend by
approximately 10%. We're also focused on deleveraging the balance sheet, and we expect to retire $1
billion in maturing debt this fall.

Before closing, one topic that I want to touch on is the potential upcoming R&D tax change. The Tax Cuts
and Jobs Act currently requires a shift from expensing R&D costs for tax purposes to amortizing them over

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

5 years, starting in 2022. As many of you know, this law would affect Northrop Grumman and many of our
industry peers given the substantial R&D investments that we make each year. If the law is not changed
before 2022, we would estimate a potential cash flow impact that could be approximately $1 billion that
year. We would expect that impact would decline by about 20% each year for the following 4 years as the
amortized cost approaches steady state closer to today's level of expense costs.

In closing, we're very pleased with our second quarter and year-to-date results. While our COVID-19
impacts in Q2 were less significant than we originally expected, the future path of the pandemic and its
various related impacts on us remain uncertain. And we continue to monitor the situation closely.

Overall, our portfolio is well aligned with evolving customer priorities. We continue to execute to deliver
value for our shareholders, and we continue to invest in the future.
With that, Todd, I think we're ready to open up the call for Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Ron Epstein of Bank of America.

Ronald Jay Epstein
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Kathy, could you just give us maybe a quick update, if you can, on where we stand with GBSD and when
you might expect that decision to come?

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes, Ron, thanks. We still expect that the Air Force will meet its schedule of making the award for the EMD
phase of the program in late August of this year. And we are in the process of discussions with them to
meet that objective.

Operator

Your next question is from Sheila Kahyaoglu of Jefferies.

Sheila Karin Kahyaoglu
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Kathy, maybe for you. You talked about moving pieces within Aeronautics margins. You had a settlement
in the quarter, but overall profitability was better. Can you talk about some of the puts and takes, maybe
risk around COVID versus the offsets? And then I think you mentioned continued top line pressure in
commercial area, which is obvious there and some budget tightening. So if you could elaborate on that.

David F. Keffer
Corporate VP & CFO

Sure. I'm happy to kick that one off, Sheila. So a few of the points you mentioned, I think, are worth
talking about now. In AS, we did have a very strong operational Q2. We talked on our last call about the
COVID impacts on the business at the time of the call and on a Q2-to-date basis. Following that time line,
there was quicker-than-expected recovery from the business impacts of COVID on our AS business.

And as the quarter progressed, we also had favorable timing on some materials that boosted results of
the quarter. And the nonoperational item that we talked about in our scripted comments and mentioned
in our filings around the government accounting matter helped Q2, and we had thought that may occur
later in the year. So a very strong operational quarter, combined with those other factors I mentioned. On
an ongoing basis, to your point, there are obviously continued pressures on the commercial portion of the
business, but we're certainly pleased with the Q2 results of AS.

Operator

Your next question is from Peter Arment of Baird.

Peter J. Arment
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Kathy, David, nice quarter. Kathy, can I ask a bigger picture question on the Space segment. Just kind of
touching upon the kind of long-term trends on the margin front. I mean you're getting all this growth. I
assume you're going to have GBSD kind of work flowing through here in a significant way. And given that
over 70% of the mix is cost-plus, is this a segment that can hold kind of a 10% margin? Or how should we
think about it, just given all the growth and success you've had here?

Kathy J. Warden

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Chairman, CEO & President

So Peter, as we think about the margins for Space, you're hitting on the right points. The mix will be the
biggest driver of margins rate over time. But we do expect to see significant growth in that segment. So
margin dollar expansion, we're expecting to be quite solid. But on the rate itself, as you noted, as we see
that mix already a heavy preponderance toward cost-type contracts and then adding GBSD, which will also
be a cost-type program for the EMD phase, for quite a while, we will have mix that lends itself to a lower
margin rate than what we would experience if we had a higher volume of that business in production.
But many of the programs in that business will move to production sooner than GBSD. So GBSD is one of
the longest cycle of the programs in that portfolio. It will be an EMD for -- through 2029. But with other
programs that we are booking into Space, as you've seen, our bookings grow quite nicely, will transition to
production in a shorter period of time. So we'll see that mix certainly evolve in the near term. But over the
long term, we will still have a considerable amount of cost-plus business in that portfolio.

Operator

Our next question is from Seth Seifman of JPMorgan.

Seth Michael Seifman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Dave, you mentioned the headwinds on the top line in Aero next year. And just to -- is there a way to
calibrate that a little more? Should we expect growth in the segment next year and it just will be more
moderate because of those headwinds? Or do those headwinds prevent growth in the segment?

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

So as we think about Aero on a go-forward basis, I would point to our year-to-date growth of about 4%
in that business, which is in line with what we had expected for the year and what we're guiding. And
although we're not guiding into next year at this point, we tell you the longer-term trajectory for that
business is that it won't be one of our fastest growing segments. We've seen a good bit of that portfolio
begin to shift also to cost-type work that grew significantly and now it's leveling out. And production also
on our key programs, there is more at a steady state. So the fastest-growing segments in our portfolio,
certainly, the Space, but Aero will be a nice contributor to the portfolio in terms of the stable and steady
programs that are large contributors not only to growth but solid margin rate performance.

Operator

Your next question is from Robert Stallard of Vertical Research.

Robert Alan Stallard
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

A very big -- yes, you had a very good quarter for order intake in Q2. And I was wondering if any of these
awards will result in an increase in self-funded R&D or CapEx in terms of seed funding at the start?

David F. Keffer
Corporate VP & CFO

Rob, it's Dave. So it was a really strong quarter, particularly for restricted awards and particularly for
awards in our Space sector. So we're really pleased with the backlog growth in those portions of the
business. We haven't changed our CapEx outlook for the year. Longer term, we've said in the past that
we expect a similar volume of CapEx in 2021 before that begins to decline as a percentage of revenue
thereafter. We think that CapEx outlook remains our best information as of today. And we'll continue to
really focus those CapEx investments on the portion of our business -- the portions of our business with
the strongest growth potential, key customers, key capabilities to drive differentiated capability in areas
that are consistent with the national defense strategy.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Your next question is from Jon Raviv of Citi.

Jonathan Phaff Raviv
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Kathy, just kind of going back to big picture here. Obviously, there's a lot of conversation, which you
addressed also in terms of pressured budget environment. But what is your perspective on accelerating
growth? Not just sales but really EBIT dollar growth, segment EBIT dollar growth going forward just as the
budget slows down. I think that's a little sort of digression that maybe is not always appreciated, that you
guys can actually accelerate growth while the market might slow?

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, Jon. Yes, as our backlog is growing quite nicely, we see that providing a strong foundation for
growth. We also are encouraged by our portfolio's alignment with the priorities in the national defense
strategy. And I would tell you that goes beyond the defense strategy as it's written today. It really is the
look at our portfolio compared to the threats that our nation and our allies are facing. And we certainly see
Space as a domain where there will continue to be evolution of capability to address increasingly advanced
threats from other nations and just the respect for Space as a domain that now can offer much more war-
fighting capability to our nation and its allies. That's one example, but I could give you the same as we
talk about weapons and the evolution of weapon systems or the importance of networking, all of these
war-fighting assets for advanced command and control.

And so that type of alignment of our portfolio says that if the threat continues to evolve in the way that
it is today, there would be durability in our ability to continue to grow. And I'd point to one other thing,
which is the innovation that we are driving as a company that addresses some of the nation's most
critical threats and is allowing us to win the work that you're showing -- that you're seeing show up in
our bookings. That innovation is, as Dave alluded to, targeted investments that we're making in our R&D
and our CapEx to be able to demonstrate for our customers the maturity of technology to address these
evolving threats. And I'm quite proud of how our team is doing that. And it will be an increasingly part of
the -- increasing part of the selection process that the government uses to determine the partners they
will work with on a go-forward basis. So those 3 elements of how we're executing gives me confidence
that this business can continue to thrive even in a flat or slightly declining budget environment if, and I
think the primary if is the threat vector continues to be aligned with what it is today. And we expect that
to be the case.

Operator

Your next question is from Doug Harned of Bernstein.

Douglas Stuart Harned
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

I wanted to go to Aeronautics and specifically on F-35. And if you think about F-35 as now basically
new production upgrades, sustainment, a lot of this would appear that you'll be topping out kind of a
new production, but the upgrades and sustainment are going to be new growth opportunities. How does
Northrop Grumman play in those 3? And how do you see that collectively contributing to growth over the
next few years?

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

Doug, this is Kathy. The F-35 program will continue to be a really important part of our portfolio. We are
involved in all 3 stages of the life cycle on the program. And I would characterize those as production,
modernization and sustainment. And for production, as we've noted before, we tend to run about 18
months ahead of Lockheed Martin in delivering a center fuselage and ahead also in the delivery of Mission
Systems. So we will reach peak production sooner than Lockheed. But if you look at the quantities that
they're projecting, we don't reach peak for a while on that program.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Modernization is interesting in that for the Mission Systems, we actually will go back to retrofitting old
platforms. So the production volume there, once we get through the development stage of the upgrade
programs, will increase production once again in Mission Systems. And then, of course, in sustainment,
we're seeing that part of the portfolio grow as we get more aircraft fielded. And that's not just in the U.S.,
but as our global partners are also taking possession of the aircraft. So each of the stages of the program
presents opportunity for us in the near term. In the longer term, it's the modernization and sustainment
stages that will support growth.

Operator

Your next question is from Carter Copeland of Melius Research.

Carter Copeland
Melius Research LLC

Kathy, I wanted to ask you about the reimbursement of COVID costs and whatnot. I noted that in the
industry's letter on the reimbursement of those costs that Northrop wasn't -- didn't participate in that. And
I just wondered, do you guys have a lower COVID impact or you have better ability to absorb those costs.
I just found that interesting and wondered if you can give us some color on it.

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

So yes, it's true that I chose not to sign on to the letters. I want to make it clear, though, that we are
supportive of a strong national defense and recognize that funds need to be appropriated to support
that objective, and we are directly engaged in supporting that cause. However, we did see that our
impacts from COVID were less significant than we are seeing projected elsewhere. And therefore, we have
continued to focus on that very issue, making these impacts as small as possible so that we are not in a
position where we have an additional bill for taxpayers to get capability delivered. And we'll continue to be
focused on that as our primary objective. And that includes everything from keeping our workplaces safe
so that our employees can continue to come to work and feel that they can be productive. It's continuing
to partner with our suppliers to ensure they have what they need to continue operating effectively and
continue to work with our customers to be innovative in how we continue to get work done, even in light
of constraints in how we would normally conduct operations. And I would say on all fronts, our team has
been both innovative as well as strong partners to our teammates and customers to be able to navigate
their way through, and that's allowed us to have this lesser impacts than we anticipated as we sat here a
quarter ago.

Operator

Your next question is from David Strauss of Barclays.

David Egon Strauss
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Kathy, it sounded like you may, I guess, with these prepared remarks, you highlighted the headwinds
that you're seeing as we look out to '21 in Aerospace Systems. Anything else, Kathy, as we think about
modeling '21 which we should think about in terms of modeling and headwinds. I think you might still
have a bit of a headwind from Lake City and James Webb Space Telescope? Just trying to think about that
as we look out to '21.

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

So I'll start, and then Dave can walk you through some of the details. As we look forward into 2021,
there's nothing additional that we haven't already spoken about that present significant headwinds that we
know of as we sit here today. The 3 things that I would point you to, and then Dave can walk you through
them, is Lake City, as you said. The James Webb Space Telescope will launch next year, and so we have
expected the volume to continue to decline as we near completion on that satellite. You may have noticed
that the date of the launch moved slightly next year from March to October based on some COVID-related

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

impacts. That program is in final integration and test. And as a result, there are a number of observers
from NASA, and the testing was impacted slightly by people's inability to travel and work full shift during
COVID. So we did see a slight movement there in schedule, but we do still anticipate it to launch next
year. And as a result, that program will continue to decline in year-over-year sales.

And then the third thing that I would point you to that we've spoken about on prior calls are some
headwinds in the HALE portfolio with both Triton and Global Hawk. And as we work through this year's
budget, we are -- we'll get better clarification on what those headwinds might be. They don't present
risk in 2020. But as we look forward into 2021, they could start to present some headwinds. So Dave,
anything you'd like to add on any of those 3 or anything additional?

David F. Keffer
Corporate VP & CFO

Sure. Just a little more color on each of those topics. On Lake City, just to quantify that a bit further,
we think the '21 headwind is likely to be around 1% of revenue. That's consistent with the range we've
given in the past or an estimate we've provided before. James Webb, as Kathy mentioned, I think will
end up being more of a '22 headwind than a '21 headwind given the timing. That program is smaller in
its annual revenue than Lake City. And then on the HALE portfolio, I think there are more moving pieces
and budget determinations to be made and such, so I wouldn't begin to quantify that challenge next year
or beyond. And of course, all of this, I think, should be cast as well with the light of the space program,
which is expected -- or the Space business is expected to be our largest -- I'm sorry, our fastest-growing
business not only this year but beyond. The large new development programs in that business that have
bolstered its backlog this year and should continue to do so are sources of nice top line opportunity in '21
and beyond.

Operator

Your next question is from Joseph DeNardi of Stifel.

Joseph William DeNardi
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Kathy, can you just give us an update on the space logistics, the Mission Extension Vehicle opportunity
that you kind of acquired through Orbital, maybe what some of the conversations are like there with
customers. I think that's kind of a unique capability for you all. And then could you be a little bit more
specific on when peak is for F-35? You said it's a while. Can you be any more specific?

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure. Let me start with our Mission Extension Vehicle. As some of you may recall, we returned a customer
satellite, Intelsat 901, to service in April of this year. And it was the first docking of a life extension vehicle
to an active satellite ever accomplished, and I'm very proud of the team for that first of a kind. It's
opening up a whole new set of opportunities in mission extension. And under the terms of that contract,
we are going to be working with this through SpaceLogistics for 5 years to provide those services. At the
same time, we have been working on our second Mission Extension Vehicle, and it has arrived at its launch
site in French Guiana, and we actually expect that launch to occur in the next few days. And then MEV 2
will dock with another Intelsat satellite to provide life extension services for it, that docking should occur
in early 2021. And this just gives you a little color on what's happening on the program.

But to the broader point, this is a market area that we are pioneering first in commercial and the
application of it also into military-grade satellites as the future holds. And this is something that our
Orbital ATK team had started, but as we have integrated into Northrop Grumman, has continued,
and we're leveraging the expertise and experience of the whole team as we look at this future set of
opportunity.

You also asked about F-35. Really, I would not provide any additional color or guidance. As we do 2021
guidance, we'll share some more insight into what we plan for the 3 components of the program that I

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

spoke about, production, sustainment and modernization. I would say that each of those 3 pieces of the
program and in the 2 sectors, the 2 sectors that primarily support the program, AS and MS, there are a
number of moving parts on those assumptions due to COVID-19 impact. We're working very closely with
Lockheed Martin to understand what those quantities are, and we'll be able to provide you more insights
as we guide for 2021.

Operator

Your next question is from Myles Walton of UBS.

Myles Alexander Walton
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

First one is a clarification, Kathy, on the $5.9 billion in classified awards in Space. Was that dominated
by a single award? And I'm not sure you've ever got one quite that size before. And then the other is, if
you could just make a comment on the National Security Space Launch contract outcome or competition
outcome? And what your intention is for OmegA, if it doesn't go your way?

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure. So the large award in restricted space is indeed driven by a single award, and it is quite significant.
I can't provide any color on what it is. But suffice it to say, this is a long-term program as a result of the
size of the effort.

And in answer to your second question on National Security Space Launch, we are expecting that award
to come later this quarter. And we have been progressing, as you know, to prepare our OmegA rocket for
the requirements of the award, which would be to launch next year in 2021. We are on track. We would be
able to meet those requirements through our offering. And if we are not successful, we would continue to
leverage that investment that we and the Air Force have made through the first 2 phases of the program
into other propulsion activities in our GMV business. So this is a area that we, like many, selected to make
this investment not only for the potential of a single contract award it represented in National Security
Space Launch, but because it was a way to share research and development investment across a product
line that we can now utilize for other endeavors.

Operator

Our next question comes from Robert Spingarn of Crédit Suisse.

Robert Michael Spingarn
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Kathy, I want to try to phrase this question in a way that you can hopefully answer. But typically, when
you go from EMD to production on manned aircraft, do you tend to see margins on those first few LRIP
lots below, equal to or above the margins that you saw toward the end of EMD? And is there any reason to
think that, that behavior would change in the future?

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

So Rob, it depends on the contract on any given manned aircraft as to whether those first production units
are incorporated into what's already been negotiated or whether they are indeed part of a new contract.
And so if they were contracted as part of the initial award, you would not expect to see the booking rate
change because their costs for development would already be incorporated into the booking rate of that
effort.

Operator

Your next question comes from Cai von Rumohr of Cowen.

Cai von Rumohr

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

So Kathy, you started out kind of highlighting all the wins in Space and you also mentioned that GBSD
is still expected in August. And I think on the first quarter call, you said it might be about $200 million
add to this year. Given all these wins, is there a decent chance that we will see Space volume build in the
second half? And so instead of being a low $8 billion revenue number, it could be closer to a mid-$8 billion
number?

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

Well, look, I'm really comfortable with our guide, which is approximately $8 billion. I believe I just said --
yes.

David F. Keffer
Corporate VP & CFO

Yes. Low $8 billion.

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes, low $8 billion. And so if you take first half revenue, you get to a number of just slightly below $8
billion. So to your point, there is some growth that needs to occur in the second half. But as I said, we're
very comfortable with the guide, and that growth is reasonable based on what we know today.

Operator

Your next question is from Richard Safran of Seaport Global.

Richard Tobie Safran
Seaport Global Securities LLC, Research Division

Listen, I would like to ask you to, if you could expand on your comments on contract mix in Space. For the
company overall, given your knowledge of new programs, could you discuss how you see the overall and
long-term contract mix changing in terms of fixed price and cost-plus? How that might impact margins?
And in your answer, could you also update us on the expected long-term growth of classified versus
unclassified contracts?

David F. Keffer
Corporate VP & CFO

Sure, Rich. It's Dave. I'll be happy to provide that answer. Today, as we've talked about in the past,
we're around 50-50 in terms of fixed price versus cost-plus in our mix. And that, as you know, is heavily
determined by the phase of the life cycle of programs that we happen to be in at any given time and the
key drivers of that mix. On a going-forward basis, given some of the awards we've talked about to date
and those that are expected in the second half of the year, in particular, those large development efforts
in the Space business, we would anticipate that the cost-plus mix would increase above the 50% level and
that the fixed price would decline. These are figures at the company level as opposed to at any particular
segment level. Of course, cost-plus business, while perhaps more predictable and stable in margin rates
in a typical scenario does tend to be at lower margin rates than our overall fixed price business. And so as
that mix shifts, certainly, we expect it to lead to margin dollar growth. And we'll look to offset a portion of
that impact on overall margins through really strong contract performance, program performance, careful
management of our costs, et cetera. And so that's the overall kind of trend that I think you should be
expecting as we have these large new development programs entering the portfolio.

Operator

Your next question is from Hunter Keay of Wolfe Research. .

Hunter Kent Keay

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Wolfe Research, LLC

Kathy, can you talk about the potential long-term opportunity for NGAD? I realize this is not a new
program concept, but it feels like it's kind of coming into form with the Air Force's Digital Century Series
initiative. So can you help me frame how you're thinking about NGAD opportunity through that lens?

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

So we think about any new development program through a couple of lens. One, do we have a capability
that we can offer a value to the government; and two, should we prime the effort or should we partner
with the effort. And with our business and the opportunity for us to do work both on the platform itself
and to the mission systems, we sometimes make those decisions together and sometimes make them
separately. I would say for Digital Century Series, because of the way it's developing and it's meant to be
incremental and rapid, we continue to look at each increment and make the determination of where we
can best add value. So both our Mission Systems and our Aeronautics sector are engaged in meaningful
dialogue with the Air Force on the program and have work associated with the effort, but these increments
will each represent different opportunities based on the requirements and whether we would play as a
prime at the platform level or as primarily a mission systems provider.

Operator

Your next question is from George Shapiro of Shapiro Research. .

George D. Shapiro
Shapiro Research

Kathy, if you can, I want some more color on the F-35. It was kind of surprising to me that your revenues
are down and Lockheed showed double-digit gain. So is that reflecting the 18 months that you're ahead of
them? Or this quarter was just unique to COVID? Or any additional color you could provide contrasting the
2 different numbers.

David F. Keffer
Corporate VP & CFO

Sure. We won't go so far as to talk about anyone else's results, but we'll give you a sense for ours in the
quarter. There were some COVID impacts on the program in the quarter. We talked about the impacts on
F-35, among other similar programs on our last call and experienced those impacts in the quarter, which
did affect the year-over-year growth rate for the program in the quarter. As Kathy mentioned earlier, the
timing of our business related to F-35 in both the Aeronautics segment and the Mission Systems segment
are different than the prime's timing, given the nature of the work. And so I think you can expect slightly
different kind of trends in those businesses over time, as we've had in the past. I think COVID impacts
were the primary Q2 item of note, though.

Todd B. Ernst
Vice President of Investor Relations

All right. We're at the end of the time here. So I'd like to turn it over to Kathy for some closing comments.

Kathy J. Warden
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, Todd. I'm going to conclude by thanking the Northrop Grumman team for their dedication and
perseverance, which has enabled us to continue to operate so well during this global pandemic. It's taken
innovation, partnership with our suppliers and customers, and just sheer determination. And I'm really
proud of what they have accomplished this quarter and expect it will continue.

I want to wish you and your families continued good health. And thanks for joining us on the call today. I
really look forward to engaging with you in the weeks and months ahead. Take care.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

