Northern Trust Corporation 

NasdaqGS:NTRS
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, January 21, 2021 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.49

1.12

(24.83 %)

1.44

5.88

5.46

(7.14 %)

6.28

1504.08

1532.60

1.90

1521.52

6105.59

6135.20

0.48

6191.10

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-13-2021 1:52 PM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

1.45

1.37

1.38

1.49

1.55

1.46

1.32

1.12

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6.90 %

6.57 %

(4.35 %)

(24.83 %)

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

Mark M. Bette
Senior VP & Director of Investor
Relations

Michael G. O’Grady
Chairman, President & CEO

ANALYSTS

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Brennan Hawken
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Brian Matthew Kleinhanzl
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Glenn Paul Schorr
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

James Francis Mitchell
Seaport Global Securities LLC,
Research Division

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Michael Roger Carrier
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Steven Joseph Chubak
Wolfe Research, LLC

Vivek Juneja
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the Northern Trust Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Today's
conference is being recorded.

At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mark Bette, Director of Investor Relations. Please
go ahead.

Mark M. Bette
Senior VP & Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, Madison. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Northern Trust Corporation's Fourth
Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on our call this morning are Michael O'Grady, our
Chairman and CEO; Jason Tyler, our Chief Financial Officer; Lauren Allnutt, our Controller; and Kelly
Lernihan from our Investor Relations team.

Our fourth quarter earnings press release and financial trends report are both available on our website at
northerntrust.com. Also on our website, you will find our quarterly earnings review presentation, which we
will use to guide today's conference call. This January 21 call is being webcast live on northerntrust.com.
The only authorized rebroadcast of this call is a replay that will be available on our website through
February 18. Northern Trust disclaims any continuing accuracy of the information provided in this call
after today. Now for our safe harbor statement. What we say during today's conference call may include
forward-looking statements which are Northern Trust's current estimates and expectations of future events
or future results.

Actual results, of course, could differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements
because the realization of those results is subject to many risks and uncertainties that are difficult to
predict. I urge you to read our 2019 annual report on Form 10-K and other reports filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission for detailed information about factors that could affect actual results.

During today's question-and-answer session, please limit your initial query to 1 question and 1 related
follow-up. This will allow us to move through the queue and enable as many people as possible the
opportunity to ask questions as time permits. Thank you again for joining us today. Let me turn the call
over to Michael O'Grady.

Michael G. O’Grady
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Mark. Let me join and welcome you to our fourth quarter 2020 earnings call. Amid the ongoing
public health crisis, I hope you and your families are healthy and well. In Northern Trust, we continue to
operate in what we call resiliency mode, which means we're focused on providing our clients continuity
of service while over 90% of our employees worldwide are working remotely. Though challenging, the
transition across each of our businesses has been effective. Throughout 2020, despite the environment,
we've executed on initiatives to continue to drive organic growth within each of our businesses, one of
our key strategic imperatives. Within wealth management, we're steadfast in our commitment to serving
the world's most affluent families and family offices in a holistic and integrated manner across their array
of financial needs, including planning, investments, fiduciary, banking and other capabilities. During the
turbulent year, our goals-based approach allowed our clients to adhere to their investment strategies and
avoid selling into the downturn and realize the recovery within risk assets.

We have adjusted our sales approach to execute our growth strategy during the pandemic through our
digital marketing efforts, including our navigate the now campaign. Through the launch of the Northern
Trust Institute, we will continue to leverage our 130 years of experience and depth of subject matter
expertise for our clients' needs. Our asset management business has seen considerable market share
gains during 2020 within our liquidity products. Our Northern Institutional Government Select fund was

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

named the top-performing government institutional fund of 2020. Beyond our liquidity funds, our quant
active equity mutual funds and factor-based ETFs performed well relative to their peers. We also continue
to see growth in ESG mandates, with assets under management of over $125 billion at year-end, up
30% from the prior year. Our asset servicing business, which did see a deferral in implementation activity
earlier in the year, finished 2020 with strong growth.

Recent notable public wins highlight our success globally and across products and include Pershing Square
Capital Management, Emerald Technology Ventures, Sands Capital Management, Strategic Global Advisors,
First Sentier Investors and Westwood Holdings Group. We continue to invest and expand our asset
servicing solutions in areas such as our front office solutions as well as outsourced trading and foreign
exchange execution. As we move forward in the current and persistent low interest rate environment,
we've accelerated our focus on driving greater efficiencies as well as continuing to grow organically in a
scalable and profitable manner

Finally, I want to express my sincere appreciation for our staff, whose commitment, expertise and
professionalism throughout these extraordinary times has been exceptional. Now let me turn the call to
Jason to review our financial results for the quarter.

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

Thank you, Mike. Let me join Mark and Mike in welcoming you to our fourth quarter 2020 earnings call.
Let's dive into the financial statements of the quarter starting on Page 2.

This morning, we reported fourth quarter net income of $240.9 million. Earnings per share were $1.12,
and our return on average common equity was 8.8%. The quarter's results included the following 3 items.
First, a $55 million severance charge in connection with a reduction in force. This charge relates to actions
we're taking to eliminate approximately 500 positions globally, representing about 2.5% of our staff. This
is in line with our ongoing efforts around productivity and deficiency and expected to result in annual
run rate savings of approximately $50 million on a net basis. Second, we recognized an $11.9 million
occupancy-related expense relating to an early lease exit arising from our workplace real estate strategy.
And lastly, we recognized $26.8 million in tax expense related to the reversal of tax benefits previously
recognized through earnings.

As you can see on the bottom of Page 2, equity markets performed well during the quarter. Recall that a
significant portion of our trust fees are based on a quarter lag or month lag asset levels, and both the S&P
500 and EAFE Local had strong sequential performance-based on those calculations. It's worth noting that
on a year-over-year basis, the EAFE Local index remains negative, which creates an unfavorable impact
for our global fees compared to the prior year. As shown on this page, average 1-month and 3-month
LIBOR rates stabilized during the quarter with only modest declines.

Let's move to Page 3 and review the financial highlights for the fourth quarter. Year-over-year, revenue
was down 2%, with noninterest income up 5% and net interest income down 20%. Expenses increased
7%. The provision for credit losses reflected a release of $2.5 million in the quarter compared to a release
of $1 million in the prior year. Net income was down 35%. In the sequential comparison, revenue grew
3%, with noninterest income and net interest income, both up 3%. Expenses increased 5%, and net
income declined 18%. Return on average common equity was 8.8% for the quarter, down from 14.8% a
year ago and 10.5% in the prior quarter. Assets under custody and administration of $14.5 trillion grew
21% from a year ago and increased 11% on a sequential basis. Assets under custody of $11.3 trillion
grew 22% from a year ago and increased 11% on a sequential basis. Assets under management were
$1.4 trillion, up 14% from a year ago and up 7% on a sequential basis.

Let's look at the results in greater detail starting with revenue on Page 4. Fourth quarter revenue on a
fully taxable equivalent basis was $1.5 billion, down 2% compared to last year and up 3% sequentially.
Trust, investment and other servicing fees, representing the largest component of our revenue, totaled $1
billion and were up 3% from last year and 2% sequentially.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

Foreign exchange trading income was $69 million for the quarter, up 6% year-over-year and up 11%
sequentially. The increase compared to a year ago was driven by higher volumes and higher volatility,
while the sequential growth was primarily driven by higher volumes. Remaining components of noninterest
income totaled $93 million in the quarter, up 32% compared to 1 year ago and up 2% sequentially.

Within that, securities commissions and trading income increased 16% compared to a year ago and
up 24% sequentially. Both the year-over-year and sequential growth were primarily driven by strong
performance within our core brokerage business. Other operating income increased 52% compared to the
prior year and was down 7% sequentially. The increase compared to last year was primarily driven by a
$20.8 million charge in the prior year related to a decision to sell substantially all of the lease portfolio,
partially offset by higher expense relating to Visa swap agreements. The sequential decline was primarily
associated with lower income in the supplemental compensation plans, which also resulted in a related
decrease within other operating expense. Net interest income, which I'll discuss in more detail later, was
$345 million in the fourth quarter, down 20% from 1 year ago and up 3% sequentially.

Let's look at the components of our trust and investment fees on Page 5. For our Corporate and
Institutional Services business, fees totaled $596 million in the fourth quarter and were up 5% year-over-
year and up 2% sequentially. Custody and fund administration fees were $420 million and up 6% year-
over-year and up 6% on a sequential basis. The year-over-year performance was primarily driven by
new business and favorable currency translation, partially offset by unfavorable non-U.S. markets. The
sequential increase was primarily driven by new business, higher transaction volumes, favorable currency
translation as well as favorable markets.

Assets under custody and administration for C&IS clients were $13.7 trillion at quarter end, up 21% year-
over-year and up 11% sequentially. Both the year-over-year and sequential increases were attributable
to new business, favorable markets and favorable currency translation. Investment management fees in
C&IS of $125 million in the fourth quarter were up 8% year-over-year and down 9% sequentially. The
year-over-year growth was primarily driven by new business and favorable markets, partially offset by
money market fee waivers. This sequential decline was primarily driven by higher money market fee
waivers.

Assets under management for C&IS clients were $1.1 billion, up 15% year-over-year and 6% sequentially.
The growth from the prior year was driven by favorable markets, client flows and favorable currency
translation. The sequential growth was driven by favorable markets and currency translation, partially
offset by net outflows. Securities lending fees were $18 million in the quarter, down 22% year-over-
year and down 11% sequentially. Both the year-over-year and sequential declines were driven by lower
spreads. Average collateral levels were up 6% year-over-year and up 4% sequentially.

Moving to our wealth management business. Trust investment and other servicing fees were $430 million
in the fourth quarter and were up 1% compared to the prior year and up 3% sequentially. Both year-over-
year and sequential performance were primarily driven by favorable markets, partially offset by money
market fund fee waivers. Assets under management for our wealth management clients were $348 billion
at quarter end, up 11% year-over-year and up 9% sequentially. Both the year-over-year and sequential
growth were driven by favorable markets and net flows.

Moving to Page 6. Net interest income was $345 million in the fourth quarter and was down 20% from
the prior year. Earning assets averaged $131 billion in the quarter, up 22% versus the prior year. Average
deposits were $115 billion and were up 29% versus the prior year. The net interest margin was 1.05% in
the quarter and was down 54 basis points from a year ago. The net interest margin decreased primarily
to lower interest rates as well as mix shift within the balance sheet. On a sequential quarter basis,
net interest income was up 3%. Average earning assets increased 1% on a sequential basis, while
average deposits were up 2%. The net interest margin increased 2 basis points sequentially, primarily
due to balance sheet mix and lower costs, partially offset by lower asset yields. Net interest income
also benefited in the quarter from approximately $5 million in nonrecurring benefits relating to the FTE
adjustment and interest recovery on nonaccrual loans.

Turning to Page 7. Expenses were $1.2 billion in the fourth quarter and were 7% higher than the prior
year and 5% higher sequentially. The current quarter included a $55 million severance charge related

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

to a reduction in force and an $11.9 million increase associated with an early lease exit arising from our
workplace real estate strategy. Expense during the prior quarter included a $43.4 million charge related
to a corporate action processing error. Excluding these items in each period, expenses were up 1% year-
over-year and up 3% sequentially.

Compensation expense totaled $525 million in the quarter and included $52.5 million in severance-related
charges. Excluding the charge, compensation was up 2% from both the year ago and sequentially. The
year-over-year growth was primarily driven by higher salary expense due to staff growth, base pay
adjustments and unfavorable currency translation, partially offset by lower incentives. The sequential
growth was driven by salaries and higher incentives. Employee benefits expense to $102 million was up
10% from 1 year ago and up 5% sequentially. The year-over-year increase was primarily related to higher
pension expense. The sequential increase was driven primarily by higher medical costs.

Outside services expense was $208 million in the quarter and included $2.5 million related to severance
charges. Excluding the charge, outside services expense was flat compared to the prior year and up 11%
sequentially. The sequential increase was primarily due to higher technical services, legal and consulting
services and third-party advisory fees. Equipment and software expense of $176 million was up 7%
from 1 year ago and up 3% sequentially. The year-over-year growth reflected higher depreciation and
amortization as well as higher software support costs, partially offset by lower software disposition costs.
The sequential increase was driven by increases in software disposition, software support and amortization
costs.

Occupancy expense of $67 million for the quarter included the previously mentioned $11.9 million
occupancy charge. Excluding this item, the category was down 4% compared to the prior year and up 7%
sequentially. The year-over-year decline was driven by lower rent as well as lower building depreciation
and real estate taxes. The sequential increase is primarily driven by higher building operation costs and
real estate taxes.

Other operating expense of $72 million was down 18% from 1 year ago and down 43% sequentially.
Excluding the prior quarter's $43.4 million charge, costs were down 14% sequentially. The year-over-
year comparison was primarily driven by lower expense related to business promotional activities. The
sequential comparison was impacted by higher costs associated with the Northern Trust sponsored golf
tournament in the prior quarter and lower costs associated with supplemental compensation plans.

Turning to the full year. Our results in 2020 are summarized on Page 8. Net income was $1.2 billion, down
19% compared to 2019, and earnings per share were $5.46, down 18% from the prior year. On the right
margin of this page, we outline the nonrecurring impacts that we called out for both years. We achieved a
return on equity for the year of 11.2% compared to 14.9% in 2019.

Full year revenue and expense trends are outlined on Page 9. Trust investment and other servicing
fees grew 4% in 2020. The growth during the year was primarily driven by new business and favorable
markets, partially offset by the impact of money market fee waivers. Foreign exchange trading income
grew 16%, driven by increases in market volatility and higher client volumes. Net interest income declined
14%. Average earning assets during the period increased by 16%, while the net interest margin declined
41 basis points due to lower interest rates. The net result was flat overall revenue in 2020 compared to
2019. On a reported basis, expenses were up 5% from the prior year. Adjusting for the expense items
noted in both years, expenses were up 3% from 2019.

Turning to Page 10. Our capital ratios remain strong, with our common equity Tier 1 ratio of 12.8% under
the standardized approach and 13.4% under the advanced approach. Our Tier 1 leverage ratio was 7.6%
under both the standardized and advanced approaches. During the fourth quarter, we declared cash
dividends of $0.70 per share, totaling $147 million to common stockholders.

Looking back at 2020, showed the importance of a strong capital base and liquidity profile to support
our clients' needs. We continue to provide our clients with the exceptional service and solution expertise
they've come to expect. As we begin the new year, our competitive positioning in wealth management,
asset management and asset servicing continues to resonate well in the marketplace. Thank you again for

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

participating in Northern Trust's fourth quarter earnings conference call today. Mark, Mike, Lauren and I
would be happy to answer any of your questions.
Madison, please open the lines.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll go ahead and take our first question from Glenn Schorr with Evercore.

Glenn Paul Schorr
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I appreciate you noted the 4% trust fee growth in 2020, some of that's market, some of that's new
business. And in the press release, you referred to the growth agenda. I wonder if you could just revisit
what reasonable expectations in reasonable markets, whatever that means, could be for trust fee growth
over the coming years and where your investments are made under this -- are being made under this
growth agenda. I appreciate that.

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

Sure, Glenn. So let me start on the growth side and separate the business and the 2 reported segments
and maybe touch on asset management as well. In C&IS, the quarter and frankly, the year reflected
good growth. And you see 6% sequential growth from a trust fee perspective in C&IS, 1 point of that 6
comes from more macro factors between currency markets, but 5 points of that 6 come from good growth
in the business. And that said, I'd provide a little caution there by splitting that 5% in half and saying,
about 2.5% coming from what you would think of as very traditional trust fee growth. It's more ongoing
in nature and then about 2.5% coming from items that are more onetime in nature. And so that could
be true-ups on pricing and transaction-related volumes that we would necessarily consider predictive of
what's going forward. But certainly, we viewed the fourth quarter for C&IS as onboarding significant new
business. There are a couple of very significant pieces of new business onboarded there and the pipeline in
the short run still feels good.

And the shift to wealth management and think about the growth there, the business did an outstanding
job, I think, of engaging with clients over the course of the year, the growth there and this is fine. This
is the nature of that financial model. It came more from growth in equity markets over the course of the
year. It was a very odd year for onboarding new clients in wealth. And so we'll see what that looks like
going forward, but couldn't feel stronger about how the group did from client interaction over the course of
the year. And then a difficult one to predict is asset management. We obviously had extraordinary growth
into the money market mutual funds. And it's anybody's guess how long that stays on. And whether or
not we see a shift back to more risk on transactions or not and what the growth looks like there. But I also
have to say the business is working on other elements as well to try and bring organic growth into the
business.

You asked about where we're investing as well, and there are several areas. Each of the businesses has
their own view of where they're investing. And you see some of those coming to fruition in different areas,
but one constant theme across the company is digital. And you'll see in every aspect of the business, how
we're trying to ensure we're connecting better with clients in our digital engagement. And you see that
show up in the income statement in a couple of different line items in outside services and equipment
software, for example.

Glenn Paul Schorr
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I appreciate all of that. My one tiny follow-up is if you could just give a little more color on the wealth
management fee is only up 1%. I know we have some lag pricing coming and the fourth quarter was up
huge. But just curious what might be holding back on the fees even without adding new accounts, markets
are good. Just curious for little more color.

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

Sure. Well, you hit on a key item, which is there's a lag that takes place there. And then secondly, I
think it's a little harder for you to see, but we did have positive flows in the fourth quarter in the wealth
business, which was good. And I do think even if you said we were going to go through this environment
of not being able to be in front of clients a lot. And it's just -- it's very, very difficult to test the growth
in the wealth business based on what we went through this year in terms of how we're interacting
with clients. I would say that the overall trends of clients using us for deposits and also the flows we
saw, particularly in fourth quarter, I think everyone got more attuned with doing normal business more
electronically and more virtually is a relatively positive sign.

Operator

We'll go ahead and take our next question from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

So maybe building on Glenn's question also a little bit. In the past, you guys have talked about fee growth
kind of aligning with expense growth. You've announced a couple of, obviously, expense cutting initiatives
that should help 2021, maybe even trickle down into 2022. The markets are obviously a big helper. So
help us understand maybe how that relationship should progress through 2021. And maybe you can talk
to that both sort of including the tailwinds for markets and excluding that, meaning that if fees are up,
including the benefit of the market, how much of that will naturally trickle down into higher expenses? And
are you still kind of targeting organic expense growth to mimic organic fee growth excluding the market?
So a couple of things in there, but I can clarify if it's not 100%, but maybe we can start there.

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

I'm going to take the theme as operating leverage and organic growth. And you tell me if I hit on too little.
So first of all, as I think back on the year, and we've been talking about it internally. One of the things
that jumps out is we did have -- it was a positive year in terms of fee operating leverage. And if you look
at the last few years, you go back to 2017, '18, '19, '20, we -- it was relatively close to 0, which actually
isn't bad because over time, we'll get market lift. But in 2017, we had adjusted operating -- fee operating
leverage, it was positive about 0.7, 2018 was plus 1.6, 2019 was negative 0.5, 2020 was actually positive
1.6.

And then if you unwrap the quarters within 2020, third quarter plus 2 points and fourth quarter was plus
4, which is one of the best quarters, maybe the best quarter we've had since we started tracking this
number this closely over the last 5 years or so. But I can appreciate that from your perspective, people
are always trying to -- how do we match that to what we would expect on the income statement. And so
let me just flip to the supplement, flip to the press release tables and go to the detail, the year-over-year
detail, which is in Page 1 of the supplement. And let's just -- I think it might be helpful for people to circle
a couple of items. This is how I think about the quarter and the overall run rate in hindsight.

If you take trust fees of $1,026 million last year, take out -- let's exclude sec lending, so take out $17.6
million, take out waivers of $23.5 million. And we had market lift 0 and C&IS is probably 10 to 15 in
wealth and so you get to about a [ 10, 20 ] number. And then you compare that to 2019. And for the
quarter, take out sec lending again, and you get something like $970 million. And so the growth is more
like $970 million to $1020 million. That's 500 basis points of growth and that gets more to how we look at
it. And then you compare that to the expenses, do the same type of analysis and take the $1151 million,
take out the $55 million in severance we talked about, take out the $12 million in real estate, and you get
to $1084 million. And then compare that to the $1072 million, it's more like 1 point.

And so those are the line items, I think, to look at and to kind of do an analysis to -- at least you're
getting closer to how we think about it. And by the way, I didn't even add in how we move from the
reported to the organic numbers on the expense side. And there's things like third-party advisory fees
and other stuff, which we take out. But that's how we track internally. Those are the first numbers we're
looking at. So hopefully, that's helpful in getting at the spirit of what you're asking.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Yes. No, it definitely helps. I was thinking that maybe we can talk a little bit more kind of prospectively
as you think about 2021 and I know you guys are not in the business of giving explicit guidance, but
obviously, there's some cost initiatives that are in play. And I'm just kind of trying to think about like given
normal market conditions, given your sort of views on the pipeline and the organic growth into '21, what is
the outlook for expense growth, maybe a little more explicitly?

Michael G. O’Grady
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Alex, it's Mike. Why don't I jump in here as well, just to build on what Jason said. To your point,
we do look at that relationship between organic fee growth and then our expense growth. And when
we see that the environment is making it more challenging on the organic fee growth side, absolutely
need to focus more on the expense to make sure that we have that positive relationship. And as Jason
went through, we were able to achieve that in 2020. Now again, very unusual year, I would say, on both
sides of that relationship. But that's what we're looking at going into the next year. Now if we have the
opportunity to grow faster organically and profitably, then we'll look to do that. But not knowing that,
we don't want to go in with higher expense expectations and then have another year where it's very
unpredictable as to your ability to onboard that new business. So that absolute -- the relationship holds,
and it's just in different environments, you have to tack differently.

Operator

All right. We'll go ahead and take our next question from Brennan Hawken with UBS.

Brennan Hawken
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I just wanted to revisit the outlook on the fee waivers and the NII. I know there's a good deal of
uncertainty, and it's always subject to what's happening to rates, particularly on the short end. But I
believe, Jason, you had updated the guide to the upper end of around $35 million. I think the range was
$25 million to $35 million and you said tacking to the upper end of that on the waivers front. And so I just
was curious whether or not we should assume that, that holds since you didn't update it. And then you
also have in the past said that -- I think you had said that you expected NII to be generally stable from
4Q levels, of course, depending on what happens with loan growth. So is that still true? And how are you
thinking about loan growth from here?

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

So let me take those, I think, 3 questions. So on waivers, the $35 million run rate is pretty good. And I
think from here, it's less about what we can see internally from repricing, and it's more what you guys can
see externally from what's happened in the short end of the yield curve. So overnight repo and what is the
short end of the curve look like and AUM. And so I think for the run rate on an annual basis right now is
140 to 150. And that we expect to hold in. The book is effectively 100%. It's 98%, 99%, 100% repriced at
this point. And so from here, it's those factors that I mentioned that -- and I think the key is to be careful
and ensure you realize that, that disparity between C&IS and wealth and where the waivers are hitting.
Because the wealth waivers -- because the wealth fee rates are -- tend to be higher, they got into waiver
land first but the AUM isn't as high. And so now that rates have come all the way down and the duration
isn't protective anymore, the waivers are actually going to be heavier in C&IS. And the relationship is not
linear. There are step functions in the middle because you've got some very large funds that kick in at
certain levels right around where we're investing right now. But those are the key things I'd want you to
keep in mind as you try and model out waivers.

On NII, we did mention there's probably $5 million of the $345 million that was more onetime in nature.
And so from there, I think actually a very similar theme to what I talked about on waivers. From this point
forward, it's pretty predictable the things that -- we've communicated things we can see, which are that

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

we're running off of $1 billion to $2 billion a quarter at about 100 basis point delta. And so that gets you
$3 million, $4 million, $5 million of drag, about 1.5 maybe on a sequential basis. And that has been offset
over the last couple of quarters by deposit levels hanging in higher than what we thought of -- than what
we thought and also loans hanging in higher than we thought.

You'll also notice, in this quarter, there's a little bit of a shift from the money from Central Bank deposits
into the securities portfolio. Nothing dramatic there, but that was also somewhat protective. And that will
stay going forward. And so from here, the key things are what do you think is going to happen with loan
volume? What do you think is going to happen with deposits? And what do you think is going to -- and
then also, we're obviously losing 2 days coming from fourth quarter to first, which is probably $3 million,
$4 million a day.

And then you asked about loan growth. And it's been a positive surprise that loans have held in there.
It's something we've talked about internally. We've been working on and making sure that we're talking
to clients about our appetite. And what our hold levels and interest levels are. And again, clients tend to
come to us for liquidity. And there's some correlation between the deposits and the loans for sure. And so
that's been a positive that it's held in, and it's been one of the offsets to that continued drag of 1 point or
so a quarter.

Brennan Hawken
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Okay. Great. That's all helpful color. I appreciate that, Jason. So when we think about organic growth,
you walked through in response to an earlier question, you walked through some of the rates and some
of the -- how the profile has looked, which is helpful. Is the back half of the year more like what we
should expect, kind of like a 2% to 4% organic? Does that seem like something that you guys can hold
in this weird environment that we are all stuck dealing with for a little longer, I guess? Is that the way we
should think about it from here? And just kind of as a tack on for that, I think you guys had said those in
nonrecurring servicing fee and wealth. So if it's possible to quantify that, that would be great, too. Thanks
for my multipart questions here.

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

Sure. So the nonrecurring servicing fee and wealth, it was a couple of million dollars and just has to do
with some -- it's typical business for us. State settlement type work and other items. There's a couple real
estate-related items, but I think a couple of million dollars.

On organic growth broadly, I think you can go back to separating it. C&IS, Pete Cherecwich would say
that part of what we experienced in the fourth quarter, part of it was a catch-up of some of the new
business we had that was in the one not funded category. And so certainly shouldn't expect 6% sequential
continued increases there. But that said, the pipe -- and we had said earlier in the year that we felt like
the pipeline had been delayed but not cut off. And so this fourth quarter was not super surprising to us
and that we were able to get onboarded a lot of the new business that we -- that had been delayed. And
so that's good. The other piece of good news is the near-term pipeline, their view it still seems decent.
And that said, the longer term pipeline, they're paranoid about and so that's just something to watch.

On the wealth side, it's more of a continued story underneath the numbers that you see there. GFO
continues to have -- to expect the business to do pretty well. And the East region continues to do pretty
well, not necessarily quarter-to-quarter but over longer periods of time. And then you see the other
regions that are in more mature not doing -- and not having the same migrational benefits that the East
region does because that includes Florida and the development of wealth on the East Coast, not as robust.
And so it will be interesting to see whether or not the experience we had in 2020 of not being able to be in
front of clients how much impact that had in suppressing organic growth.

Brennan Hawken
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

That's helpful. And you found some paranoid salespeople. That's remarkable. Usually they're optimists.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

Well, that's a very optimistic group, but they're always making sure that we're not baking in too much on
the back end.

Operator

All right. We can go ahead and take our next question from Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research.

Steven Joseph Chubak
Wolfe Research, LLC

I just wanted to dig in a little bit to some of the organic growth commentary, particularly on the wealth
side. So you stated the positive flow trends in 4Q by taking a step back, the organic growth in the wealth
business, it was much more tepid since the start of COVID. And then maybe it's a little bit tough to
reconcile given some of your wealth peers [indiscernible] greater focus on less affluent cohorts. We're
seeing some acceleration over the past few months across both the wirehouse and independent channels.
I know the idiosyncratic factors that drive some divergence in organic growth trends. But can you give us
some insight in terms of what we should be looking for as the economic recovery continues amid vaccine
deployment, just to better anticipate the timing of organic growth getting back to a more normalized run
rate?

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

Yes, I think it's hard to predict. I think it will -- a lot of it will depend on how things open up again. And
I think it's also important to keep in mind and I don't know specifically the peers you're talking about at
all. We do -- we're targeting a client base that's really at the upper end. And imagine, unplugging the --
getting the comfort level, the confidence level to unplug potentially generations of connectivity with a
family office from a custody perspective, from an investment management perspective and putting that
back in place again. And so, again, the business had -- it is lower but positive flows for the quarter, for the
year. And so we're all looking and monitoring and seeing what it looks like, but not surprising that in this
environment, some of the organic growth maybe not look as strong as what it has been historically. And
Mike, I don't know if you want to add any perspective from your end.

Michael G. O’Grady
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Just -- I think it's a fair and appropriate question, Steven. And when you think about fee growth
for wealth management, as you know, there's a number of drivers in that overall fee number. And so if
you break it down a little bit for us, there's an advisory component to it, and then there's the investment
management fee component to it as well. So right there, you can have different dynamics within that. So
Jason saying, we've been building the business but you could have -- and that will drive the advisory fee.
But on the investment product side, if you will, where they're utilizing Northern Trust product and others
because we're open architecture, that will have a dynamic as to what's happening to the overall wealth
management fees.

And again, our approach with our clients, as Jason has pointed out, is to give them a holistic approach
to this and outcome, so through different environments, that's going to have a different impact on what
the outcomes are for that mix. And then beyond that, I would say that's just the fee component. Again,
these are holistic relationships that involve banking as well. And so there's always going to be shift there
between what they put into funds versus what may go on the balance sheet, situations where they're
borrowing more. Credit is a bigger component. And those are important as well. We focus a lot on fees for
the right reason. But overall, the relationships are much broader, and we're looking to drive those fee lines
or revenue lines as well.

Steven Joseph Chubak
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

And just for my follow-up, I wanted to ask on capital management. Now that you had some of your Trust
bank peers actually outline some pretty explicit capital targets either somewhere in the zone of 10% to
11% CET1 or 5.5% to 6% Tier 1 leverage target. I know you never want to deviate in the past despite
not being part of the GSIB cohort. And assuming how strong your capital ratios are, as we think about the
sub framework, potentially this payout restriction getting lifted, hopefully in the not-so-distant future, how
you guys are thinking about the pace of buyback and capital return when some of those restrictions are
ultimately lifted?

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

From a capital perspective, in aggregate, you're right at 12.8% CET1, and at 7.6% on Tier 1 leverage,
we feel strong in terms of -- and by any measure in terms of our capital levels. And we certainly -- if
you think about our overall payout ratio for last year, it was in particularly the last 3 quarters, lower than
what we would have anticipated. But coming into the year and having the ability to get back to stock
repurchase, I'm a broken record on this, but the framework of what are our conversations with the Board.
Secondly, what do we think about on an absolute basis? And how do we want to ensure we're competing
externally, not just being at strong capital levels, but how does that resonate with very large family
office clients or sovereign wealth funds that look very, very heavily at whether or not they're dealing with
financial institutions that are strong. What do the capital levels look like on a relative basis. So we can say
we're not just strong, but we're strong relative to our peers.

And then last, regulators, very big influence in terms of what they're looking for. And so that -- all that is
a mosaic that plays in along with looking at what our return alternatives are as we think about investing
in the business. We talked about what we're doing in terms of digital. We've talked about what we're
doing in terms of building different, more technologically deep operating models for our C&IS business.
We've done things within the asset management business to ensure that we could have the product set
and the technology to be a strong provider of liquidity products that took investment 2, 3, 4 years ago.
And you couple all that with looking at what -- how we think about the stock on a relative basis from a
valuation perspective. And so it's not one where we say we're going to go down to 12% or we're going to
go down to 7% in Tier 1 leverage, it really truly is a conversation. We're looking at all of the factors I just
mentioned and determining what's best from a capital perspective.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll go ahead and take our next question from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo
Securities.

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Look, you need to spend money to make money. I get it. And your core fee growth is about 500 basis
points better than Trust bank peers. But on the other hand, expenses were up across the board. And so
I guess the first question is, was there any extra onetime or elevated expenses in the fourth quarter as
you onboarded additional business? And specifically, in the punch line, do you expect to have fee growth in
2021 faster than expense growth, especially with lag pricing on a lot of your products?

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

Well, on the expense side, there were some onetime items that the severance charge $55 million of
occupancy, specifically related to the new business coming on, the timing of that matters. And particularly
as you bring on very, very large clients, some of the clients, if it's just a custody mandate, that may not
require us bringing on additional people. If it's investment outsourcing, investment operations outsourcing,
then that's going to take people. And it will take people upfront in advance so they can get onboarded and
trained in advance of us bringing the assets on and billing. And so that can certainly happen.

That's the dynamic that -- that's why we tend to not think about an absolute expense growth level
because we can have the foresight and looking at what the new business wins are and what the expense

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

needs are to handle that intra-year unless it's coming at the very beginning or the very end of the year.
And so as we look into 2020, and as what Mike was hinting at earlier -- end of 2021, is what Mike was
hinting at earlier, our expense experience is going to be driven in very large part based on what we're on
onboarding, not just the size of it but the nature of it. I think that's something that -- it's very important
for people externally to realize.

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

So are you -- I know you don't always answer this question. But for 2021, do you expect fee growth to be
faster than expense growth?

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

That's -- and that's always -- that's the goal. And that's what we spent a lot of time even this morning
talking about that, that if we have regardless of where fee growth is, that's how we're testing what the
expense growth is. Now there are often items on the expense lines that are not related to what the --
to bring on new business. And so last year, we had to -- we brought on $30 million in additional pension
expense. That has to do with what's the expected return on assets, what's discount rate, those are not
related. But we actually highlighted those items last year. We talked about real estate commitments, we
talked about pension, and we talked about base pay adjustment that we committed to last year. And this
year, as we come into this year, we're -- it's probably noteworthy that we're not saying any of those items.

Pension is $1 million drag year-over-year. And I think you can take the occupancy that we had in fourth
quarter, strip out the $12 million and you get to a decent run rate. And you should see between comp and
ben, you should start to see the RIF charges that we've talked about start to bed into those 2 line items.
And then the other thing we should expect before we get to new business, the equipment and software
that's been a faster growth item. And that's likely going to continue as we make sure where we want to be
from a digital perspective and outside services. And so from there, Mike, it comes down to -- from those
items, it really comes down to what new business comes on board.

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. And can I have a follow-up question, and this is related to the question from a couple of questions
ago. If you think of the food chain, and you can correct this framework that I'm going to give you, but
from the low end to the high end, the low end would be, maybe it's Robinhood or some of these smaller
fintechs with a small amount, huge retail engagement, lots of revenues, some reports say that New York
Stock Exchange volume has gone from 10% to 20% in retail trading. So that would be the bottom end.
Then you get online brokers, you get mass affluent, you get private banking and you get the family office.
And as you go from left to right, you go from more revenues today, more activity during the pandemic and
more erratic, more lumpy. And when we get to your business, it's a lot more stable, it's like, but maybe
not as elevated revenues as it is today. So as you think about the advice business, is it moving more down
market? And do you need to move down market with it? Or some of the activity down market over the
past 6 or 9 months is kind of one-off?

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

Yes. Actually, it's a conversation we have a lot internally. I don't know, Mike, why don't you?

Michael G. O’Grady
Chairman, President & CEO

I want to start. Mike, first of all, I'd say I would agree with your framework at a very high level as you
think of that kind of low to high and the characteristics as you move up that spectrum. And you're
absolutely right. We are focused on the upper end of that spectrum. And one point that it highlights is,
I'll say, both the importance of retention, but also the benefits of retention. So I'm not going to speak to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

turnover what may happen on the lower end because, again, that's not where our business is focused. But
I can tell you on the higher end, you have time periods like 2020, where that model of holistic advice and
high level of service results in very high levels of retention. So excellent year in retention at that level. But
if you said was there a lot of trading activity with it? The answer is no. In fact, as you heard some of my
opening comments there, that's exactly what we, I would say, counseled our clients against because we're
goals driven. And so instead of trading out and then trying to get back in, it resulted in our clients actually
doing well through that because they stuck to their goals driven framework.

And then to your point of, well, then how do we think about the growth opportunity going forward, there's
still a significant opportunity for us to grow at the upper end of that. So you put GFO at the top, as Jason
pointed out, that part of the business has been growing at a high rate for us. And again, we think we are
differentiated at that end. And then absolutely, I'll call it, below that, with ultra-high net worth, likewise,
seeing very good growth, continued growth there and still plenty of opportunities because as much as
just kind of leave that lower end aside for the time being, even in the environment that we're in, there's
a tremendous amount of wealth that's being created. That means that there are opportunities for us,
whether that's family businesses being sold or companies going public and the executives being in a
position of having wealth that needs to be managed in a way that we do it. So we still feel very good
about that part. And it's not to say that we don't service clients that are below that ultra-high net worth
end of the market. And frankly, that's where a lot of the digitalization efforts that we have underway in
wealth will allow us to serve that part of the market, but in a much more efficient way. And so that will
enable that growth in that part of the market to be more profitable, more scalable.

Operator

We'll go ahead and take our next question from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

A bit of a follow-up there. In the past, you've mentioned that your open to acquisitions, particularly in
wealth and intermediary distribution. And I just wanted to understand level of appetite at this stage given
some of the organic opportunities you have. And then maybe layering onto that capabilities when you
talk about wealth creation and I'm kind of sitting here thinking about, well, crypto has got a lot of wealth
creation, and maybe there's a sleeve there that you could add. So maybe you could speak to that.

Michael G. O’Grady
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure. I'll take that, Betsy, it's Mike. So to your point, historically, our acquisitions have focused on
capabilities and that's been across the businesses. So asset management, wealth management and asset
servicing, we've done a number of capability type acquisitions, which then we're able to leverage that
capability in our business model and grow. And there's a number of examples of that. For that type of
acquisition, you're right. We continue to look at areas where those types of additions will enable us to
further grow with client bases, and importantly, in segments that are growing faster. So I'm not -- I won't
address any one of them in particular. But to your point, that can be very small, either acquisitions or
investments, for example, in C&IS, where we have a capability that's in an area that has innovative new
technology. And then I would say more broadly than that as far as just appetite, absolutely, to the extent
we find something that fits strategically and is attractive financially, we're open and interested in doing
that. We've done more, as you know, over time, in C&IS, on the asset servicing side. And I would say we'd
be more interested or likely to do it in asset management or wealth management.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

And just on the crypto side, I mean, there's been some -- most competitors adding crypto capability and
talking about potentially adding. Is that on your radar screen or still out there?

Michael G. O’Grady
Chairman, President & CEO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

Definitely, from a capability perspective. You've seen some of the things that we've announced in order
to have the capability to serve our clients. So to the extent that digital assets continue to grow and in the
sense of used by not just, call it, personal or retail clients, but also moves more to institutional clients.
Those are institutions we need to have the capabilities to serve them. And so yes, both, I would say, on
our own, but more importantly, partnering with others to be able to meet those needs.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

And does it take a regulatory requirement change at all to do that? I know that OCC recently approved
stablecoins for banks, which maybe is a part of the announcement you need, but I'm just wondering from
a regulatory perspective, is there anything you need from that end to execute on that?

Michael G. O’Grady
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, I would just say, without getting into the specifics around digital assets and the regulatory
framework on that, but it is a component. And so from our perspective, I'll call it, there's a technical or
technological aspect of it. There's a service aspect of it and how does it fit with other things we're doing
for those clients. And then to your point, there's a regulatory aspect. And then I would also say there's a
financial aspect to it. So how can you be compensated for the ability to provide, for example, custody for
those types of assets.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Right. Yes. Okay. Back to real-world deposits [indiscernible] real world, but the bread and butter here on
balance sheet. Could you just talk a little bit about how you're thinking about managing deposit inflow?
We've heard from some folks that bringing on whether it's operating or nonoperating deposits and others
have been signaling that they really only want the operating deposits and will discourage nonoperating.
Can you tell us what your strategy is there as we think about balance sheet growth over the next year?

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

I come back to the capital levels at 12.8% and maybe more importantly at 7.6% that we've got room to
bring on deposits with -- and we want our balance sheet to be there for clients. And so when we get --
reach out to clients saying, we want to move. And sometimes, it's very significant. Sometimes it's not
millions of dollars or 100s, sometimes it's billions of dollars. And for existing long-term clients, we want
to have capacity to help them, and we have. In terms of how we deal with it, it's oftentimes, they'll let us
know that it's episodic. It's them moving money. They might be liquidating a position going somewhere
else. And so there's no formula for -- and so we're not going to take 2 year duration on reinvesting those
deposits.

And that said, there's a component where we do know it's more stable. And so if you look at the balance
sheet, back to the press release tables, it's actually -- you can look at a handful of the line items and see
how the deposits that have come in, really, roughly half have gone to central banks and stayed short.
And about half have gone and been reinvested more in the securities portfolio in one way or another, not
out -- if it's an institutional deposit, and it seems from the nature of your question, you understand the
different regulatory treatment of the deposits as they come in. And so we have to hold liquidity and capital
for those. But in many instances, it's been -- it's enabled us to take the securities portfolio from $50 billion
to $60 billion over the last year.

Operator

We'll go ahead and take our next question from Mike Carrier with Bank of America.

Michael Roger Carrier
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

Just a few cleanups here. I think the core tax rate in the quarter is a bit elevated. I think you guys
mentioned in the release somewhere like the mix. But any change, just how you're thinking about the
outlook there?

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

No. In general, we've been able to move some of the cash, if I understand the question, some of the cash
down into the securities portfolio.

Mark M. Bette
Senior VP & Director of Investor Relations

No, on the tax rate, the 28% in the quarter versus 24%.

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

Thank you. Yes. So the tax rate that was printed was higher. Obviously, you take that out, you get back
down to 20% to 28%. The difference between 28% and 24% more episodic. It's not something that we
think is longer term. We think 24% is still the right number in the long run. That said, I'll say, the fourth
quarter can be -- even within that 24%, fourth quarter can be a tick higher than the 24%. Usually, you'll
have first quarter that's a little bit lower. And then second, third, fourth quarter for different reasons to
tick higher, but 24% over the course of the year, is still a good number in the long run.

Michael Roger Carrier
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Okay. Makes sense. And then in the release, you guys mentioned some nonrecurring fees just in wealth
management during the quarter. If you could just explain those or maybe the magnitude since you
highlighted it.

Michael G. O’Grady
Chairman, President & CEO

Mark, why don't you take?

Mark M. Bette
Senior VP & Director of Investor Relations

Yes. Mike, it's Mark. A couple million was basically the number, and it's for the types of services that might
not be a recurring thing, estate services, real estate services, that kind of thing. So -- and those were a
little bit more elevated this quarter that helped some of the sequential growth.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Just maybe back to net interest revenue. Just if you could comment on the trend into 1Q, given we did
see a big spike in deposits. I know that's typical of calendar year-end. Maybe just to talk about deposit
balances on an average basis, whether they're trending, if they are trending higher into 1Q? And then also
on the loan strategy, both -- first of all, have the loans fully repriced now given the resets, I know there's
something that are lagged. And then just your desire to need to extend more loans and on that trend into
1Q for net interest revenue, do you think that can offset the day count and keep NIR flat in 1Q versus 4Q?

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

I will start at the end, loans are 85% repriced at this point. And as I work my way back up and let me
know if I missed part of the question, but walking from fourth quarter to first quarter, the loan balances
and deposit balances have stayed elevated relative to where they were a year ago for sure. And -- but
don't -- I think I really want to caution people to look at fourth quarter, at the fourth quarter end of
period, that it's a particularly large spike that we had at the end of fourth quarter. And we did see that
spike come down very quickly. And so it's a better predictor is looking at the average from fourth quarter
and the average from fourth quarter to the average so far coming into first quarter, it seems the deposits
are staying elevated at about that level. But just caution you from looking at how that $171 billion balance
sheet at quarter end.

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

And given those trends, do you think you could keep NII flat in 1Q and offset the day count? I know that's
about $3 million per day headwind, $3 million to $4 million per day headwind on just the day count.

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

And that's right. I feel -- we probably -- we've given, I think, what we know at this point and the drivers
from what we just went through are going to be more how do large families and how do large institutions
handle liquidity and what happens with rates. And I think that's -- I think you guys can monitor, guess at
that pretty -- it's close to what we can. It's just hard for -- we wanted to be as transparent as possible
on this, but there's just uncertainty that comes from what our clients are doing with their liquidity and it
happened late in the quarter. And so at this point, I feel like we've -- the description of how much of the
securities portfolio is rolling off, what the impact of that is probably gives you the starting point that we
have from this point.

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. Fair enough. And then just one on expenses. You talked a lot about it, thanks for all the detail
on the plan to continue to generate positive operating leverage. If I look at the expense trust fee ratio
and back out the money market fee waivers, it looks like 103%, which is an improvement from 106%
to 107% last year. If you had to guess, if you just take your normal or your sort of expected organic
growth over the long term you'd say 8% equity market returns on an annual basis and given your expense
management plans on a calendar year basis, when do you think you might be able to get to parity
between expenses and trust fees under those scenarios?

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

A couple of things. One, it's not necessarily a specific goal to get to 100%. And we want to get there,
we want to get going past it, and there's no magic between 101 versus 99. Secondly, there are so
many factors that go into what you just said and what type of business is coming in from a trust
fee perspective? How much of it is driven by markets? Are we growing from investment operations
outsourcing versus custody versus wealth? And so that's how we've tried to give you a good launch point
on expenses and then give very firm dynamics of what the key drivers are, but that's probably where we
should leave what our predictions are over the course of the longer periods of time.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Jim Mitchell with Seaport Global Securities.

James Francis Mitchell
Seaport Global Securities LLC, Research Division

Jason, maybe if you could just give us a sense of -- we've talked -- we all kind of know what the downside
risks are in NII. And it doesn't -- and I think if we just exclude the idea of the Fed raising rates, maybe
we could just speak to what other drivers could be more positive, I guess, for NII going forward. Is it kind

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

of a steepening in the middle of the curve? Is it mortgage rates and the impact on premium am or is it
loan growth? Just trying to think through how we should think about upside risks to NII over the next 12
months?

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

Yes. So you hit on -- I think 2 of those 3 examples are the big ones. And if you get -- right now, if you
look at the yield curve, it's interesting, there's not been any movement out for the kind of overnight
through 2 years. And so it hasn't really helped us. But if you look out farther, at kind of 5 to 10, that's
where you've seen the lift, but we're not buying a lot in between there in that space. And so if we have
some of that steepness start to come, not even overnight, but if it starts to hit 2, 3, 4 years, that starts to
change things. And then secondly, loan growth. You think about the difference we have in yield, in loans
versus even the securities portfolio, let alone central bank deposits, really, really large. So those are really
the 2 big items.

Operator

And we'll take our next question from Brian Kleinhanzl with KBW.

Brian Matthew Kleinhanzl
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

First question on expenses. I guess, in the quarter, is there still any trailing impact from COVID that would
have impacted the numbers this quarter?

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

It's slowed down a lot. We had some items early. And by the way, it goes both ways. I mean, please
remember, like travel is -- and I tried to highlight it in the opening comments by pausing more, but the
business promotion expenses being down, that's COVID related and it's -- and that's material. And that
will start to revert hopefully, as things open back up again. And then there are also other savings, even
cleaning millions of square feet of office space that we've been able to save. And so there's -- that said,
the flip side to it is that we continue to make investments on the resiliency environment that Mike hinted
to in his opening comments.

And so that means getting fresh equipment in the hands of existing partners. It means making sure that
the technology package that new partners have enables them to work in a work from home basis that's
more consistent. And so that said, I don't think those investments at this point. And those investments
aren't tens of millions of dollars. The one area that you might connect to this is that we want to make sure
that our technology, because of being in a resiliency mode, we're continuing this journey of ensuring we're
doing a lot from a technology perspective, and we do link that somewhat to being in this resiliency period
time.

Brian Matthew Kleinhanzl
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

And then a separate question on the loan growth. I mean, a lot of the peers are seeing down loans in the
quarter. Just deleveraging in general, you're seeing your loans hold in. I guess what's the driver of the
loan growth there? And you kind of expect loan growth to continue to improve as you look out to 2021?

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

Yes. Well, a couple of things I mentioned earlier that we have been spending more -- some of it is
deliberate in conversations we're having with clients, letting them know that we're -- our balance sheet is
here for them. And part of it is the nature, likely of our clients starting to see the light at the end of the
tunnel and starting to make more investments in different ways. But -- so it's hard to -- it's very difficult
to predict whether or not that increase is going to continue to develop over time or accelerate. I would

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

say it hasn't declined. And even at the end of the -- even coming after the looking at where numbers were
at year-end where they have been just in the first 2 or 3 weeks of the year, I think the risk has declined
and it's hard to say this too confidently, but the risk of decline is low. We feel better about it stabilizing
and hoping that it continues to increase somewhat. But we've had very stable loans for a long period of
time and hard to see an environment where it goes up by several billions of dollars. We're talking about $1
billion or $2 billion as significant impact on our overall loan volumes.

Operator

We'll go ahead and take our next question from Vivek Juneja with JPMorgan.

Vivek Juneja
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

First one, just a little clarification on a couple of the items you mentioned for the quarter. The fee waivers,
Jason, you said $35 million, you're almost repriced at the moment. But what was that in 4Q compared
to the $35 million? Was that fully -- was that a $35 million number for the fourth quarter also? Or is
that currently and what's the change? And another question that you had on the items you mentioned,
the true-ups, 2.5% of the growth from true-ups, that's about $10 million. Never really seen $10 million
positive. In general, you'll tend to have it on the negative side. What kind of true-up was this that was
positive? Was it a contract terminated early that you got paid by the client? Or can you give some color on
that?

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

Sure. Well, fee waivers in third -- in fourth quarter were $23.5 million. But Mark, may be better for you to
explain the true-ups in C&IS.

Mark M. Bette
Senior VP & Director of Investor Relations

Yes. I think you're referring to the comment that Jason made about some of the nonrecurring type of
organic growth. So I wouldn't not necessarily a true-up or an adjustment per se, but transaction volumes
were higher during the quarter. And then we also have certain types of services that we might be doing for
clients that are billed based on the period that we're doing them. So those are the kinds of, I would say,
nonrecurring fees once they come online. There's also some true-ups that might happen from a quarter-
to-quarter, but not -- I don't want you to think that there was a one $10 million item like that. It was more
of kind of a an aggregation of the types of fees that we see that might be a little more episodic than just
the kind of recurring fees that we see each quarter.

Vivek Juneja
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Yes. And Mike, I have a bigger picture question for you. The new business that you're seeing, and like just
the $13.5 trillion that you have in your CIS, the strong growth you've seen there what client types are
you seeing? That $13.5 trillion, how would you break that down, firstly in terms of mutual funds versus
pension versus insurance, et cetera? And where are you seeing more -- and hedge funds, obviously, other
alternatives? And where have you seen more of that growth -- the strong growth you've seen recently?

Michael G. O’Grady
Chairman, President & CEO

So Vivek, it's Mike. So I'll start off by just answering your question, yes, it is across all of those groups if
you broke down the $13 trillion. As far as growth, it's interesting because as you look across the globe,
at least for us, in 2020, we had stronger growth, asset growth on the asset owner side in North America.
And that just relates to having a large business there in the U.S. also in Canada and having nice growth
during the year. But if you look at EMEA and the APAC region, the growth was more from asset managers.
So for example, in APAC, specifically Australia, strong growth with asset managers there, which for us is, I
would say, a nice positive because that business started off years ago, primarily focused on asset owners.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

With the strategy over time, similar to what we've done in other geographies to then build out the asset
manager services. And so that's gone well. And as I mentioned, in EMEA, the growth with asset managers,
primarily being driven in Luxembourg and Ireland, where, again, we've made investments to grow those
businesses over time.

Vivek Juneja
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And what percentage of your assets on the [ trustee ] would you say are natural winners, North America
versus EMEA versus APAC? And any sort of example.

Mark M. Bette
Senior VP & Director of Investor Relations

Yes. I mean, this is Mark. So the geography breakdown we'll have in our 10-K. I don't have that right
in front of me. And it's hard even looking at the assets just because of the assets aren't going to be
necessarily equally driving the fees. So a large custody mandate might have lower fees than a smaller
fund mandate. So if we look at the fees themselves, though, you're looking at across the regions, almost
40% to 45% EMEA and similar in Americas and then APAC growing quite a bit. And then when you look at
it, asset owners versus asset managers, when you look at the asset servicing fee, that too, about 60-40 or
so at this point, asset managers. So the assets, though, it's not always an easy comparison, just looking
at the assets because that doesn't necessarily translate through to the P&L.

Operator

And we will go to our next question. Caller, you may go ahead.

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Mike, can you share with us or maybe, Jason, obviously, this year has been or this past year has been
unprecedented, we all know that. With the Federal Reserve taking its balance sheet to just about $7 trillion
and many of your private wealth and corporate customers building up their liquidity, which looks at that
incredible deposit growth you and your peers have seen in this past year. Can you lay out a scenario
where the deposits start to come down? I know they're not going to come down right away. But if you look
at over the next 2 years, when do you start to see that change and maybe deposits start to run off the
balance sheet?

Michael G. O’Grady
Chairman, President & CEO

So Gerard, to your point, difficult to predict something like that at a very high macro level. And Jason
indicated this earlier, where we do see the assets begin to move in, it would be true both on the balance
sheet, but also within the funds, within the money market funds, is where our clients, which I think is a
good proxy for a certain part of the market want to deploy those funds in other ways. And so to the extent
-- and I think you're already seeing that in the increasing values in other markets, right? So equities
obviously has done quite well. Well, that's more buyers and sellers, as they say. And some of that's
coming from liquidity where they're earning anywhere from 0 to negative depending on the jurisdiction,
and they're saying, do I need to move into riskier assets. And so that's gradually what's happening, absent
what the central banks will do. And so to your point, at this point, the central banks have kind of said
they're going to stay where they are for an extended time period. So that would indicate you would expect
these trends to continue. And then once they begin to shift, yes, similar to the rise in liquidity, you would
expect to see a decrease in liquidity, and that would then flow backwards, I'll call it, through the system.

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Very good. And then second, you guys been talking on your call today as well as some of your peers about
all the different types of wealth managers and asset managers in the system. Can you guys talk about
pricing pressure? Do you find that this pricing pressure in different client categories? Or no, you really

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

don't see it because of product offerings that you backed as well as your reputation as being one of the
high-quality wealth managers in the country?

Michael G. O’Grady
Chairman, President & CEO

There's pricing or fee pressure across all of our businesses and that has been consistent for some
time period. Now does it ebb and flow at different time periods given other dynamics within one of our
businesses, for example, or even within one of the services? Yes. But if you just start with your -- with the
concept of fee pressure is there, and it's our expectation that, that will continue. Now on the other side
of it, to your point is, what is our competitive positioning? And we very much are focused on providing a
differentiated service across each of our businesses. And in doing so, our intent is to be able to offset the
market fee pressure. Now whether you can offset all of it or not, again, it depends on many factors. But
we are looking to have a differentiated offering in the marketplace and not be commoditized as much as
possible.

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

And your fee pressure is both on the institutional business as well as the personal? Or is it more on the
customer institution business that you have seen?

Michael G. O’Grady
Chairman, President & CEO

It's across the board. And again, depending on the service or the product, you can have more or less, but
I would say it's across the board.

Operator

We can go ahead and take our next question from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Great. Just one last one on the balance sheet on the lending strategy. Jason, you mentioned balance sheet
is there for the clients. Is there a change in thinking on that on the lending side? Are you seeing more
demand from your wealth clients, in particular, in terms of their desire to either borrow more to fund
projects or to benefit from the lower rates or other cash needs? And are you more willing in the past to
extend those loans? And then how do you think -- in terms of the size of the balance sheet, how are you
thinking about share repurchase, given that you are now allowed to buy back up to your quarterly average
net income for the first quarter?

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

On the loan question, most importantly, there's not been a change in our risk appetite or our risk strategy.
I'd say, if anything, it's just been a change and an intensification of our communication strategy with
our clients about what we're about being here for them and being willing to be supportive as they have
liquidity needs. And the credit portfolio is held in extremely well, obviously. And then you look at charge-
offs are de minimis over the course of 2020 and nonperformings. They crept up a tiny bit in fourth
quarter, but still very, very low levels, less than 40 basis points, I think, of the portfolio. And our watch
list actually declined for the period. So everything there looks good. It's been -- but that said, the bankers
are intensifying their communication with clients about our lending capacity and willingness. And so that's
really the driver.

And then as we think about the capacity of the balance sheet, the size of it, it's certainly not something
that we're actively looking to change in any way. We obviously take the fact that we now have the ability
to go back into share repurchase seriously. It's something we've already started engaging with our Board
on so that we can, at the appropriate time, be back in the market within the framework that I described

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

earlier, but it's not something where we'd say we're trying to increase or decrease the size of the balance
sheet or the capital level. It's not going to be monumental change from -- the fact that we were out of the
market is not going to drive monumental change in how we think about the capital levels.

Operator
All right. This concludes today's call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

25

