Northern Trust Corporation 

NasdaqGS:NTRS
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, April 21, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.45

1.55

Revenue  (mm)

1542.75

1595.80

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-21-2020 1:28 PM GMT

6.90

3.44

1.28

5.18

5.45

1440.43

5793.31

5790.56

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

1.68

1.63

1.74

1.45

1.75

1.69

1.89

1.55

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4.17 %

3.68 %

8.62 %

6.90 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

Mark M. Bette
Senior VP & Director of Investor
Relations

Michael G. O’Grady
Chairman, President & CEO

ANALYSTS

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Brennan Hawken
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Brian Matthew Kleinhanzl
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Gerard S. Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Glenn Paul Schorr
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Michael Roger Carrier
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Steven Joseph Chubak
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Northern Trust Corporation First Quarter 2020 Earnings
Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the
Director of Investor Relations, Mark Bette, for opening remarks and introductions. Sir, please go ahead.

Mark M. Bette
Senior VP & Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, Katie. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Northern Trust Corporation's First Quarter
2020 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on our call this morning are Michael O'Grady, our Chairman
and CEO; Jason Tyler, our Chief Financial Officer; and Lauren Allnutt, our Controller.

Our first quarter earnings press release and financial trends report are both available on our website at
northerntrust.com. Also on the website, you will find our quarterly earnings review presentation, which we
will use to guide in today's conference call. This April 21 call is being webcast live on northerntrust.com.
The only authorized rebroadcast of this call is the replay that will be available on our website through May
19. Northern Trust disclaims any continuing accuracy of the information provided in this call after today.

Now for our safe harbor statement. What we say during today's conference call may include forward-
looking statements, which are Northern Trust's current estimates and expectations of future events or
future results. Actual results, of course, could differ materially from those expressed or implied by these
statements because the realization of those results is subject to many risks and uncertainties that are
difficult to predict. I urge you to read our 2019 annual report on Form 10-K and other reports filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission for detailed information about factors that could affect actual
results.

[Operator Instructions] Thank you again for joining us today. Let me turn the call over to Mike O'Grady.

Michael G. O’Grady
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Mark. Let me join Mark in welcoming you to our first quarter 2020 earnings call. Amidst this
crisis, I hope you and your families are healthy and well. I also want to acknowledge and thank all the
health care workers, other first responders and the entire community of essential workers for their heroic
efforts during this pandemic.

Inside Northern Trust, we often speak of our 4 key stakeholders: clients, employees, community and
shareholders. I know we'll devote a lot of this call to discussing the impact of the crisis on shareholders,
but I'd like to take a moment to describe our actions and how they relate to the other stakeholders. We've
been engaging with our clients more than ever. Despite the pandemic, markets have remained open and
our clients have needed to make investment decisions and complete important transactions.

Turbulent times such as these show the importance of a strong capital base and liquidity profile as well
as robust technology and resiliency plans. We've been able to provide support to our clients and the
exceptional service they have come to expect from us. We saw global transaction volumes increase 70%
in March compared to February and 60% compared to 1 year ago. We were able to utilize our global
operating model to transfer work around the globe to manage peak volumes.

During the first quarter, in support of our clients, we saw deposit growth of over $22 billion and funded
loan balances increase by over $6 billion. In a short amount of time, our team also created a solution
to provide access to the Paycheck Protection Program, and we began processing applications. Whether
it's through video conferencing or phone calls and into boardrooms or living rooms, our clients want
the advice and counsel of Northern Trust. The vast majority of our employees, who we call partners,
made a significant shift to working away from our offices, with over 90% regularly working remotely.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

For the critical functions that require a small number of our staff to be in our offices, we are taking extra
measures to ensure their safety throughout the duration of the crisis.

For certain eligible partners, we are providing supplemental compensation to support them and their
families during this difficult time. We are also offering increased flexibility for alternative work options
due to mandated school closures and other impacts of the pandemic. The commitment, expertise and
professionalism of our staff has been extraordinary. So I'm pleased we've been able to provide this
support.

Northern Trust businesses, and therefore, the communities we reach, are truly global, with over 20,000
partners across North America, EMEA and APAC. We announced philanthropic support to several nonprofit
organizations around the world and created a COVID-19 matching gift program to support the efforts of
our partners. Our guiding principles of service, expertise and integrity have guided our actions over the
last several weeks, and we'll continue to focus our efforts as we navigate the difficult environment we all
face. Northern Trust has endured crises before, and we are extremely confident in the resiliency of our
business and our staff. My sincere appreciation to everyone working so hard throughout this crisis and our
sympathies to everyone impacted by this disease.

Our annual meeting is taking place later this morning, so I have another opportunity to speak to our
performance and strategy. But for now, I'll turn the call to Jason to review our results for the quarter and
discuss the financial implications of this pandemic.

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

Well, thank you, Mike. Before I start, I want to take a brief moment to recognize all those affected by this
crisis, especially those working on the front lines. Our thoughts are with you, and we hope you and your
loved ones remain safe and healthy. I'd also like to express my sincere gratitude to all of Northern Trust
partners for their continuing hard work, resiliency and flexibility in these uncertain times. I'm extremely
proud to be part of this team that achieves greater for all of our stakeholders no matter the adversity.

Now let's delve into the financial results for the quarter, starting on Page 3. This morning, we reported first
quarter net income of $360.6 million. Earnings per share were $1.55, and our return on common equity
was 13.4%. As you can see on the bottom of Page 3, the macroeconomic environment became more
challenging during this first quarter. However, recall that a significant portion of our trust fees are based on
quarter-lag or month-lag asset levels. And thus, the current quarter's fees do not fully reflect the impact
of the decline in equity markets during the quarter.

Let's move to Page 4 and review the financial highlights of the first quarter. Year-over-year, revenue
on an FTE basis increased 7%, with noninterest income up 11% and net interest income down 3%.
Expenses increased 4%. The provision for credit losses was $61 million in the quarter, while net income
was up 4%. In the sequential comparison, revenue increased 2% with noninterest income up 5% and
net interest income down 3%. Expenses decreased 1%, while net income declined 3%. The provision for
credit losses of $61 million during the quarter was primarily due to an increase in the reserve driven by
current and projected economic conditions resulting from the ongoing pandemic and the related market
and economic impacts, with the largest increase in the commercial and institutional and commercial real
estate portfolios.

Return on average common equity was 13.4% for the quarter, down from 14% a year ago and 14.8% in
the prior quarter. Assets under custody/administration of $10.9 trillion were flat compared to a year ago
and were down 10% on a sequential basis. Assets under custody of $8.3 trillion were up 1% compared to
a year ago and down 11% sequentially. Assets under management were $1.1 trillion, down 4% on a year-
over-year basis and down 9% on a sequential basis.

Let's look at the results in greater detail starting with revenue on Page 5. First quarter revenue on a fully
taxable equivalent basis was $1.6 billion, up 7% compared to last year and up 2% sequentially. Trust,
investment and other servicing fees represent the largest component of our revenue, reaching a record
$1 billion in the first quarter, up 8% from last year and up 1% sequentially. Foreign exchange trading

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

income was $89 million in the first quarter, up 34% year-over-year and up 38% sequentially. The increase
is primarily due to higher client volumes and increased market volatility during the month of March.

The remaining components of other not -- noninterest income were $87 million in the first quarter, up
37% compared to a year ago and up 24% sequentially. Securities commissions and trading income
increased 79% compared to a year ago and 50% sequentially, driven by higher interest rate swap and
core brokerage-related revenue. Prior quarter other operating income included a $20.8 million loss relating
to the sale of leases. Excluding this prior period loss, the sequential decline was primarily due to lower
income associated with supplemental compensation plans and a market value adjustment for a seed
capital investment, partially offset by lower Visa-related swap expense and the impact of a full quarter run
rate of the bank-owned life insurance program.

On a year-over-year basis, these categories increased primarily due to the bank-owned life insurance
program implemented during 2019 and lowered Visa swap-related expense, partially offset by the market
value adjustment for our seed capital investment and lower income relating to supplemental compensation
plans. The year-over-year and sequential declines relating to the supplemental compensation plan resulted
in a related decrease in staff-related expense within the other operating expense line. Net interest income,
which I'll discuss in more detail later, was $416 million in the first quarter, down 3% both year-over-year
and sequentially.

Let's look at the components of our trust investment fees on Page 6. For our Corporate & Institutional
Services business, fees totaled $574 million in the first quarter, and were up 7% year-over-year and up
1% on a sequential basis. Custody and fund administration fees, the largest component of C&IS fees were
$395 million and up 5% year-over-year and down 1% sequentially. The year-over-year performance was
driven by favorable markets and new business, partially offset by unfavorable currency translation. The
sequential decline was primarily driven by unfavorable currency translation, partially offset by favorable
markets and new business.

Assets under custody/administration for C&IS clients were $10.2 trillion at quarter end, flat year-over-
year and down 10% sequentially. The year-over-year performance reflected new business, offset by lower
market levels and unfavorable currency translation. The sequential performance was driven by lower
market levels and unfavorable currency translation, partially offset by new business. Recall that lagged
market values factor into the quarter's fees with both quarter-lag and month-lag markets impacting our
C&IS custody and fund administration fees.

Investment management fees in C&IS of $121 million in the first quarter were up 16% year-over-year and
up 4% sequentially. Both the year-over-year and sequential performance was driven by favorable markets
and new business. Assets under administration for C&IS clients were $843 billion, down 3% year-over-
year and down 8% sequentially. Both the year -- the -- both the prior year and sequential comparisons
were impacted by lower markets and favorable currency translation, partially offset by new business flows.

The sequential decline was primarily driven by markets, partially offset by new business and an increase
in prior -- in period-end securities lending -- in period-end securities lending collateral levels. Similar
to custody and fund administration fees, note that lagged market values factor into C&IS investment
management fees. Securities lending fees were $23 million in the first quarter, up 3% year-over-year
and up 4% sequentially. The year-over-year increase were -- was primarily driven by higher volumes,
while sequential increase was primarily driven by higher spreads and volumes. Securities lending collateral
was $167 billion at quarter end and averaged $171 billion across the quarter. Average collateral levels
increased 9% year-over-year and 4% sequentially.

Moving to our wealth management business. Trust investment and other servicing fees were $429 million
in the first quarter, were up 9% compared to the prior quarter and up 1% sequentially. The year-over-year
increase is driven by favorable markets and new business, while favorable markets were also the driver
of the sequential growth. Both month-lag and quarter-lag asset levels impact Wealth Management fees.
Assets under management were $277 billion at quarter end, down 6% year-over-year and down 12%
sequentially. The decreases were primarily driven by unfavorable markets, partially offset by new business
flows.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Moving to Page 7. Net interest income was $416 million in the first quarter and down 3% from the prior
year. Earning assets averaged $111 billion in the quarter, flat versus the prior year. Average deposits were
$95 billion and were up 4% versus the prior year. The net interest margin was 1.51% in the first quarter
and was down 7 basis points from a year ago. The net interest margin decreased primarily due to lower
short-term interest rates, primarily offset by a balance sheet mix shift. On a sequential quarter basis, net
interest income was also down 3%. Average earning assets increased 3% on a sequential basis, while the
net interest margin declined 8% -- 8 basis points.

Looking at the currency mix of our balance sheet. For the first quarter, U.S. dollar deposits represented
69% of our total average deposits. This was flat to a year ago and up slightly from 68% in the prior
quarter.

Turning to Page 8. Expenses were $1.1 billion in the first quarter and were 4% higher than the prior
year and 1% lower than the prior quarter. Compensation expense totaled $500 million and was up
4% compared to 1 year ago and up 8% sequentially. Last year's compensation expense included $10
million relating to severance-related charges. Excluding these charges, the year-over-year growth was
mainly driven by higher salary expense, driven by staff growth and base pay adjustments as well as
an accrual for a supplemental payment to certain employees in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
The sequential increase was primarily due to higher expenses related to long-term performance-based
incentive compensation due to the vesting provisions associated with grants to retirement-eligible
employees and the current quarter as well as the previously mentioned supplemental payment, partially
offset by lower cash-based incentive cost.

The quarter's compensation included $34 million in expense associated with retirement-eligible staff
compared to $30 million in the prior year. Employee benefit expense of $98 million was up 14% from 1
year ago and 6% sequentially. Both increases were driven by higher retirement plan expenses and payroll
taxes. The sequential growth was partially offset by lower medical costs. Outside services of 130 -- of
$193 million were up 2% on a year-over-year basis and down 6% sequentially. The year-over-year growth
was primarily driven by increased third-party advisory fees and technical service costs. The sequential
decrease was due to lower consulting, legal and technical services.

Equipment and software expense of $162 million was up 9% from a year ago and down 2% sequentially.
The year-over-year growth was reflected by higher -- reflected higher depreciation and amortization
and software support costs. Sequentially, the decrease was driven by lower software disposition charges
partially offset by higher depreciation and amortization. Occupancy expense of $51 million decreased
1% from a year ago and was down 11% sequentially. The sequential decline was primarily due to the
renegotiation of a lease, resulting in a $7 million reduction of a related asset retirement obligation.

Other operating expense of $62 million was down 15% from a year ago and down 30% sequentially. The
year-over-year decrease is primarily driven by lower staff-related expense, partially offset by increased
contributions to the Northern Trust charitable foundation. Sequentially, the decrease was primarily driven
by lower staff-related and business promotion expenses, partially offset by increased contributions
to the charitable foundation. The lower staff-related costs were related to a decline in supplemental
compensation plan expenses and resulted in a related decline in other operating income.

As we've discussed on previous calls through our Value for Spend initiative, which we started in 2017,
we've been realigning our expense base with the goal of realizing $250 million in annualized expense run
rate savings. With our results this quarter, we surpassed that goal. While we've exceeded our goal of $250
million, our efforts around our value for spend and overall productivity were -- will broadly not cease, and
we further embed a culture of sustainable expense management across the company.

Turning to Page 9. Our capital ratios remained strong with our common equity Tier 1 ratio of 11.7% under
the standardized approach and 12.9% under the advanced approach. Our Tier 1 leverage ratio was 8.1%
under both the standardized and advanced approaches. In the first quarter, as previously announced,
the proceeds from the issuance of Series E preferred stock were used to redeem all outstanding shares
of Series C preferred stock. Deferred issuance cost of $11.5 million were recognized upon redemption,
which were included in our first quarter results on the preferred dividend line and arriving at net income
allocated to common shareholders.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

During the first quarter of 2020, the Series E preferred stock dividend was approximately $7.6 million,
covering the period from November 5, 2019, through March 31, 2020. The ongoing Series E dividend will
be approximately $4.7 million per quarter with the Series E dividends still occurring semiannually in the
first and third quarters of each year. Also during the first quarter, we declared cash dividends totaling $149
million to common stockholders. On March 16, we announced temporary suspension of repurchases of
common stock under our share repurchase program consistent with broader industry efforts to mitigate
the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic by maintaining strong capital levels and liquidity in the U.S.
financial system. Prior to the suspension, we repurchased 3.2 million shares of common stock at a cost of
$297 million.

Let me take a -- make a few comments to summarize in the quarter as well as comment on some of the
headwinds that we're facing as we move through the remainder of 2020. Despite the impact of a mixed
global macroeconomic environment, we performed well during the quarter, generating a pretax margin
of 29.4% and a return on average common equity of 13.4%. Our performance reflects the momentum
we carried into 2020, and we were able to generate positive fee operating leverage and positive total
operating leverage on a year-over-year basis. Our balanced business model continued to generate organic
growth, with each of our client-facing reporting segments of Wealth Management and C&IS contributing
approximately 50% of our earnings.

Looking ahead to the remainder of the year, the macroeconomic environment is going to certainly create
headwinds for certain revenue lines. First is it creates -- as it relates to lower expenses, we will, of course,
see pressure on our net interest margin and net interest income as we move forward through the year.
And we're currently anticipating that second quarter net interest income will decline 7% to 10% on a
sequential basis. Next, as I've mentioned in my comments throughout the presentation, it's important to
remember that lagged markets impact the calculation of our trust fees. While month-lag and quarter-lag
equity markets were mainly favorable for first quarter, we'll see an impact on our fees going forward. One
indication of this is our period-end assets under custody/administration and assets under management
declining sequentially by 10% and 9%, respectively. And as a reminder, approximately 3/4 of our fees are
sensitive to asset levels.

Finally, the newly adopted accounting standard for credit losses makes our reserves for credit losses
sensitive to changes in the macroeconomic environment. If economic conditions continue to worsen over
the course of the year, we can expect to recognize additional provisions. We cannot ignore the macro
headwinds pressuring our revenues as we move forward into 2020. We remain laser-focused on managing
our expense base and driving further productivity improvement. It's times like these that show the
importance of a strong capital base and liquidity profile to support our clients' activities, and we continue
to provide our clients with the exceptional service and solution expertise they've come to expect.
Thank you, again, for participating in Northern Trust's first quarter earnings conference call today. Mike,
Mark, Lauren and I are happy to answer any of your questions. Katie, will you please open the line?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

So I wanted to start with your guys' thoughts around the organic fee growth in the current environment.
So I think in the past, you talked about low to mid-single-digit growth across institutional and wealth
businesses. So wondering how the current sales cycle likely being extended. How is that impacting the fee
growth outlook from an organic basis?

And as a kind of follow-up to that, obviously, importantly, I want to get your thoughts on expenses as
well. Again, similarly, you talked about aligning expense growth with organic fee growth, again, sort of
call it 3% to 5% range. How low can you guys take that given the current environment? And any thoughts
around 2020 expense growth would be helpful.

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

Sure. Alex, let me -- I'll start on the first dynamic of organic growth. It was a strong organic growth
period. And I think both year-over-year and then sequentially, it was nice to see we had organic growth,
both in the C&IS business and used it at a high level. It was a little over 1% of pure net new business
that contributed to the growth in C&IS. And then we also had overall positive growth in the -- from an
organic perspective in the Wealth Management side of the business. And you don't see it, but the asset
management business on its own also provided some positive organic growth, which is nice to see. A lot
of it was driven by very strong movement into cash. I was looking at over the weekend, I think there was
over $30 billion in flows overall into that category.

And our NIF treasury fund is #1 in its peer group and investment performance. And just that set of funds
alone has AUM of over $60 billion right now. So in a lot of ways, things are going well. I think it's also
important, just take a second to think about some of the interactions we've had with our business. And
this, I think, feeds into your question about how we should think about this in the longer term. And
just take Wealth Management, for example, I was talking to some of the leaders there and just some
interesting notes. One, their call report volume, just activity with clients has really skyrocketed. Over
100% increase in call reports just from our central region, just gives a sense of the activity there. We do
these webinars to teach clients about and talk more from our experts about what's going on. We typically
get about 800 or 900 people show up for those virtually. And they're at record levels now.

There's over 3,000 people consistently coming into that. And then even the marketing material, we've
-- we track things as granularly as the page views that we get from the marketing material we send out,
that's -- that averages about 1,200 page views. And over the last several weeks, we've been averaging
6,000 to 10,000. And so I think in the short run, it was interesting to see that we were able to actually
close good pieces of new business that was already in the pipeline. I think the very long-term bodes very
well for us, given some of the statistics just throughout the engagement we've had with clients. I think if
there's an area of caution, it's going to be in that midterm pipeline.

I think there's just not as few clients that are going to be spinning up new opportunities, whether it's on
the C&IS side, they feel the same way, or the wealth side. So I think we're going to close all the business
that we can that was already in kind of the one not funded late in the pipeline. And I think the long-term
looks very good, and we can talk about the more countercyclical dynamics of outsourcing that lead into
help on the new business side for C&IS, but the long-term feels good. I think the short term, we obviously
have to be cautious about.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

And then on the expenses, I'll start, but maybe Mike or Mark will join in. As we think about that, we want
to bucket it in a few different categories. And probably the best way to think about it might even be just to
look through -- if you go to Page 7 of the earnings release, that outlines expenses pretty well and in more
detail. And first of all, we had a long list of different paths we could take on this from just saying, "let's
let expenses play through" to "let's go ahead and do a full replan of expenses, " and we took the latter
approach. We took a very aggressive detailed approach to unwrapping our expenses based on what we
knew the environment was going to look like in the short run, at least.

And so we un-bucketed things the way we traditionally do: inflation, productivity, business growth and
investments. And we've been very aggressive at outlining where we can address expenses. Then if you
look at Page 7, the areas that are more related to client activity or markets have to do with outside
services and equipment and software. And super high level, roughly, you get kind of 30% to 40% of
those have that type -- they have some correlation to markets and new business. Those are the areas
we've been laser-focused on. But even on IT investment, we're just rerationalizing everything that we've
committed to do.

Michael G. O’Grady
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, this is Mike. I would just add to what Jason said that there are near-term actions that we've already
taken and continue -- can continue to take, which definitely looks to bring down the expense run rate from
where we were in the fourth quarter and then where we are now. And then just given that the world has
changed and will change, there are new opportunities for productivity over the long term. I mean if you
think about real estate costs and other costs that come with having everybody in facilities versus now, as I
mentioned earlier, we're roughly 90% people working from home. It's not going to stay at that level, but I
also don't think the operating model will be the same once we get through this.

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Great. Great. That's helpful. And I don't want to put words in your guys' mouth too, maybe just to clarify,
I guess, in the past, you talked about expense growth aligning with organic fee growth and in the near
term, organic fee growth, it sounds like it's obviously going to moderate pretty considerably. So should we
think about the total expense business expense base being flattish year-over-year? Or is there a way to
bring that down? Just hoping to get some more granularity.

Michael G. O’Grady
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. So you are correct in characterizing the way that we have talked about the organic expense growth
rate for expenses aligning with the fee growth. And so yes, as that comes down, the fee growth comes
down, the organic expense growth rate comes down as well. And then beyond that, as you're saying, Alex,
yes, we're also saying, outside of the organic part, just looking at total expenses, we're trying to bring
those down.

And I wouldn't put a specific stake in the ground as to whether that's flat or up or down because, again,
some of those expenses are affected by the environment, but that's what we're trying to drive to. So it is
-- as Jason said, it's a replan. There's no part of this that says we're just plowing through with the same
plan that we had at the beginning of the year.

Operator

Our next question comes from Glenn Schorr with Evercore.

Glenn Paul Schorr
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Wonder if I could ask a question, I could use them both on this on the provision and the loan book. So if
you could talk generically what type of economic backdrop, you wrote that provision to because the world
was changing a lot right around quarter end. And then if we could talk about the loan book that produce

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

most of that. I'm assuming it's almost all-in C&I and CRE. So maybe you could talk about what in, say,
office, retail and construction, where that is derived from? How much of it is clients that are across the
firm versus some things that are syndicated? I really appreciate. We normally don't have much discussion
about your loan book.

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

Sure, Glenn. Well, let me just start with some of the assumptions that went into the forecast. And I think,
like a lot of firms, we -- the SEC is very specific in saying, you've got to pick it -- use your end-of-period
date, use your forecast at that point to drive your increase or decrease in reserves. And so we obviously
follow that. If you look at right at the end of the period, we were looking at unemployment of 10%. We
had a peak-to-trough change in GDP of just over 6%. And then as you likely know, that's not it. It's not
like we have those assumptions and then it spits out the $61 million provision number. We have a variety
-- dozens of factors that go from there.

And from the number of forecast that we use, the weights and the priorities of those forecasts. The
downgrade assumptions of the underlying credits, which drive the expected loss assumptions. And so you
go through a very rigorous governance process to take the output of the forecast and the model to drive
to a final number for provision. Now after we did that, like all other financial firms, we went through a new
forecasting period. The economic inputs in the market were changing dramatically. We're watching that
closely. So within the next couple of weeks, we went through a forecast that went to an unemployment
peak of 14.5% and peak-to-trough GDP change of 7.5%. And so that gives an indication that directionally,
the provision number, if we were to go through that same governance process, would have yielded a
higher provision number at that point.

Now that said, we didn't go through that same finalization of the governance process after that second
forecast was run. We could do that every day. But it's very -- it's a very rigorous process, but we follow
the letter of what the SEC and what the accounting guidelines provide us to do. And so we will continue
to do those updates as we always do with our forecasting process, and we'll have that rigorous process
added to it as we get into the next reporting period.

And then if we want to touch on the loan book itself, we -- why don't we go through some headlines on it,
I'll start and then maybe Mark can jump in. I think the key is the -- it's -- there's no dramatic difference
between what we've told you before about the loan portfolio and what it is today. There's a lot of other
even qualitative assumptions that go into that -- the number that drives the CECL accounting provision
number but why don't we provide a little bit more information. So Mark, I'll turn it over to you for that.

Mark M. Bette
Senior VP & Director of Investor Relations

Yes. Looking at the entire loan portfolio, over 20% of the loans are to private clients, secured by
marketable securities primarily. And those are primarily custody to Northern Trust. You do have about 20%
of the portfolio, which is residential real estate. Again, the nature of those obligors is somewhat unique. I
mean for example, over 75% of those would have FICO scores of 740 or higher.

When you start to look at the commercial and the commercial real estate, the commercial is
predominantly investment grade. And on the commercial real estate side, the lending is to investors as
opposed to developers. And over 95% of those commercial real estate loans have personal guarantees
as well. So pretty high quality. When we look at the C&I portfolio as far as where the high impact or
low impacts might be from the current situation that we find ourselves in. We would say we're very
much predominantly in what we would hope is in the lower impact when we look at the kind of industry
segmentation there.

Glenn Paul Schorr
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Very nice. Just one kind of clarification. The GDP numbers that you mentioned, is that full year '20 or
second quarter?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

No, that's for the full year. That's the -- that would be the peak-to-trough change for the full year. The
-- so at a high level, the assumption that we used had very sharp second quarter decline and then a
relatively strong recovery but not to the current levels of GDP.

Operator

Our next question comes from Mike Carrier with Bank of America.

Michael Roger Carrier
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

First, can you provide a bit more color on the net interest income outlook, particularly given the rise in
deposits, and expectations in this backdrop with a lot of liquidity out there? And then for the NIM, just how
you're thinking about the portfolio and reinvestment rates?

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

Sure. Thanks, Mike. I'll start. Well, first of all, the more time we spend around NII, I think what jumps
out to me is that the key is actually less the size of the balance sheet, which is driven so much by the
deposit growth. It has much more to do with what's happening with loan volume. And if you think about
it, the size of the balance sheet and the size of average earning assets is going to be dominated by client
deposits coming on. And on a different interest rate environment, that's going to have an impact on NII.
And -- but in the short run, you think about it on an incremental basis, we're not investing those deposits
long, and we're not investing them with credit risk either.

And so the dynamic there is that effectively you're bringing -- the size is driven by deposits that are going
to be reinvested a lot in IOER at 10 basis points. And maybe something -- a little somewhat different than
that, but not dramatically. The things that are going to drive NII more, are going to be really 2 things:
one, the volume of loans; and then secondly, we've talked about this before, but the spread of 1-month
LIBOR to the bottom end of Fed funds or IOER, very important.

And it really gives you a sense of the NII impact of a lot of the earning assets and how those are going to
behave and contribute to NII. And so those are the -- those are really the big factors. And so I mentioned
that because I think it's just important to decouple and not try and predict NII based on where that
1.51% in NIM is going to go. I think you have to have more of a bottoms-up approach of thinking about
particularly loans and then what is LIBOR going to do. LIBOR has been coming down a couple of basis
points a day effectively and where you think that the trajectory there is going to go is a very important
factor.

Michael Roger Carrier
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then just as a quick follow-up. Can you help us just on how we should be
thinking about fee waivers ahead in a 0% rate backdrop?

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

Yes. We -- a lot of the information that's out there will help track that a little bit. But as we sit today, none
of the large funds are in a position where their yields are below their fee rates. And if we look out on that
a little bit, we -- you guys can see as much as we can without a real contrarian approach, you don't see
that changing at least in the next several weeks or so.

Now that said, I mentioned early in the opening that our NIF treasury fund at $60 billion to $70 billion
you get at 15 to 20 basis points in fees. If we fall below those rates by even 5 basis points, you're talking
about annual run rate, just from a math perspective, of potentially $30 million. And we're not there yet,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

but if we were to try and point you to something to track and between the time that we're able to talk
publicly, those would be the line items to look at.

Operator

Our next question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Maybe just staying with the balance sheet for a minute on that LIBOR-to-IOER spread. I guess they're
down. They're 7% to 10% down. Is that considering current LIBOR -- 1-month LIBOR rates? Or that -- or
are you factoring in LIBOR to compress further with that?

And if you could just remind us again on the loan repricing mechanism, I think it's 3/4 of loans repriced
quarterly to 1-month LIBOR with the rest lagged for 1 year, if you could just remind us on that.

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

Sure. So just to start with the end. It's actually -- I think it's a little higher than that. It's about 80% of
the loan book is actually floating at this point. And that's tied very mostly to LIBOR. And then to what
our assumptions are, the down 7% to 10% number we provided is reflective of a tightening of the spread
between LIBOR and IOER. And so we've looked at that and continue to think that that's going to compress
a decent amount.

On a spot basis, I haven't looked at it this morning, but last week, it was kind of that LIBOR at kind of 70,
72 basis points against an IOER of 10 and we think that could continue to narrow a fair amount. And if
you think about where LIBOR was just a couple of weeks ago, it's significantly higher than that. And so we
certainly feel like that's got to be part of any projection.

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Yes. Okay. And deposit levels just in April versus the period end in the 7% to 10% guidance?

Michael G. O’Grady
Chairman, President & CEO

Down. And, yes. We -- you'll see at the last page of the press release, even just where the balance sheet
ended at $160 billion or so. And again, that's all -- that's -- the size of the balance sheet is completely
driven by the size of client deposits. And there was significant increase throughout the quarter. And
frankly, there were increases, significant increases, and we ended not at where it peaked. And so we -- the
balance sheet has had very strong growth and client -- it's all about client activity as clients derisked and
came out of larger equity positions or other fixed income positions, they wanted balance sheets that they
were comfortable with, and they were comfortable with ours, and we wanted to be there for them.

And since then, we've had deposit levels come down significantly from those peaks. And I'll tell you,
they've been more in kind of the $140 million to $145 million range, and in that type of area over the
beginning of the second quarter. But -- and that's still elevated relative to what -- where we experienced
historically at peaks or at the end of the first quarter.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ken Usdin with Jefferies.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

On the balance sheet, Jason, can you talk through where the floating/fixed mix is of the balance sheet
right now, what the duration of the portfolio is? And just how do you decide, based on your prior response,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

about the ins and outs of deposits where you're going with reinvestment yields so much lower in terms of
the asset side of earning assets distribution?

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

Yes. Thank you, Ken. And yes, we've -- we're reinvesting short, is the quick answer to the question. And
we want to -- we don't feel that there's potential -- that the potential need from clients to have very spiky,
aggressive needs and desires to be on the balance sheet is necessarily over. And so we want to make sure
we've got plenty of dry powder and plenty of capacity for them on both the loans and deposits side.

And so we're taking a short-term approach of being there for our clients. Now our duration, I think at
the beginning of last year of '19, probably, it was around 1.1. We had stepped that out. We told the
investment community. We were going to step it out. We've gotten all the way out to about 2.

And since then, very recently, as we're reinvesting maturing securities, that will come in a little bit as we
position the portfolio to maintain maximum capacity. That's not reflective of a long-term strategy, but it is
reflective of our desire to be there for clients in the short run.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

And could the fixed/floating mix, do you have that available?

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

Yes, Mark has...

Mark M. Bette
Senior VP & Director of Investor Relations

Yes, the split between the shorter securities book and the longer. We've -- it's been running closer to
50-50 historically. I think more recently, the longer book was a little larger. And then as Jason said, as we
reinvest depending on where those reinvestments go, that could shift a little bit. But in balance, a little bit
tilted towards the longer side of where it was on average during the quarter.

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

Yes. And the funding side, we think of is more 50-50, and we try and stay matched on that reflectively on
the reinvestment side. I think as we continue to go shorter, in the near term, that's going to lean a little
bit more short, but in the long run, it's about kind of maintaining that -- maintaining the hedge.

Operator

Our next question comes from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo.

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Just my question was answered, but just one follow-up. You said 90% of people are working from home.
Can you elaborate more on what sort of more permanent business model change that might lead to?

Michael G. O’Grady
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Mike, this is Mike. In the way that we thought about the operating model over time, it's never
been one that we thought in a stabilized way that we would be at 90% working outside the facilities.
Frankly, what we've learned through this crisis is that we can meet client needs and be able to operate
the business, execute the business even at that high level of remote working. Having said that, I --
this is not the level that we want to sustain. We'll have to be careful as we have people return to the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

office. That will happen in a phased approach. But frankly, longer term, as I mentioned, I think that there
are opportunities because if you even went beyond just the ability to serve our clients and think about
efficiency, we may have lost some efficiency during this time period.

But frankly, it's also I would say, demonstrated that there are inefficiencies in having everybody come
in and out of the facilities around the globe. And that there is certain work that is easier to have our
partners, our employees do remotely. Or even if it's not completely remotely, do they come into a facility
for a portion of the week? Things like that. And that also aligns with some of the things we've been doing
over time about our workspaces. It's as you would expect, it's not all about everybody having an office or
even a cubicle, it's more about open spaces and flexible workspaces and things like that.

And that sits in with not having everybody reporting into the office at the same time. So we don't have
the complete long-term operating model at this point. But again, I don't believe it will go back to the way
it was. And I think, frankly, it will present opportunities for both greater efficiency and, I think, for our
employees, additional satisfaction on their overall work life.

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

And as it relates to customers, I mean you see schools going online, you're seeing Zoom meetings, you're
seeing telemedicine. On the other hand, your customers that are at the very high end, they probably want
face-to-face service. But what's your flexibility there?

Michael G. O’Grady
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Without a doubt. And as you point out, we have a high engagement model in Wealth Management.
And yet, if you -- if someone thought it was all about the facilities, then we would have been going the
opposite direction for the last several years, right, in the sense of we actually have fewer offices now for
wealth management than we did 5 years ago, 10 years ago. And that's because that engagement at the
higher level often happens at the client's office, at the client's home.

And also through technology, through using videoconferencing and just the ability for clients to interact
directly with their account online, on their phone, et cetera. So it's a multifaceted engagement model. And
one that, again, we think we can differentiate ourselves in this. Jason talked about some of the calling
statistics. If you talk to our partners in wealth management, as we said, they've been more engaged over
this time period than the 3 months, let's say, prior to it. A lot of that because of all the activity, but also
they've used different ways to do it. So we look forward to when we can meet more with clients, but that
doesn't necessarily mean it has to happen in an office.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research.

Steven Joseph Chubak
Wolfe Research, LLC

So you noted earlier in a question relating to credit that you have lower exposure to the higher-risk
industry categories. Given some of the stress in energy markets, I was hoping you could speak to any
direct exposure to the energy sector, maybe what specific energy categories, in particular, such as E&P,
midstream, et cetera.

Michael G. O’Grady
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. So at a high level, the exposure to energy is very, very low. And a lot of our -- we've got a lot of
clients that had garnered their wealth from the industry, but our lending exposure, specifically to oil and
gas is very, very low.

Steven Joseph Chubak

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. And just one follow-up for me. Jason, you gave lots of detail on deposits, just given the significant
growth, how the bulk of that is being deployed into IOER. If I look at the balance sheet during the prior
3 QE cycles, you had a lot of QE-driven deposit growth. A lot of those deposits actually stayed on the
balance sheet.

And your approach is pretty balanced in terms of how much was deployed into securities versus IOER.

I'm just wondering why would things play out differently this time? And maybe just how you're thinking
about the mix where for every incremental deposit, how much of that should we assume goes into IOER
or versus securities that admittedly are going to be short-dated to ensure that you have greater flexibility
from a liquidity standpoint?

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

Well, frankly, this is about trying to ensure we're there for clients in the long run. And we could make a
short-term call saying, let's extend a little bit. And even if we miss the yield curve a little, we don't have
stories from our clients where we weren't there for them. We've -- we have been able to do a lot. We've
got ample room from a Tier 1 leverage perspective, from liquidity perspective, and -- but we talk all the
time about our balance sheet being there for clients.

And so we want to live up to that and not fall to temptation of trying to use the deposits and go very long.
Now you're absolutely right that there is an element of these deposits that's going to stick around a while.
And that will enable us, particularly the wealth deposits are very valuable. Once those season and are
here, it enables us to extend more and invest those more, whether it's in loans or non-high-quality liquid
assets. And that creates a lot of value for us.

We just want to be patient and make sure that we don't do that too early. But some of the growth that
we've had on the deposit side over the last year even, not just the last 1.5 months, but over the last year,
it reflects a higher base level of deposits and a lot of it on the wealth side, which is very, very valuable.

Operator

Our next question comes from Brennan Hawken with UBS.

Brennan Hawken
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

First question is a follow-up on the expenses. So you talked about some of the actions taken. You helped
us understand the pieces that were subject to volumes and when I take a look at the midpoint of that, I
think you said it was outside services and equipment and software, 30% to 40%.

So if you take the midpoint, that's about 10% of your annual expenses, does that mean that things
outside of that bucket of expenses you're going to be able to calibrate? And the -- that 10%, we should
grow maybe at an elevated rate, given some of the things that are going on? Can you help us think about
what, at least logically, might come into play when we try to calibrate how to forecast your expense
growth for the year?

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

Yes. Sure. So if we come back to that framework, that page, I'll give you a little bit more of how I think
about the subcategories in there. So the outside services and some -- the headlines, some of these things
are going to be mixed. Some we'll be able to moderate lower and some are -- we're going to have more
activity as we've invested to make sure that we've got good operational resiliency.

And so within outside services, for example, a lot of that is consulting and legal costs. Well, on the
consulting side, there are going to be projects that we had planned to do when we went through our
original planning process that don't necessarily chin the bar at this point or that we're just going to
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

delay for a period of time or that we're going to do with a reduced scope. And so those are the types of
conversations we have there.

On legal, we actually hinted very quickly, I think, in the script that we've had some benefits, some things
go our way on some legal matters. And so that's part of the benefit that we've had in there. If you think
about equipment and software, it's an interesting line item because even within there, there are items that
will go both ways. We've also invested more heavily in infrastructure there. But at the same time, that's
where there are some capital IT projects that we might not do.

And then there's also an overlay on both of these, where we have to think about what's related to the
core business, either from an assets perspective or just client activity. Things like market data, third-party
advisory fees, sub-custody, brokerage clearing. Those are the -- some of those line items that will add up
to that kind of roughly 30% to 40% number that we're thinking about.

And then in occupancy, just to refresh your memory on some of the things we've talked about, we had
already been in late stages of some larger transitions and investments and we talked about the fact that
in the short run, we might have some overlap in rent and investment, and we think that's going to peak
around second quarter. And then we should get the benefit of that more in the second half of the year.

Brennan Hawken
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Okay. That helps. And when we think about -- I think you mentioned the legal benefits that you've
been receiving in some of these lines. Could you help us maybe calibrate how much that helped 1Q, if
we should think about any of that? I would think legal benefits are somewhat episodic, but is that the
right way to think about it? Or is that some -- is there some sustainability to those benefits? Any noise
calibration would also be helpful.

Mark M. Bette
Senior VP & Director of Investor Relations

Yes. Brennan, this is Mark. I mean I would start with the outside services category, you do get consulting
and legal as 2 expenses that I would say will fluctuate based on engagements. So -- and when you look
at, in general, how much they make up of the category, it's actually a fairly small percentage. It's just that
they can be volatile from quarter-to-quarter. So they might make up 15% to 20% of the expenses if we
even that of the category.

But they do, based on timing of engagements, will go favorable or they might pop up in a given quarter.
I would say this quarter was one where the engagements was -- were lower, and there was some benefit
in the expense that we realized. But I don't know that I would necessarily portray that as a trend, but
contractor expenses and things like that that go into things like consulting, certainly, that's something that
can be an area that we can focus on managing.

Operator

Our next question comes from Brian Kleinhanzl with KBW.

Brian Matthew Kleinhanzl
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

I hear what you're saying about the NII being down in the second quarter, but how do you think about it
then after the second quarter? Is there a period of time that the liabilities will catch up on the repricing
side? And kind of how we think about deposit betas moving forward?

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

Well, I think that in the -- there's 2 competing factors there. One is our desire in the short run to make
sure that we're maximizing loan capacity effectively for our clients. I think, but in the longer run, this
base of business is based on deposits that's more core, we'll be able to invest in a better way. The counter

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

to that is that the duration that we built in the portfolio will start to dissipate. And so the more we're
reinvesting of the portfolio that we had coming into this year, the more we're going to experience the
impact of lower nominal rates.

And even so -- even if we're taking longer duration and to -- even if we're extending the portfolio from
a reinvestment perspective, we'll be doing so with -- in a lower interest rate environment. And so that --
those competing factors will operate. And I think it's up to everybody to have their own determinations of
what they think the interest rate environment is going to look like in the immediate -- in the intermediate
term.

Brian Matthew Kleinhanzl
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

And then just a second question on the custody and fund admin fees. Is there any way to tease out what
the pickup in activity meant for fees in the quarter, like comparing fourth quarter to first quarter? I know
some clients are price-based on activity levels.

Mark M. Bette
Senior VP & Director of Investor Relations

Yes. Brian, it's Mark. So I would say that when you look at the sequential performance for custody and
fund services, there was a -- there was some market benefit. Again, there's month-lag and quarter-lag
fees, there are more month lag than quarter lag. And actually, the EAFE local was slightly negative on a
month-lag sequential basis. So there was a little bit of market pickup, but there was, also to Jason's point
earlier, about the 1% sequential kind of organic 1-ish percent organic growth.

We usually look at organic on year-over-year. But sequentially, that's probably in the right range, a little
more than that. There was a drag from currencies. So that's kind of -- those are the largest factors.
There's also some other non-asset level fees that were a little bit down sequentially, things like account-
level fees and things like that. But so overall, kind of balanced out to flattish, I would say.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Great. Just wanted to just go over that, the pricing on the custody business and the Wealth Management
business. I know the mix has changed over time because you've been servicing more people on the
administrative basis, particularly in alternatives, and that's created a little bit more of an averaging mix
than it used to be historically.

But if you could just review within the C&IS asset servicing business, what portion of that book is priced
on a quarter-end lag versus more of an averaging basis? And then just same within Wealth Management,
what portion of that is priced on that 1-month lag, I think the custody part of that that you don't manage
in Wealth Management? I think that's on a prior quarter lag, if I'm not mistaken. So if you're able to just
review that price [ difference ].

Mark M. Bette
Senior VP & Director of Investor Relations

Yes. Brian, this is Mark. So yes, it's pretty similar to what we've said before. So with custody and fund
administration, first, and this is in C&IS, there's about 35% to 40%, call it, 40% of fees that are not asset-
value sensitive. So that's the first part. Of the fees that are asset value sensitive, so the remaining 60%,
about 3/4 of those are a month lag and 1/4 of them are quarter lag, which is similar to what we've -- what
we would have updated a year ago.

I think last time, we had a change in markets when we gave that update. And then remember, as far
as the asset sensitive, it's not all equity exposure because we have an allocation across multiple asset

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

classes. When you get to the Wealth Management side, I would probably divide it between the regions and
the global family office. The global family office business, you're right. There is a -- that is probably more
leaned toward the quarter lag. It's similar to the asset servicing business and C&IS. And there's also about
1/4 of those fees that aren't asset-sensitive, more like what you see on the asset servicing side of C&IS.

And the regions, and I would combine the regions together, then you're looking at about 3/4 or more of
those fees being a month lag. So hopefully, that gives you an idea. Not a significant change, though, from
what we've said before there.

Brian Matthew Kleinhanzl
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Okay. That's perfect. And then just -- I just missed the comment on the GDP assumption that you had in
the -- for the credit provisions. If you could just reiterate that?

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

Sure. So the baseline that we went with for the March 31 for the reporting cycle had peak to trough down
a little over 6% -- 6.1%. And then the update subsequent to that is it's down 7.5%.

Operator

Our next question comes from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I had 2 questions. One, just on the comments that you made earlier in the call around the medium-term
caution in the pipeline, could you just give us a sense as to the drivers of that? And how long you think
that -- what your view of medium-term is?

And then maybe you could give us a sense as to this is really just a push out, not an evaporation. So
maybe you could speak to how that comes back into your run rate as things open up.

Michael G. O’Grady
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure, Betsy, it's Mike. I'll add on to what Jason said earlier. So it's -- if you think about the flow of new
business, there's business that we've won. And it's a matter of transitioning that business on. And one of
the things that, again, I want to give credit to our team on, is the fact that even in the month of March,
with everything that happened, we were able to transition the majority of the business that was scheduled
to be transitioned. So in that sense, that's why we say, right now, that will look good.

Having said that, there are new mandates that were to transition in April, for example, or May or June,
that it's not only that we're in, I'll call it, the work-from-home mode, but that the clients are as well. And
so they've said, "Let's move our transition back further." So they're deferred transitions. So when Jason
talked about in the medium term, that would be new business that would come on, for example, in the
second or the third quarter that now has been moved back.

And then if you then also think about what's happening with the client base, certainly winning new clients
is new business for us, but it's also the flow activity that they have, whether that's an institutional client
and what they're doing with their funds. Are they more in a spending mode, if you will, utilizing mode,
if they're a sovereign wealth fund, that's being impacted by the environment? Or if they're an asset
manager, are they a part of the market that is a net gainer of flows or a net outflow? And that, of course,
then will impact us as well.

And then the last piece is just, well, what about new business activity where you're in the process of
winning? Yes. There's some slowdown in, I would say, mandate-type decisions. But also with a lot of
activity like this, we do see plenty of our clients that are saying, we've been talking about outsourcing for
some time period, whether that's the whole middle office, or that's trading.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

You know what, now that we've gone through this time period, we can see that you're in a better position
to do that for us than for us to do on our own. So let's continue that dialogue. And then we can figure out
when we'll decide to do it and hopefully do it with us as well. And so that happens. That's why we say,
longer term, we see a lot of opportunities. But that's not going to impact the third or fourth quarter of this
year.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Right. So the medium-term and the pushout of the pipeline install is really a function of when you can get
back into clients' offices, which is a little bit TBD, but it's a pushout, not an evaporation?

Michael G. O’Grady
Chairman, President & CEO

Correct.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

And then could you speak a little bit to how you're thinking about the buybacks? I know that you stopped
them, but you obviously have a significant amount of capital. Just wondering how you're thinking about
what the triggers will be for you to restart that?

Michael G. O’Grady
Chairman, President & CEO

Betsy, it's Mike again. So with regard to capital management and specifically share repurchases, as you
know, there's been a tremendous amount of attention and rigor around capital management going back
to the financial crisis. So in that sense, I would say, we feel very good about the process around capital
management and how we think about capital actions and the stress testing that we do, et cetera. And the
reality is that now we're in an actual stress. And so it is an opportunity to be able to demonstrate that we
can execute then on our capital actions the way that we thought of when we were going through various
stress scenarios.

So being able to pull the lever on share repurchase like we did in, say, tremendous amount of uncertainty,
we can stop that very easily. That's the benefit of share repurchases. And we said for the foreseeable
future. And that's just because the environment can change, and there are many factors that go into it, as
you know, but looking at our capital levels, looking at the profitability levels, the stress testing results with
the Fed, all of that plays into the Board's decision on how they think about capital actions.

So just as it was easy, I would say, to pull the lever to stop share repurchases, technically, it's very easy to
push the lever the other direction. It's more just being able to assess the environment and the outlook at
the time to be able to determine when that's appropriate.

Operator

Our next question comes from Gerard Cassidy with RBC.

Gerard S. Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

I'd like to follow up on the credit comments. Northern Trust is obviously very well-regarded when it comes
to credit. You guys have done a phenomenal job in the last 20 years. It was interesting in 2001, there was
exposure to Enron, which surprised everybody that Northern would have that kind of credit.

And what we discovered was as part of the employment benefits processing that you did for Enron, you
were asked to join the revolver line what they did at the time. Are there any of those outside situations
today that we just wouldn't expect Northern to have a credit exposure? I'm not asking for specific names,
but just to XYZ companies like, "Wow, how did that happen?" is there any of that on the books today
versus what it was in '01?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Michael G. O’Grady
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, I appreciate the historical perspective on that going back to 2001. And I would say as far as the
nature of how we think about credit, it's still very similar. I mean it's aligned with our overall business and
with holistic relationships. So that has not changed. And specifically to clients where we are the custodian
for their pension plans, we often then are participating in their credit facilities.

Now when you look at that portfolio of companies, it still goes through a very rigorous credit process.
And so it's a very high-quality set of companies as well and high-quality set of credits. There's no way
that we can necessarily predict which sectors are going to be impacted by a particular stress scenario.
And so we wouldn't make the type of statement to say and we have no exposures to any sectors that are
troubled right now. Certainly, we do. But all of that, we try to manage the size of the exposures for that.
And that's just -- you've just identified one area, which is on the corporate side. Certainly, we work with
asset managers.

So we're providing credit to the different types of asset managers. And then on the wealth side, the nature
of where wealth is developed. And so that can either be the companies that are owned by families, but
also the individual credit needs. As Mark mentioned, about 20% of our portfolio overall is basically margin
lending. It's collateralized by their investment portfolio. And so that would reflect the nature of that credit
needs for that part of the client base.

Gerard S. Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

I appreciate it.

Operator

Our next question comes from Brennan Hawken with UBS.

Brennan Hawken
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Thanks for taking my follow-ups. Just quick on fee waivers. Could you give us the breakdown of your
money fund AUM mix in between prime, Govi and muni?

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

Not sure I have it as handy. Why don't we...

Mark M. Bette
Senior VP & Director of Investor Relations

Yes, we can follow up with you, I mean...

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

Because it's available...

Mark M. Bette
Senior VP & Director of Investor Relations

A lot of that would be public on the Northern Funds, Northern Institutional Funds website, but we could
follow up with that, Brennan.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research.

Steven Joseph Chubak
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Wolfe Research, LLC

I just want to make sure, it's a quick modeling question. The other income line, there was a lot of noise
this quarter. As we think about the right jumping off point for 2Q, given with some of the BOLI tailwinds,
how should we be thinking about the appropriate run rate beginning in the second quarter?

Michael G. O’Grady
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure. Mark, do you want to...

Mark M. Bette
Senior VP & Director of Investor Relations

Yes. Steven, I can try to take that. So it is a hard one because there is a lot that moves around within that
category. I guess one way that I've kind of talked about, I think even on the last call, we kind of talked
about it. Certainly, you have BOLI that has come in incrementally in each of the last 4 quarters, with this
quarter being about $13 million.

So if you took BOLI out as well as some of the things that we've had like last quarter, we had a lease loss
of $20.8 million. If you adjust taking BOLI out the last 4 quarters and adjust for the things we've called
out, and you kind of did the math, you're probably looking at an average run rate of, call it, $33 million,
$34 million. And then in theory, you could then say, "Okay, well, let me add the full run rate of BOLI in and
add $13 million to that." So maybe that gets you to the $45 million, $47 million range.

I would just caution, though, it is a very -- there is volatility in that line. So it's a hard one. There's things
like currency hedging that flows through that line. We've talked about some of the things that this quarter,
some of the marks might flow through that line. The Visa-related income-expense type of swap marks flow
through that line as well. So it certainly does move around. But if you looked at it over a longer period,
you could use that potentially as kind of an average run rate.

Operator

Thank you. Ladies and...

Jason Jerrome Tyler
CFO & Executive VP

Great. And really quick, I'm going to save Mark a follow-up call because I do have the AUM breakout. So
cash AUM at about $235 billion at period-end. Fixed income, about $150 billion and some of lump index
and active equity at about 4.25% and then call the rest other and leave it there.

Operator
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's Q&A and teleconference. Thank you for joining
us. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

