Newell Brands Inc. NasdaqGS:NWL
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, February 14, 2020 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.37

0.42

13.51

0.09

1.64

1.70

3.66

1.49

2579.82

2623.90

1.71

2010.68

9679.36

9714.90

0.37

9640.00

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-14-2020 1:22 PM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.06

0.36

0.55

0.37

0.14

0.45

0.73

0.42

133.33 %

25.00 %

32.73 %

13.51 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
NEWELL BRANDS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 14, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Christopher H. Peterson
CFO & President of Business
Operations

Nancy O'Donnell
Senior Vice President of
Investor Relations & Corporate
Communications

Ravichandra K. Saligram
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Joseph Nicholas Altobello
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Olivia Tong
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Wendy Caroline Nicholson
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

William Bates Chappell
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey,
Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

NEWELL BRANDS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 14, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to Newell Brands' Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. A live webcast of this call is available
at ir.newellbrands.com. I will now turn the call over to Nancy O'Donnell, Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations. Ms. O'Donnell, you may begin. .

Nancy O'Donnell
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Newell Brands quarterly earnings call. On the call
with me today are Ravi Saligram, our President and CEO; and Chris Peterson, our CFO and President,
Business Operations.

Before we begin, I'd like to inform you that during the course of today's call, we will be making forward-
looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results and outcomes may differ
materially. I refer you to the cautionary language and risk factors available in our press release and our
Form 10-K and 10-Q for a further discussion of factors affecting these forward-looking statements.

Please also recognize that today's remarks will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures, including
those we refer to as normalized measures. We believe these non-GAAP measures are useful to investors,
although they should not be considered superior to the measures presented in accordance with GAAP.
Explanations of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP measures can
be found in today's earnings release and tables as well as on Newell's Investor Relations website.

Thanks for your attention. I'll turn the call over to Ravi.

Ravichandra K. Saligram
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Nancy. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the call.

I'm pleased to be with you today to discuss our strong fourth quarter results and to share my observations
on the encouraging progress the company has made in 2019. I recently have completed my first 100 days
with Newell Brands, and I understand the challenges we face in our turnaround as well as the strengths
of the organization. I will first discuss the progress we made in 2019, give you a sense for our priorities in
2020 and then turn the call over to Chris to discuss fourth quarter and our 2020 outlook.

2019 was an important year of inflection for Newell. We made significant strides against the 5 pillars of
the turnaround plan, which include returning the company to sustainable and profitable core sales growth,
expanding operating margins through productivity and overhead savings, accelerating cash conversion
cycle through working capital transformation, strengthening the portfolio of brands and businesses in
which we compete and build out a winning team.

I'll start with the last pillar, a winning team, because I firmly believe that the most important foundation
for a successful turnaround and for enabling a company to return to its full potential is to build the
right leadership team. Newell has dedicated and passionate employees who want to win. With the right
leadership in place, we can maximize their potential and drive better outcomes through clarity of direction,
removing barriers and focusing the right people on the right things.

We're also optimizing our organizational structure. We believe that given the diverse nature of our
products and categories, it is important to have dedicated front-facing go-to-market business units
with the requisite domain expertise, headed by business unit CEOs for strong drivers of sustainable
profitable revenue growth and experts at leveraging consumer insights and customer relationships to
drive meaningful innovation. At the same time, we expect them to be superb collaborators to support the
enterprise in attaining back-end synergies and efficiencies by leveraging Newell's scale. We do not want

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

NEWELL BRANDS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 14, 2020

to be an overly centralized organization, nor do we want to be a commonwealth of independent states.
We will differentiate our brands through a business unit structure and synergized through enterprise
efficiencies.

To that end, we're announcing 2 new senior leaders today. First, Mike McDermott, who joined us recently
to lead our commercial business as business unit CEO, including Rubbermaid Commercial Products and
MAPA/Spontex. Mike has had a stellar career, most recently at Bass Pro Shops, where he was President of
Omni-Channel Retail and, before that, as Executive Vice President and Chief Customer Officer at Lowe's.
He was also Head of Sales for GE Appliances and led product innovation. Mike is an inspirational leader
with great people skills and impressive category expertise. He has spent the last few weeks meeting with
his new team and immersing himself in that business. We are thrilled to have him on board.

We also announced the imminent arrival of Kris Malkoski, who will be joining Newell Brands next week as
business unit CEO of our Food business, which includes the Rubbermaid food, Sistema, Ball and FoodSaver
brands. Kris joins us with extensive experience in the food and housewares category, having served as
CEO of Americas for Arc International, a French glassware company and, before that, at World Kitchen,
where she was President of Global Business and Chief Commercial Officer with responsibility of their
global housewares business, including brands such as Pyrex, CorningWare and Corelle. Kris got her deed
at Procter & Gamble, where she had an illustrious career for 14 years. She is a strong P&L leader with
relevant experience and a terrific track record of driving innovation. We're excited to have her join us and
build on the recent momentum in this important business.

We're in the late stages of a search for a CEO for outdoor -- for our outdoor business and naming a chief
customer officer. We have also brought in strong leaders in several key positions at the business unit level
and in the functions. In fact, since joining Newell about a year ago, Chris has totally revamped the finance
function, having brought in a new chief accounting officer, a new head of tax accounting, a new head of
supply chain, finance and new head of global business services in 2019. You can see that with all these
changes, it really is a new Newell.

The first pillar of our turnaround, returning the company to sustainable, profitable core sales growth
remains a top priority. Our 2019 core sales trajectory showed steady improvement this year with 4 of our
8 business units delivering positive growth in 2019. Those businesses are Connected Home & Security,
Writing, Home Fragrance and Baby. We're also excited that the Food business grew high single digits in
Q4, reversing 2 quarters of declines, and we are optimistic about its prospects in 2020. Kudos to these
teams for their hard work.

We generated double-digit growth in e-commerce, and we delivered and returned to growth in our
international markets, where core sales grew low single digits versus a low single digit decline in 2018. We
have begun to revamp the company's innovation process with insights from the newly developed multiyear
product road maps, helping to repopulate and strengthen the innovation pipeline. This process takes
time, and there's clearly much work to be done, particularly in our more challenged businesses, including
Outdoor & Recreation and Appliances & Cookware.

We also overhauled our marketing approach to introduce omni-channel focus and a digital-first mindset
across the organization with the goal of ensuring a seamless interaction between our brands and
consumers across all channels where they shop. Although still nascent, we have started to build out our
social and digital marketing capability, and we are beginning to leverage machine learning and AI tools in
parts of the organization.

Moving on to the second strategic priority of expanding operating margins through productivity and
overhead cost savings. During 2019, we expanded our normalized operating margins by 50 basis points
through productivity and disciplined pricing actions to overcome inflation and tariffs. We also made good
progress on complexity reduction initiatives, including reducing SKUs by 27%, implementing 4 SAP
conversions and consolidating 7 distribution centers and 2 manufacturing plants, with more to come on
that front in 2020.

In relation to the third pillar, strengthening the portfolio, at the end of 2019, we completed the sale of U.S.
Playing Cards, which brought the company's 2-year divestiture program to a close. I'd like to thank Brad

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

NEWELL BRANDS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 14, 2020

Turner, our General Counsel; and Jason Mullins, SVP of Mergers and Acquisitions, and their teams for their
exemplary work on this initiative. During 2019, we also made the decisive choice to retain the Rubbermaid
Commercial Products, MAPA/Spontex and Quickie businesses, which we expect to be additive to the value
creation formula as part of our ongoing portfolio.

The fourth pillar of our turnaround plan centers around improving the company's cash conversion cycle
through more efficient working capital management. The team, under Chris' leadership, did a tremendous
job on our front in 2019, reducing our cash conversion cycle by more than 10 days on a like-for-like basis.
Operating cash flow improved 54% during 2019 to more than $1 billion, let me repeat that, more than
$1 billion with free cash flow productivity over 100%, a significant achievement for the organization. And
importantly, this enabled us to continue to pay down our debt, achieving a 4.0 leverage ratio as we closed
the year and making progress in derisking our balance sheet.

In 2019, we've pivoted from transformation to turnaround and made good progress on many fronts. I
want to thank our business unit heads, functional heads, their teams and all 30,000 employees for their
resilience and notable results.

2020 is a true foundational year for the turnaround. We have the right management team in place, a more
stable organization, clarity of direction and a clear set of priorities. We have 2 critical goals: first, continue
to accelerate cash generation and reduce debt; and two, stop revenue declines and lay the foundation
to restore long-term profitable growth. We will achieve these goals by focusing on 5 critical priorities.
First, put in place a consumer customer-focused, collaborative leadership team with domain expertise to
galvanize the organization and create a culture of winning in the marketplace. Second, obsessively focus
on cash flow through working capital improvements and debt reduction to achieve our long-term target of
3x net debt to continuing operations normalized EBITDA. Third, start revenue declines by scaling existing
and new innovations, closing distribution gaps, optimizing marketing mix, turbocharging online channels
and reenergizing tail categories. Fourth, improve operating margins by reducing complexity, including
SKU reduction, addressing E&O, standardizing IT systems and controlling overheads. And fifth, launching
a major new productivity program to capture the gross margin opportunity we've laid out, which we are
calling Project FUEL. FUEL stands for Finding Untapped Efficiencies and Leverage. This major initiative will
focus on product value engineering, automation, improving client operational efficiency, et cetera, across
all business units and enterprise.

The new leadership team at Newell is committed to achieving these goals and being laser-focused
on executing against the 5 priorities. However, in all of Canada, getting to revenue growth will take
some time and would be challenging because 4 of our businesses are still in decline. I'm confident that
the new business unit CEOs in place and recent momentum in food and commercial will get back on
track. Our 2 big challenges are appliances and outdoor. Revving up the innovation pipeline and instilling
customer confidence will not happen overnight. Hence, 2020 will be more of a foundational year for these
businesses, and there'll still be a downward drag for the enterprise. I am more optimistic about our ability
to improve operating margins in the near term due to a head start in 2019. And I'm enthusiastic about
cash flow becoming a true hallmark of Newell and to heighten our chances of success on both cash flow
and margins.

Let me now unveil my secret weapon. I'm excited to announce a significant expansion responsibility
for Chris Peterson. I'm appointing him as President, Business Operations in addition to his current role
as Chief Financial Officer. Chris has done a great job in 2019, laying out a turnaround framework and
galvanizing the organization to reduce complexity. I also fondly refer to him as our cash flow guru. He and
I are partnering very well in the turnaround of the company, and both of us are cash flow junkies.

Given the critical importance of Project FUEL and improving operating margins, I have requested Chris
to take on oversight of both supply chain and procurement; Dennis Senovich, our Chief Supply Chain
Officer; and Steve Nikolopoulos, our Chief Procurement Officer, will both report to Chris. In addition, he'll
be responsible for Investor Relations as well as IT. In his role as President, Business Operations,

Chris will work on eliminating all aspects of complexity in Newell and position the company as an efficient
enterprise by taking advantage of our almost $10 billion in scale.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

NEWELL BRANDS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 14, 2020

I have absolute conviction that the new Newell will drive shareholder value. I'm fixated on returning
this company to one that fulfills our promises to our employees, our customers, our consumers and our
shareholders. I look forward to keeping you updated on our progress.

I'll now turn it over to Chris.

Christopher H. Peterson
CFO & President of Business Operations

Thanks, Ravi, and good morning, everyone.

I'm really excited about the new role and continuing to work with all of our employees to drive our
turnaround plan, including the simplification and cost agenda.

The fourth quarter capped off a strong year of progress on the turnaround plan with results ahead of plan
across all key metrics. The decisive and strategic choices we took over the past 12 months to turn Newell
Brands around and drive shareholder value are clearly working, and we are focused on building on this
momentum.

Before discussing the Q4 results and outlook, I want to recap the company's full year 2019 results. For
2019, core sales growth increased by 330 basis points from a 5.2% decline in 2018 to a 1.9% decline
in 2019. Gross productivity improvement and overhead reductions more than offset higher advertising
spending, inflation, foreign exchange and tariffs, driving a 50 basis point year-over-year expansion in
normalized operating margin.

Operating cash flow improved more than 50% to over $1 billion with free cash flow more than doubling
versus a year ago, $779 million. We made significant progress on complexity reduction as we took
out more than 27% of our SKUs or approximately 28,000 SKUs during the year. We implemented 4
successful SAP conversions. We significantly simplified the IT infrastructure by rationalizing more than
2,700 applications and integrating 24 help desks into a single platform. We shut down more than 60
unprofitable direct-to-consumer websites. We eliminated 46 consumer service locations. We consolidated
the company's real estate footprint by closing or reducing space in 21 office sites. We relocated the
corporate headquarters back to Atlanta. We streamlined the supply chain by closing 7 distribution centers
and 2 manufacturing plants, and we completed the divestiture program.

Now let's move on to Q4 results. Net sales decreased 3.1% versus last year to $2.6 billion due to
unfavorable foreign exchange and a 1.5% decline in core sales. Core sales growth was better than
expected, driven by stronger-than-expected growth in Food and Writing. Four business units, Writing,
Baby, Home Fragrance and Food, delivered positive core sales growth, with e-commerce continuing its
double-digit growth trajectory. Normalized operating margin remained flat year-over-year at 11.3%, which
was in line with the company expectations with the outcome driven by disciplined spending controls,
productivity initiatives and pricing actions. Normalized gross margin contracted 70 basis points year-over-
year to 33.5% as productivity and pricing were offset by unfavorable impact from foreign exchange, tariffs
and inflation.

Overhead cost reduction offset the gross margin pressure in Q4. Net interest expense came down by more
than $33 million year-over-year, reflecting the company's deleveraging progress. The normalized tax rate
was 23.2%, about in line with expectations. Normalized net income from discontinued operations was
$8 million as compared to nearly $164 million a year ago with the year-over-year decline driven by the
absence of Pure Fishing, Jostens, Process Solutions and Rexair. Normalized diluted earnings per share from
continuing operations improved 33% year-over-year to $0.40. Total company normalized diluted earnings
per share came in at $0.42 and exceeded our outlook due to better core sales results.

Now let's move to the segment performance. Core sales for the Learning & Development segment
increased 0.9% in Q4, reflecting core sales growth in both Baby and Writing. Within Baby, the 4Ever
franchise and toddler car seats, along with new innovation in the swings category, continues to drive POS
growth for Graco. Growth in the core Writing business more than offset the headwind from weakness in
the Slime category.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

NEWELL BRANDS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 14, 2020

Core sales for the Food and commercial segment also increased 0.9%. The Food business grew nicely in
Q4, reflecting the benefit from the previously disclosed shift and selling for Black Friday orders as well as
strength in the Fresh Preserving franchise. The commercial division, while still under pressure, improved
sequentially relative to Q3, as the team is making progress in rebuilding the momentum. Note that
starting in Q4, the commercial business now includes Rubbermaid Commercial Products, MAPA/Spontex
and Quickie businesses.

In Q4, core sales for the Home & Outdoor Living segment declined 2.8%. The Home Fragrance business
built on the momentum from the prior quarter during the important holiday period, reflecting strength
in e-commerce, EMEA and the wholesale channel. The team opened a new state-of-the-art research and
development facility in South Deerfield, Massachusetts, which enhances capability and capacity to develop,
prototype and test new innovations across the entire range of products within the Home Fragrance
portfolio.

As anticipated, the Connected Home & Security business declined as a result of sell-in timing for the fire
safety month promotions, which helped Q3. Core sales for the Outdoor & Recreation business remained in
the negative territory. Lastly, core sales for the Appliances & Cookware segment remained soft, declining
4.6%. Similar to what we've experienced in recent quarters, softness in North America more than offset
strong results in Latin America.

Let's switch gears to cash flow, which came in ahead of our expectations due to diligent efforts across the
organization to reduce the company's working capital needs. Operating cash flow improved more than
24% year-over-year to $620 million during the seasonally most significant quarter of the year. This was
a remarkable achievement, particularly considering the loss contribution from businesses that have been
sold. During the fourth quarter, we used the proceeds from the U.S. Playing Cards transaction as well as
operating cash flow to reduce the company's debt by over $600 million with plans in place to continue to
strengthen the balance sheet in 2020. We exited 2019 with a net debt to continuing operations normalized
EBITDA leverage ratio of 4.0x, a meaningful improvement versus last year.

Turning to 2020. I want to start by providing some context for our plan. In 2020, we are planning
another year of sequential progress on top line growth and improvement in operating margin, driven by
gross productivity improvements and overhead reduction, which more than offset the impact of higher
advertising and promotion spending, commodity and wage inflation, tariffs and foreign exchange. And
we expect to deliver another strong year of cash flow as we continue to drive improvement in our cash
conversion cycle.

The unfortunate outbreak of the coronavirus has taken over recent headlines, and we are closely
monitoring the situation to, first and foremost, ensure the safety of our employees as well as plan for
business continuity. Based on what we know today, we are pleased that there are no suspected or
confirmed coronavirus cases for any direct Newell staff. While we do not have any significant third-party
suppliers in the Wuhan area, our suppliers are experiencing some disruption from slower start-up in the
factories after the Chinese New Year break and more restricted travel in the country.

Our current outlook for the first quarter assumes about 1% headwind on top line from these issues,
mostly impacting the Appliances & Cookware and Outdoor & Recreation businesses. Our guidance assumes
the impact is temporary and contained to the first quarter. Our cross-functional team will continue to stay
close to the situation and implement mitigating actions as necessary.

Specifically, our initial outlook for 2020 is the following: net sales of $9.4 million to $9.55 billion with
core sales flat to down 2% and a more than 100 basis point headwind from foreign currency; closure
of underperforming Yankee Candle retail stores as well as the exit by Newell from the North America
distribution of uni-ball writing products; normalized operating margin improvement of 10 to 40 basis
points to 10.9% to 11.2% as carryover pricing, meaningful productivity gains and tight overhead spending
fund increases in A&P and capability investments and offset approximately $165 million in inflationary,
tariff and currency-related pressure. Normalized effective tax rate is expected to be in the midteens range.

We expect normalized diluted earnings per share in a range of $1.46 to $1.56 with a diluted share count
of around 426 million. We expect 2020 to be another strong cash flow year and are forecasting cash flow

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

NEWELL BRANDS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 14, 2020

from operations in the $1.0 billion to $1.15 billion range with free cash flow productivity in excess of 100%
for the second consecutive year. In fact, based on Newell's strong cash flow generation capability, the free
cash flow yield based on the current stock price is over 9%.

Looking at Q1 specifically, we currently expect net sales in the $1.9 billion to $1.95 billion range as core
sales are forecast to be down 3% to 5%, largely reflecting timing impacts of order shipments in Food
related to SAP implementation in the prior year and Home Fragrance pipeline fill related to WoodWick
wholesale expansion in the prior year as well as the potential incremental headwind from the coronavirus.
We currently anticipate normalized operating margin to decline 50 to 90 basis points to 5.2% to 5.6% due
to an increase in advertising spending versus the prior year. Given the seasonality of the business, Q1 is
the smallest quarter of the year for Newell brands, which means that comparisons can be easily skewed.
The normalized effective tax rate is estimated in the low single digits. Normalized diluted earnings per
share for the company are projected within a $0.05 to $0.08 range with a diluted share count of around
425 million.
In closing, we are very excited about the progress we have made on the turnaround strategy in 2019, and
we expect to deliver another year of sequential progress in 2020. The leadership team that we are building
gives us confidence that we will continue to improve the operating performance of the company and build
shareholder value. Operator, let's now begin the Q&A session.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

NEWELL BRANDS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 14, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays Capital.

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I was hoping you could talk a little bit about how you are thinking about the innovation process and filling
up that pipeline, if there's things you could talk about in terms of sourcing ideas, things you're doing to
better understand the consumer landscape. I think there's been, in the last 5 years, probably an enormous
amount of activity in some of your categories from smaller kind of more upstart brands, where you might
not have thought -- I wouldn't have necessarily thought that was going to happen in the categories in
which Newell competes. Can you talk about the lens for which you're looking to upgrade and evolve the
innovation process? It'd be great.

Ravichandra K. Saligram
President, CEO & Director

Thank you so much, Lauren, for the question. First of all, you hit on something really critical. Because
the super majority of our businesses, in fact, probably all of them, are very responsive to innovation.
And, yes, in some categories, we have taken our eye off the ball and let some people come up and come
out with innovation. Now the whole point about this -- I think the first point is they've got to create
a consumer-first mindset in the company, where the DNA fundamentally shifts to say, "You've got to
understand the consumer journey from beginning to understand." And it also is about being on trend,
understanding what are the trends anticipating them and really being on top of them. And part of that is
about colors. It's about design. It's about form, but also about real insights where you say, "Hey, can you
do meaningful innovation?"

The second part of it is we have even -- so take Appliances & Cookware. We have 36 categories. There
are a lot of categories which are small and were ignored for almost a decade. And that's where someone
will come up and say, "Let's do something." So it's important to renovate even your smaller categories.
They don't have to be magical, but you've got to bring news. Because news is pretty important. And then
the third part is, once you get that, how do you scale these innovations in the marketplace through really
focusing on the right marketing mix and saying, which ones do you really go after?

So when you think about it today, this year, we've brought the year of the pen. And I think that team's
done a brilliant job because they got in front of them. They realized that the pen category is a large
category. We have a terrific brand in Sharpie that has amazing consumer equity, but was not in pens. So
-- and from that, they really drove innovation. And it was a cross-functional collaboration team. They also
did it with speed. So I really believe it can be done and, hence, bringing in really consumer-driven people
who have both packaged goods experience, durables experience to understand the gamut of consumer,
people like Mike, people like Kris coming in. And I think we are populating the businesses with people who
really have done innovation all their lives. So I'm quite confident. It's just a matter of when, not if.

Christopher H. Peterson
CFO & President of Business Operations

The only other point I would -- Lauren, the only other point I would add is that we did, over the past
12 months, put an innovation review process in place, which we've now gone through with each of the
divisions. And not surprisingly, you can see the divisions that we've returned to core sales growth are
the divisions that have the strongest innovation pipeline. And I think if you look broadly at the company
today, our innovation pipeline, as we sit here today for the next couple of years, is stronger today than
where we were 12 months ago. We're not where we need to be fully yet. I think we've got 4 divisions that
we've talked about that we've returned to core sales growth this year, and we feel very good about their
innovation pipelines. I think we've got -- we're making very good progress on food and commercial, as

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

NEWELL BRANDS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 14, 2020

Ravi had mentioned, and I think the 2 places where we have gaps in the innovation pipeline are appliances
and outdoor. And those are going to take a little longer for us to fully repopulate.

Ravichandra K. Saligram
President, CEO & Director

So one other thing I would add is you asked about, are we going to look outside? First, to me, because
we were -- with the business unit structure, had become a little bit of a commonwealth of independent
states, the collaboration between our R&D groups has not been assigned. So we're going to be creating
centers of excellence. So for instance, our connected home is really good on Internet of Things. And yet,
we also need that for something like Dymo in Writing. How do we connect these 2 groups to exchange
best practices?

Secondly, we are going to start partnering with firms outside which are doing a lot of innovation work
and to get to breakthrough ideas and breakthrough innovations. Because we can't just say everything's
going to come from inside. There's a lot of people who are doing things outside. And so we're going to
look at that. When you look at the other things, strategic shifts, a brilliant one has been Home Fragrance,
where they've gone from a candle company to a home fragrance company. And that shift has allowed
us to come up with car air fresheners, outdoor candles. And so they are really -- and the collaboration
between marketing and R&D there is superb.

Operator

Our next question comes from Olivia Tong with Bank of America.

Olivia Tong
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I wanted to start on core sales. Clearly, Q1, you explained a little bit of the step-down relative to Q4, but
your plan assumes core sales growth potentially by year-end. So can you talk a little bit about the steps to
getting there and what your view is on price versus volume? And also how much more SKU rationalization
are you anticipating after a 25% reduction this year?

Christopher H. Peterson
CFO & President of Business Operations

Yes. So if you look at the core sales guidance and the plan that we have, as I mentioned, we feel more
confident in our innovation pipeline heading into this year than we did at this time last year. Our core sales
guidance for the year are flat to down 2%. If you look at it on a 2-year stacked basis, it's actually a 400
basis point improvement in 2020 versus what the 2-year stack number would be for 2019. We do get off
to a little bit of a slower start in the first quarter, which is our seasonally smallest quarter because of the
3 timing issues that I mentioned, which is the SAP conversion that we did in the Food business April 1
last year that we mentioned on the first quarter call last year, the pipeline shipment on WoodWick as we
expanded that into wholesale and the coronavirus impact that I mentioned. But we're confident in the year
because we can see the stronger pipeline of innovation that we've got coming for the full year.

Olivia Tong
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Are you looking for incremental acceleration in the businesses are growing or for more of a turnaround in
the brands that aren't currently growing? And then, Ravi, as you look further into this portfolio, does your
outlook assume any potential for any exits of either product lines, brands, what have you?

Ravichandra K. Saligram
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So I think, look, we -- you always want to leverage your strengths. And clearly, the businesses that
have strength, we're going to continue to drive them. And there are going to be 2 -- the 4 that have
already been mentioned. But we are also optimistic about Food, which did well in Q4, as I mentioned. I
think -- and now with Kris coming on board, I think it's really -- I'm very bullish about the Food business.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

NEWELL BRANDS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 14, 2020

And for RCP, the Rubbermaid Commercial and MAPA/Spontex, we're really making that -- the core
business of -- the contractual business is in good shape with good innovation. It's the consumer business
of that business that we need to address, and we're already doing a lot of stuff there now. So with Mike
coming on board, I feel pretty good. So that means 4 plus 2. So the appliance and outdoor, we really need
to do somewhat that. So I think we've got to rely on the first 4 plus the 2. Now recognize in Writing, we've
got a terrific thing with year of the pen, but we have some issues with Slime. That is continuing to be a
little bit of a drag. But I'm so confident of all the great things that the Writing business is doing. That's
going to be a very positive thing for us.

So now let me get to the other issue in terms of how do we -- we've got to look at this. This is not a 1-
year deal. It's not a sprint. It's a marathon. And I'm still confident that Appliances & Cookware business
is a good business. It is growing. We're just losing share, and we need to just fix it. And I still think the
outdoor business is a good business. We've made progress now on beverage, which actually had some
growth. And the Marmot brand actually had some growth. So it's just all the other ones that are -- that
have been under a little bit of a downgrade. So, overall, I feel that we are making good progress. And
that's why, longer term, I really -- and the reason I joined is really because I feel we have great brands,
and we can improve the trajectory.

Operator

Our next question comes from Joe Altobello with Raymond James.

Joseph Nicholas Altobello
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

So I want to go back to the 2-problem children, I suppose, appliances and outdoor. And you guys talked
about this morning replenishing the innovation pipeline, potentially seeing growth in some of those
businesses down the road here. Is it purely an innovation issue? Or are there other issues in the retail
channel, for example, competitively that are hampering those businesses as well?

Ravichandra K. Saligram
President, CEO & Director

Joe, let me take a shot at it, and Chris can add some thoughts. So let's take each one. The Outdoor
& Recreation, we've really got 3 businesses there. You've got Marmot ExOfficio, which is the technical
apparel business . You've got Coleman, and then you've got the beverage business. So with Contigo and
bubba and so on. One thing we have done now , one of the organizational changes I've made is really
looking at them as 3 verticals rather than mush them all together because that's businesses. And we
have created a business champion against each of those businesses, so that they can really have domain
expertise and drive it. And we are also getting close to hiring a CEO for the entire business, so I feel pretty
good. The -- and we are now making good strides because it's taken us time. But even on Coleman, on
tents, so we've got 2 new tenants that have been accepted at a major retailer. And we're now beginning to
do refreshes of coolers, et cetera. And beverages, we're bringing some innovation looking for distribution
gaps. So innovation's one part of it. But when you have innovation, it is scaling those, and, also looking at
distribution and making sure that you're getting into the right distribution.

And third, we've got to make sure that channel management is very critical. Like the Marmot brand,
you've got to make sure that you manage the channels properly. Because if it's an upscale brand, you
want to make sure that its identity is kept intact. So I think it goes beyond innovation, but innovation's a
starting point. So it's also your marketing and your sales. And you do have private label competitors. For
instance, in the tent business, we've got a major retailer who is a big competitor. So you've got to know
that. And given some of these sourced from the same places, how do you compete? How do you build the
brands?

So Appliances & Cookware, slightly different. We have a lot of categories there. And we've had some
companies come in and really take a march on us on innovation. So we've got to fix that. But there's also
that business going a lot online. So we've got to figure out how do we be -- how do we become digital-

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

NEWELL BRANDS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 14, 2020

first? So those would be a couple of the points that I'd make to your point. Anything you want to add,
Chris, or...

Christopher H. Peterson
CFO & President of Business Operations

No, I think that's it. Those are the 2 problems. And I think we know what needs to be done. The only
thing I would add is that the categories themselves, we believe, are attractive because the Appliances &
Cookware category is growing and it's clearly responsive to innovation. And so we just have to do a better
job of providing that innovation that is connected to from consumer insights with products that represent a
superior value equation and do that in a way that's in strong partnership with our retail partners. So...

Ravichandra K. Saligram
President, CEO & Director

So one optimistic note I do want to bring in, just recently, Chris and I toured Japan. And we met with
our Japanese outdoor team. And it's a sizable business in Japan. It's incredible what they've done. It's
a premium brand. This I'm talking about the outdoor business. Coleman is a wonderful brand, and that
brand there has been growing for the last decade. And even this year, it grew. So -- and they're very
profitable, in Japan, mind you. So it can be done. It will be done. It's just a matter of when, not if.

Operator

Our next question comes from Bill Chappell with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.

William Bates Chappell
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

One housekeeping. Chris, maybe you could talk a little bit about the tax rate in the first quarter and on
the full year, and then kind of how that's sustainable or where that will go eventually. And then on the
question on Home Fragrance. On the core growth this year, the expectations, are there any further doors
to close? Or is that largely done? And where do you see distribution gains coming to kind of offset that?

Ravichandra K. Saligram
President, CEO & Director

You take the first one. I'll take the second one.

Christopher H. Peterson
CFO & President of Business Operations

All right. I'll start with the tax rate. So the tax rate guidance that we gave for both the quarter and for the
full year is impacted by discrete tax items. So the company has a number of discrete tax items that are
opportunities that we are aggressively pursuing. You saw that in the results this year, and that is factored
into our guidance for both the first quarter and for the full year next year. If you look at the ultimate going
tax rate of the company as we sit here today, the tax rate in the U.S. for the company is about in the
mid-20s, and our international tax rate's about in the teens. And so on a consolidated basis, a going tax
rate, excluding discrete items, would be somewhere around 20%. But in any given year, it could be less or
more than that based on the discrete items. So that's the current situation with the tax rate.

Ravichandra K. Saligram
President, CEO & Director

So on the Home Fragrance side, Bill, look, first of all, that team's doing a terrific job. And [Renton did the
innovation review with them, and they're really firing on all cylinders, and they've been very thoughtful
about the retail business. In fact, I have one of my former colleagues, who's an expert at retail, go take
a look at the retail business. And I think they've been quite thoughtful about it. The retail business does
for serve us as good brand-building and awareness-building. But they're all located in malls, and you know
what's happening in malls. And the traffic is coming down. And so, for us, I think it's just being pragmatic
and making sure we look at each store to say, is it profitable or not? And if it's not, over time, when the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

NEWELL BRANDS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 14, 2020

lease comes up for renewal, either we renegotiate the lease or terminate it. So -- but the good news is
there is a real shift occurring. First, we are making tremendous inroads with the mass merchants on this,
and the team's done a super job. Second, our own direct-to-consumer business is doing superbly well as
well. So it's not like -- so it's a matter of transferring the volume. So we'll systematically shut down stores
as they -- if they're not profitable and if we can't get the lower lease rates. So -- but there'll be a glide
path. But as we do that, we're going to keep transferring that volume to other channels.

Christopher H. Peterson
CFO & President of Business Operations

Yes. We -- specifically, we closed 75 stores in 2019. And I would expect, in 2020, it will be probably a
similar number of stores that we'll close. We don't know exactly the number because what's happening, as
we go to close stores, is, in many cases, the landlords come back to us and say, "Well, if we cut your rent,
would you stay?" And so in some cases, if the reduction in rent that we're able to achieve turns the store
profitable, we're agreeing to stay for a short period of time, typically not agreeing to lease us any longer
than 12 months out, though.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Quick housekeeping question for me as well, and then a larger question on margin investment levels.
So the housekeeping one related to the coronavirus. Can you just remind us how much of Newell's total
business as a percent of sales is currently sourced from China?

And then the bigger question for both of you is the longer-term opportunity for margins and adequacy of
investment levels. So the guidance is for 10 to 40 basis points of margin improvement this year. Chris, you
recall, of course, at CAGNY, you talked about 200 to 300 basis points of opportunity in gross margin. There
was 400 to 500 basis points in overheads. So this 600 basis -- 600 to 800 basis points opportunity, of
which I think loosely the expectation was half of that could potentially flow through to earnings, so that's
all a big windup for, how should investors be thinking about the long-term margin opportunity and cadence
of that margin improvement for Newell? Ravi, are you comfortable with current investment levels? And
then, as you know, it's not terribly uncommon for new CEOs to take an earnings reset. Did you give any
thought to that? You seem pretty bullish on the portfolio and the opportunity to return to growth. Could
you potentially accelerate that path by leaning in here a bit more heavily on investment levels this year?

Ravichandra K. Saligram
President, CEO & Director

Chris, why don't you start?

Christopher H. Peterson
CFO & President of Business Operations

So I'll start. Let me handle the coronavirus first. So the company has about 40% to 50% of its total
business that is sourced. I don't know that we've disclosed specifically how much of that 40% to 50% is
from China, but it's a significant part of that, that comes from China, not 100%, but a significant portion.
I would say China is our largest sourcing country out of that 40% to 50%. That being said, what we're
seeing on coronavirus, just to be clear, is our suppliers' factories have all started off. The issue is that the
workers in those factories are returning to work a little bit slower than what they typically would have
because of travel restrictions. And then the movement of goods in the country is a little bit slower because
of checkpoints and travel restrictions. And so as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we're staying
close to it. Our guidance assumes about a 1% negative impact to core sales in Q1, but we don't, at the
moment, contemplate that this will have a material impact to the year because of the timing of when
it's occurring, assuming that the situation continues to resolve. Obviously, we're not predicting what's
happening to the situation, but that's our current view.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

NEWELL BRANDS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 14, 2020

On the margin point, at CAGNY last year, our reported margins in 2018 were 9.1%. This year, we ended
at 10.8%. So our operating margin in 2019 is up 170 basis points from the reported operating margin in
2018, which was the number that I was starting from at CAGNY. Of that 170 basis points, 50 basis points
was like-for-like operating margin improvement and 120 basis points was because of the mix impact of
keeping the Rubbermaid Commercial Products, MAPA and Quickie business. So we've already taken a big
step forward on operating margins.

If you look at the margin guidance for this year, about 10 to 40 basis points, I think it reflects broadly
what we're talking about, which is the margin -- the contribution from gross productivity and from
overhead reduction is significantly higher than the 10 to 40 basis points, but we are reinvesting a good
portion of those savings back into higher advertising and promotion spend and into capability-building
investments that we think will set us up to continue to drive momentum going forward.

Ravichandra K. Saligram
President, CEO & Director

Okay. So let me address, Kevin, your question. So fair point on typically new CEOs want to reset. But
look, this is your -- I'm a third-time CEO. So I'm not here to prove things. Sole focus here is to drive
shareholder value. And get employees and gear it up, make Newell strong for the future. So I think
that's really my MO and agenda here. So having said that, when I look at our portfolio and looking at our
challenge ahead, I'm very pragmatic that we're in a turnaround. This is -- I think I was very clear that this
is not a transformation, and I think Chris recognized that, and hence it was easy for me to build on that.

Second, this is like a big jumbo jet. And let's say it's got 8 engines. Maybe 2 are out, and 2 we have
started repairing. But you've got to fly to the destination. You can't just say, "We'll take a break." You are
midair. So you recognize there are certain challenges that you've got to walk and chew gum at the same
time. So is the level of investment in certain areas where I'd like it to be? No. The most telling one on that
is A&P. I just feel, for a consumer company, our A&P is pretty low. And we really need to increase it, and
we're marginally trying to do that. But in the meanwhile, with whatever we have, we just have to be very
smart about how we spend it, so that we're optimizing those dollars for the maximum impact behind the
biggest innovations we have. But over time, you'll see us, as we start getting efficiencies, that we will start
reinvesting more in A&P, so that, that will help us grow. But I think it is a pay-as-you-go as opposed to
saying, "Let's do an investment now." And, "Hey, new CEO. I'll give you a hockey-stick later." I don't think
we can do that. We've got to be clear. Hence, the importance of Project FUEL, which, for me, is one of the
biggest bets I have personally made as the CEO, and which is why my secret weapon is Chris to oversee
it. And because that is going to be one of our biggest things which will flow dollars to operating income but
also help us reinvest for the future.

Operator

Our next question comes from Wendy Nicholson with Citi Investment Research.

Wendy Caroline Nicholson
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

My first is just a follow-up sort of clarification. Chris, on the gross margin, is there a specific gross margin
goal for 2020? If you could just circle back on that, that would be great.

And then my second question, sort of bigger picture, is just in terms of the outlook for core sales growth.
Obviously, it's shifted out of the first quarter, which is totally fine. But I'm just trying to get a sense
for how much of the improvement in core sales growth do you think comes from regaining some loss
distribution that you've had over the last couple of years. Is it that you have specific line of sight to new
products that you know you will be launching? It still sounds like the innovation process is still going
to come, et cetera, et cetera. So I'm just -- I'm trying to get more confident in that core sales growth
outlook.

Christopher H. Peterson
CFO & President of Business Operations

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

NEWELL BRANDS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 14, 2020

Yes, thanks, Wendy. On the gross margin point, we're not going to guide gross margins specifically.
We guide operating margin. That being said, I will say that our plan is for gross margin to move up
meaningfully in 2020 versus 2019 based on the Project FUEL initiative that Ravi talked about that we've
kicked off. We've put a pretty good program in place over the last 18 to 24 months that's beginning to
build capability to go after both procurement savings, manufacturing efficiency savings, improvements
in planning, the SKU count reduction, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, where we've taken out
28,000 SKUs this year. Our starting point, when you include Rubbermaid Commercial, MAPA and Quickie
now, was 101,000 at the beginning of 2019. We're down to about 73,000 at the end. I think that we've
got a plan to get below 50,000 over the next 12 to 18 months. So we'll continue that journey, and that
drives significant efficiency.

On the core sales side, maybe a way to think about it is if we delivered minus 1.9% core sales growth in
2019 and we're guiding for sequential improvement of flat to minus 2. If the 4 businesses that we grew in
2019 continue at the current rate, and the food and commercial business improves based on what we've
seen already in the fourth quarter and what we know of the innovation pipeline, even if Appliances &
Cookware and Outdoor & Rec stay about the same rate of decline in 2020 as 2019, that gets you to the
sequential rate of improvement that we're talking about.

Ravichandra K. Saligram
President, CEO & Director

And let me add something there, which are -- if you think about some of the key tactical actions that
we're taking with the -- and these are not necessarily in order of priority, but, yes, there is definitely a
thrust to improve our distribution, particularly in some channels, which we're relatively not as strong in
terms of grocery, drug and dollar stores. And I mentioned the chief customer officer. And we're bringing
that person in. We're also going to create a VP level for the enterprise as a whole. The BUs will sell their
own, but I think for this, because we have got the opportunities across different categories, different
businesses, so I think that will certainly be an area we're going to look at. Online, it will continue to be
an important growth area for us. And we were double digits in 2019 and that will continue to be a thrust
for us. International, which turned positive, will continue to drive that. And then clearly, we've got some
innovations for 2020 that are in the works that -- in each of the businesses that we hope will give us some
traction.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steve Powers with Scotiabank (sic) [ Deutsche Bank ].

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Ravi, when we last talked, you seemed very focused on 2 things in addition to filling some key positions,
which seems to be progressing well. Number one was eradicating complexity across the business, and
number two was landing on the right operating model for Newell, balancing the desire for scale unification
against the individual needs of your different businesses. You started to address those in your prepared
remarks, and perhaps we'll hear more next week, but could you give us an update on how far developed
do you consider your thinking to be on both those 2 things? Specifically -- I guess, specifically, your
confidence that you have line of sight to implication issues for 2020. Chris mentioned SKU reduction
plans, but beyond that. And on the organization front, is it fixed? Should we be surprised if the model
continues to be tweaked? And I'm particularly curious like how functions, such as R&D and e-commerce
and marketing, fit in, and whether those are going to be more centralized and more autonomous going
forward relative to the past. Just anything you can offer around that would be great.

Ravichandra K. Saligram
President, CEO & Director

Sure. I think on the complexity side, I actually think that Chris laid out a really good framework in 2019,
and we're executing against it. And it is really SKU reduction. It is reducing obsolete inventory, the whole
E&O side. It is about forecast accuracy. It is about standardizing systems, and it is really about improving
our network of plants, improving efficiencies. A lot of it's about an automation standardization. In many
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

NEWELL BRANDS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 14, 2020

ways, Newell, even though it had a centralized structure for a while, does legacy things for each business
did its own thing. We have hundreds of applications. And even with the standardization of SAP, there are a
lot of homegrown systems that people have become very fond of. We've got to get -- we've got to speak
a common language. So -- and that's why putting someone in charge who's very good at it, like Chris,
and saying, "Hey, your job, think of him as Chief Complexity Reduction Officer that you've got to really
-- because without that, it's very tough to move forward. There are so many -- even on overheads, we
can't really move on the next step because there are structural barriers. We do so much manual work
on our AR and our A&P. And there's just a lot of that, and that's why this global business services, really
going after that is pretty important. So I think that complexity, I feel pretty good about what we've got.
On the BU structure, in my mind, there's pretty good clarity now. So I think that in Newell, the culture
was we don't have a dimmer switch. We're either completely centralized and -- or we say completely
decentralized, where the completely decentralized, there's commonwealth of independent states and
everyone declaring UDI, unilateral declaration of independence, or so centralized and bureaucratic, no
longer can move. I think we really are getting to a hybrid model. I think it's very important that when you
disparate products and categories, the BU is the center of attention. So we've got to really focus there,
and we are creating CEOs for that. So the marketing, sales, R&D will still be housed there. The connecting
point is the enterprise for efficiencies. But even on R&D, how do you exchange best practices? So the
way you do that is not just structure, but through becoming very collaborative, and that teams are more
important than the individual.

Operator

Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So my question is a follow-up on your comments about margin. So on the bridge to your full year margin
outlook, the EBIT expense, about 30 basis points at the midpoint, so should we think about the gross
margin improvement in 2020 because of this SKU rationalization, but that will fund more A&P and R&D? Or
is -- are those 2 accounts, from your comments before, it sounds as if you're not going to go up that much
this year yet, and then use some of those gross margin dollars into rebuilding the structures and, in other
words, creating more capabilities on those areas. So how we should be thinking of all the puts and takes
between gross margin accretion and EBIT expansion?

Christopher H. Peterson
CFO & President of Business Operations

Yes. So I -- just on that question, I expect the gross margin to grow -- to improve more than the
operating margin in 2020. So if our operating margin is 10 to 40 basis points of improvement, I think the
gross margin improvement will be ahead of that. And then there'll be reinvestment back, primarily in A&P,
that mitigates that. And we're also driving overhead costs down year-over-year on a dollar basis. So that's
effectively the way to think about the components of it.

Ravichandra K. Saligram
President, CEO & Director

Okay.

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Yes. The question -- go ahead.

Ravichandra K. Saligram
President, CEO & Director

No. Did you have a quick follow-up for Chris? Sorry, I didn't mean to cut you off.

Andrea Faria Teixeira

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

NEWELL BRANDS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 14, 2020

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Yes, Ravi. Yes, Chris, I just wanted to follow up that I think we are all trying to figure out the order of
magnitude, right, if it's going to be really transformational, the A&P investment this year, or we should be
thinking more of a transition year, as you highlighted before, to make sure that you're not throwing dollars
at projects that are not fully baked in. Is that the way we should be thinking or no? I mean, we have great
visibility on the businesses that are working well, and you want to make sure those get fully funded.

Christopher H. Peterson
CFO & President of Business Operations

Look, I think that maybe another way to think about it is, as we mentioned, our innovation pipeline
heading into this year is stronger than our innovation pipeline was heading into last year. But it's not yet
fully where we want it to be because of where we are with appliances and outdoor. And so with a stronger
innovation pipeline, our plan calls for us to spend more in advertising and promotion behind it, which we
think is a good investment. But we're probably not spending at the full amount that we'd like to because
we're not going to spend in areas where we don't have strong innovation because that we don't think is a
good use of money. As I said, we're not going to give specific guidance on the components. Our guidance
is on operating margin. But, conceptually, so you're going to see the gross margin being stronger than the
operating margin. Advertising and promotion, we expect to be up as a percent of sales, and then overhead
costs we're working and have a plan to reduce overhead dollars. And obviously, we'll report more as we go
throughout the year.

Ravichandra K. Saligram
President, CEO & Director

Okay. So with that, thank you all for joining us today. We're going to be at CAGNY, so Chris and I look
forward to seeing many of you there next week for inputs and outputs. Thank you so much.

Operator
Thank you, everyone. A replay of today's call will be available later today on our website at
ir.newellbrands.com. This concludes our conference. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

NEWELL BRANDS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 14, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

