News Corporation NasdaqGS:NWSA
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, May 07, 2020 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.04

0.03

(25.00 %)

(0.11)

0.14

0.19

Revenue  (mm)

2317.41

2266.00

(2.22 %)

1963.65

9077.88

8880.51

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-06-2020 11:22 PM GMT

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.03

0.04

0.15

0.04

0.07

0.04

0.18

0.03

133.33 %

0.00 %

20.00 %

(25.00 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
NEWS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Michael Florin
Senior VP & Head of Investor
Relations

Robert J. Thomson
CEO & Director

Susan Lee Panuccio
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Alexia Skouras Quadrani
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Brian Han
Morningstar Inc., Research
Division

Craig Anthony Huber
Huber Research Partners, LLC

Entcho Raykovski
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

NEWS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the News Corp's 3Q Fiscal 2020 Conference Call. Today's conference is being
recorded. [Operator Instructions]

At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of
Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Michael Florin
Senior VP & Head of Investor Relations

Thank you very much. Hello, everyone, and welcome to News Corp's Fiscal Third Quarter 2020 Earnings
Call. We issued our earnings press release about half an hour ago, and it's now posted on our website at
newscorp.com.

On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Susan Panuccio, Chief Financial Officer. We'll
open with some prepared remarks, and we'll be happy to take questions from the investment community.

This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp's business and
strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp's Form 10-K and Form 10-
Q filings identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and contain cautionary
statements regarding forward-looking information.

Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements, such as total segment
EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS. The definitions and GAAP to non-GAAP
reconciliations of such measures can be found in our earnings release.

With that, I'll pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.

Robert J. Thomson
CEO & Director

Thanks, Mike. We are operating in a different difficult time, so this will be a rather different distant
experience. Before the business of the day, I sincerely hope that all on this call, each of our investors, our
business partners and their families are safe during this exacting era.

Every business and family is facing challenges, and our thoughts, in particular, are for those who are
suffering under the curse of COVID-19 and have had to deal with complications from this dreaded disease.
For our company, the safety of our employees has obviously been paramount. And many of our journalists
have displayed much courage in recent months, including reporting from Wuhan, during the intense first
phase of what has become a pandemic.

I would also like to honor Anthony Causi who passed at a relatively young age, by which time he had
already become a legendary sports photographer for the New York Post.

As noted in our 8-K filing with the SEC last month, we expected a broad impact on our business from
the pandemic's inevitable economic consequences. We were affected somewhat in Q3, and those effects
will likely be significantly more pronounced in the fourth quarter. As we expect this impact to continue
in the near term, significant cost reductions have been implemented across the company and additional
steps will be taken in coming months. These cuts are designed to deal with the short-term exigencies
and to reposition the company for long-term growth. There will obviously be an impact on executive
compensation.

For many senior executives, bonuses are the largest component of their cash compensation, and this
will be reduced by at least 20%. The cuts will be led by our Executive Chairman, Rupert Murdoch, who
is voluntarily foregoing his entire cash bonus for the current fiscal year. And as Chief Executive, I will

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

NEWS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

forgo 75% of my annual cash bonus. In addition, our Board of Directors have decided to reduce their cash
compensation.

These significant cost reductions of all kinds across the company will clearly have a positive impact on
our total segment EBITDA and our cash position and help mitigate some of the effects of the pandemic.
We obviously leave open the possibility of further compensation cuts next fiscal year depending on the
ongoing impact of the crisis.

Turning now to the third quarter results for fiscal year 2020. Our revenues declined 8% to $2.3 billion,
including a $78 million or 3% impact from adverse currency movements. Total segment EBITDA was
down, although only 2% to $242 million.

It is worth highlighting that operationally, adjusting for currencies, acquisitions and disposals and other
items, mentioned in our release, our adjusted revenues were down 4%, but our adjusted total segment
EBITDA rose 1%. Reported results also include a $1.1 billion noncash write-down, mostly attributable to
Foxtel.

At the News and Information Services segment, the sale of News America Marketing has formally closed.
This is a significant step in terms of enhancing shareholder value and part of the continuing simplification
of our company. A thorough reevaluation of our assets continues and a strategic review of our community
and regional -- original newspapers in Australia is at an advanced stage. We are also reviewing ways
to improve transparency in our segment disclosure, which will enable investors to better appreciate the
inherent value in and the growth potential of Dow Jones, which we believe is the best business news and
analysis brand in the world. We are working towards making that company's potential more obvious and to
highlighting its various strengths, are certainly relative to other business brands and, for example, to the
New York Times.

Speaking of demand for premium content. As you know, we have entered into valuable partnerships with
Apple and Facebook for use of our world-class journalism. Clearly, there are harbingers of positive change
with Google, where the CEO, Sundar Pichai has shown a more enlightened socially empathetic attitude to
journalism.

In the past, some in Silicon Valley sought to create a system of petty patronage through faux philanthropic
handouts and sententious sops, seemingly designed to institutionalize a mendicant media. Enlightened
executives at Google patently seek more meaningful changes to a dysfunctional ecosystem. The terms of
trade in the digital world are certainly changing. The regulatory pressure is also intensifying as 2 weeks
ago, the Australian government announced the introduction of a mandatory code that would require the
larger digital companies to pay for content, and to adjust their algorithms to give additional weight to
original news. It is absolutely crucial that more be understood about the character, the power and the
potential manipulation of algorithms in data.

A recent Wall Street Journal report on Amazon's business practices showed the potential danger of
companies having a dominant horizontal marketplace and selling their own products in segment verticals.
In essence, exploiting proprietary marketplace data and competing with and potentially undermining their
clients.

In the third quarter, News and Information Services improved in profitability for the second straight
quarter with 15% growth in segment EBITDA. Dow Jones recorded a particularly strong performance as
digital paid subscriptions rose 20% year-on-year to more than 2.5 million average daily subs at quarter
end. The Wall Street Journal's digital paid subs were up 15% to more than 2 million, also a record.

In recent days, The Journal has shown further acceleration, with total subscriptions reaching
approximately 3 million for the first time, including 2.2 million digital-only. Overall, at the end of April,
digital subscriptions rose over 20% year-on-year.

Digital advertising at Dow Jones rose 25% year-over-year despite the challenges we faced with ad sales
later in March. This is in strikingly marked contrast to the performance of the New York Times, where
digital ad revenue actually declined 8%. I should repeat those figures for the purpose of clarity. Digital
advertising rose 25% at Dow Jones, and it fell 8% at the New York Times. Dow Jones profit contribution

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

NEWS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

improved and was a significant contributor to segment EBITDA growth, while EBITDA slumped 15% at the
New York Times.

We announced earlier this week that the Head of the Barron's Group, Almar Latur, will replace Will Lewis,
as CEO from the middle of this month. Will certainly leaves Dow Jones in fine fettle and with enormous
capacity for future growth.

Speaking of Barron's, subscriptions rose 14% year-over-year. And over the past 4 years, under Almar's
leadership, the digital audience at Barron's Group Brands has quadrupled.

During the quarter, the Wall Street digital network broke records and hit 196 million unique users in
March, up 155% versus the prior year. Traffic was particularly strong at MarketWatch in March, where
users more than tripled to 90 million compared to the prior year. The professional information business
reported a 5% increase in revenues with risk and compliance, once again demonstrating strength, rising
18% year-over-year.

Elsewhere in the segment, newspaper digital subscriptions at News Corp Australia were up 24% year-
over-year, rising to more than 613,000 a quarter. And with 2/3 of subscriptions at The Australian now are
digital-only. At News UK, The Sun reached 164 million global unique visitors in March, representing a 17%
increase over December, according to Google Analytics. While at The Times and Sunday Times, digital
subscriptions grew 21% year-over-year to 345,000, and now account for nearly 60% of the base.

Meanwhile, the New York Post's advertising revenues in the quarter rose 19% and the post digital network
had 169 million average monthly unique visitors, according to Google Analytics, up from 107 million in Q2.

Turning now to Book Publishing. Revenue declines moderate at HarperCollins in the quarter compared
to the first half, while segment EBITDA grew year-over-year despite very difficult comparisons. As
more people have moved to work and study from home, we've seen a revival in e-book sales. We are
particularly pleased with early sales for Joanna Gaines' Magnolia Table, Volume 2, which already sits atop
the U.S. bestseller lists.

Digital real estate were showing solid progress through January and February, but began experiencing
pandemic-related declines in March. Business at REA and realtor.com will depend on the reopening of
the Australian and U.S. economies, but traffic to both sites remains encouraging. And realtor.com is
outperforming the traffic trends of its house-flipping competitor, according to the March comScore data.

In the Subscription Video Services segment, Kayo subscriptions rose to 444,000 in Q3, including trialist,
which was more than double the prior year, and Kayo also showed strong growth over the prior quarter.
That figure has obviously been adversely affected in recent weeks by the suspension of sports in Australia,
as we disclosed in the earnings release.

We are in serious negotiations with the major sports over a fundamental reset of rights costs. Susan will
discuss the possible accounting impacts shortly.

In coming weeks, we plan to launch our entertainment streaming product and expect that there will be
strong demand, given the power of our media portfolio's marketing platform and the nascent demand
in Australia. We're also very excited by the multiyear deal with WarnerMedia announced this week. That
means Foxtel will be the exclusive home in Australia for HBO, the soon to launch HBO Max and other
WarnerMedia hits.

Let me now turn to the lingering impact of COVID-19, which began to have an effect towards the third
quarter's end, but clearly will be a major factor in our Q4 results, as we signaled in our 8-K filing last
month. I would first like to commend our leaders and our employees around the globe as we rapidly
and successfully moved approximately 90% of our workforce, around 25,000 people, into a work-from-
at-home environment. Looking at the longer term, we have clear plans for addressing the immediate
challenges we face and for emerging vigorously on the other side of this crisis. This will not be done by
random cost-cutting but by strategic decisions about the business we need to fashion for a profitable
future. That strategy is informed by a candid assessment of our capabilities and deficiencies and a clear

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

NEWS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

sense that the business environment will be very different when the world finally returns to the new
abnormal.

It is worth noting at this crucial time, that News Corp continues to have a strong balance sheet. As of
March 31, we have $1.4 billion in cash and cash equivalents. And in addition, we have access to a $750
million corporate revolving credit facility, which remains undrawn. That bedrock of financial stability will
help us weather the category-5 storm, as will the power of our brands and the energy and the creativity of
our people.

The headwinds will buffer the company in the short term, but I'm extremely positive about our prospects
for delivering long-term growth and increasing shareholder value.

Now for more particulars on our results in this quarter, I turn to Susan Panuccio.

Susan Lee Panuccio
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Robert. Turning to the financials. Fiscal 2020 third quarter total revenues were approximately
$2.3 billion, down 8% versus the prior year, and total segment EBITDA was $242 million, down 2% versus
the prior year.

Currency headwinds negatively impacted revenues and total segment EBITDA by 3% and 6%,
respectively. On an adjusted basis, which excludes the impact of acquisitions, divestitures and currency
fluctuations and the other items disclosed in our release, revenues fell 4%, and total segment EBITDA
increased 1%.

For the quarter, we reported losses per share of $1.24 as compared to earnings per share of $0.02
in the prior year. The loss includes $1.1 billion of noncash impairment charges primarily related to a
write-down of goodwill intangible assets of Foxtel and the reclassification of News America Marketing
to assets held for sale. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.03 in the quarter compared to $0.04 in
the prior year. Before going into the quarterly detail, I will add to Robert's comments on the COVID-19
pandemic, which is expected to have a significant impact on near-term operating results. Immediate
cost actions are underway. Variable costs have obviously been reduced with a heightened focus on the
reduction of discretionary spend and nonessential CapEx, together with a thorough review of all head
count requirements. We are accelerating plans to reduce costs across the business in the medium term,
particularly at our News and Information Services segment. These initiatives include, but are not limited to
global shared services to centralize our back-office functions, a thorough review of our property and office
footprints and reviewing our printing operations around the globe, whereby we have already announced
the printing suspension of 60 community newspapers in Australia.

Finally, in relation to company-wide liquidity, it is important to note the only debt exposures we have are
at our non-100%-owned subsidiaries, Foxtel and REA, and these are non-recalls to News Corp. We are not
anticipating any covenant issues at Foxtel over the next 12 months, and we have no plans to provide any
additional shareholder funding.

With that as a backdrop, I will now discuss the quarterly results for the individual operating segments.
In News and Information Services, revenues for the quarter were over $1.1 billion, down 8% versus the
prior year. On an adjusted basis, revenues declined 5%. Advertising revenues fell 14% with declines most
notably at News America Marketing and in News Australia, while circulation and subscription revenue grew
1%. Currency negatively impacted segment revenues by 2%. Results were also impacted by $14 million
from the outbreak of COVID-19.

Digital revenues for Dow Jones and the newspaper mastheads represented 42% of their combined
revenues, up from 36% in the prior year. Segment EBITDA for the quarter was $75 million, up 15% from
$65 million in the prior year, benefiting from increased contributions at Dow Jones, improvements at The
New York Post and the absence of losses from Unruly, partially offset by lower contribution from NAM.

At Dow Jones, consumer circulation revenues grew a healthy 4%, reflecting a 20% growth in digital paid
subscribers across Dow Jones' consumer products, including a 15% growth in digital-only paid subscribers

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

NEWS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

at The Wall Street Journal. Total Wall Street Journal subscribers exceeded 2.8 million in the quarter, an 8%
increase from the prior year, which is an acceleration from the second quarter's growth rate.

Professional Information Business revenues accounted for 29% of Dow Jones' revenues this quarter,
growing 5% to $114 million, reflecting an 18% growth in Risk and Compliance revenues.

Advertising revenues at Dow Jones fell 2% this quarter. But as Robert mentioned, we saw a sharp
acceleration in digital advertising revenues, posting 25% year-over-year growth. Digital advertising
represented 47% of Dow Jones' advertising revenues. Overall, Dow Jones had revenue growth of 5% and
another quarter of positive contribution to segment EBITDA growth.

Elsewhere, advertising revenues at News UK fell 10% on a reported basis and 8% in local currency,
weaker than the past 2 quarters despite strength in digital. Trends at News Australia have remained very
challenging, with advertising revenues down 20% on a reported basis and 30% down in local currency.
Finally, at News America Marketing, revenues fell 16%.

Turning to the Subscription Video Services segment. Revenues for the quarter were $462 million, down
14% versus $539 million in the prior year or down 7% in local currency. The revenue decline was primarily
driven by lower broadcast subscribers. Broadcast subscriber trends were relatively similar to the prior
quarter with COVID-19 restrictions in Australia coming into place in the last week of the quarter. Foxtel
also faced lower advertising revenues, reflective of the overall TV marketplace. Segment EBITDA in the
quarter was $68 million, down 31% from the prior year, driven by the revenue decline, partially offset by
renegotiated license fees and the timing of sports rights and the production costs due to COVID-19-related
suspensions. Overall costs were down 11% on a reported basis.

Foxtel's closing paid subscriber base was approximately 2.93 million as of March 31, reflecting a 1% year-
over-year growth driven by Kayo subscribers. Through quarter end, Kayo's total subscriber base, which,
including trialists, increased 444,000, up from 199,000 last year. In fact, we reached over 470,000 total
Kayo subscribers by March 22, the start of the Winter Sports season. However, subscribers have declined
in recent weeks with the suspension of the NRL and AFL seasons as well as Rugby, motor sports and other
international sporting codes, like the NBA. Kayo viewers remained highly engaged during the quarter, and
we expect an uptick in subscribers that will clearly depend on the quality and quantity of NRL and AFL
games once they have resumed. As of May 2, there were more than 272,000 paying Kayo subscribers.

We have been beta testing Foxtel's new drama and entertainment streaming service, and we expect to
launch commercially in the coming weeks, and we're very pleased to announce the WarnerMedia deal to
support the launch.

In the third quarter, broadcast churn improved for the first time in almost 2 years to 17.5%, which was 20
basis points lower versus the prior year. Broadcast ARPU remained relatively stable at AUD 79.

At Book Publishing, HarperCollins had a strong quarter with revenues down 2% to $412 million and
segment EBITDA up 4% to $55 million, despite a very tough comparison against the prior year, which had
segment EBITDA growth of 29%. We saw improvement performance in General Books, children's and in
the U.K. Digital sales grew 3% year-over-year to 23% of consumer revenue, which included improvements
in downloadable audio books.

At the Digital Real Estate Services segment, revenues decreased 4% to $261 million due to the negative
impact from foreign currency fluctuations. On an adjusted basis, revenues were flat. Segment EBITDA
rose 1% to $74 million or 9% on an adjusted basis. REA Group revenues fell 5%. However, without the
$12 million foreign currency impact, REA grew modestly in local currency. This is an improvement from
the first half performance benefiting from renewed growth in financial services. Australian listing volume
declines moderated to down 7%, which reflects mid single-digit growth in metro Melbourne and Sydney.
REA also saw strong traffic metrics achieving record levels in visits and audience during the quarter.

However, COVID-19-related government policies and restrictions, including bans on open-home
inspections and in-person auctions have led to reduced listing volumes in recent weeks. In response to the
impacts from the pandemic, REA has implemented a number of relief packages to support its customers,
including short-term pricing concessions and changes to listing products to provide greater flexibility for

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

NEWS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

customers. Please refer to REA's earnings release and their conference call immediately following this call
for more details.

Move revenues declined 2% to $118 million, with real estate revenues relatively flat. Traffic remained
strong with unique users in the quarter, up 6% to $68 million. Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, Move was
on a solid growth trajectory in January and February, with improved growth in traffic and leads and was
on pace to deliver strong second half revenue. However, by mid-March, seller to REA and other digital real
estate portals, both trends reversed.

In response to the pandemic, REALTOR instituted billing relief initiative in late March for its customers,
which was subsequently extended into May with some modification to the offer. The initiative, together
with other COVID-19-related impacts reduced third quarter revenues by an estimated $6 million.

I would now like to talk about some of the themes in the upcoming quarter. Forecasting has been
challenging, so I will discuss what we have seen in April and frame the relevant risks. At News and
Information Services, we expect advertising and single-copy sale revenues in the segment to be adversely
affected as a result of widespread business closures and social distancing measures. For a framework,
advertising revenues, excluding News America Marketing, represented approximately 34% of segment
revenues in the third quarter. In April, advertising revenues at Dow Jones was down more than 20% with
digital down modestly. Advertising revenues at Australia and the U.K. were down more than 45% on a
reported basis or around 40% in local currency.

As I mentioned earlier, we are taking aggressive cost action to mitigate these revenue declines within the
segment. At the same time, we have also continued to see strong growth in digital subscribers across the
key properties in April, including over 20% year-on-year growth in digital-only subscribers of The Wall
Street Journal. In the third quarter, approximately 75% of Dow Jones' revenues were subscription-based,
providing much more visibility and stability. Digital revenues accounted for 68% of Dow Jones revenues
and digital paid subscribers accounted for 73% of The Wall Street General subscriber base.

In Subscription Video Services, we anticipate an increase in broadcast churn with the suspension of the
NRL and AFL seasons. For April, broadcast churn has been fairly stable, although we have seen lower
sports tier and Kayo subscribers, as you would expect. Closures of pubs and clubs and lower occupancy
at hotels throughout Australia are also expected to adversely impact commercial subscription revenues,
together with a downturn in advertising revenue.

The team at Foxtel has implemented several initiatives, including opening up additional entertainment
content to all subscribers and providing Foxtel broadband customers with unlimited data allowances for
streaming. As for sports rights accounting, Foxtel amortizes event-based sports like Formula 1, which
have no dedicated channels upon the occurrence of the events. Consequently, the third quarter included
about USD 9 million of costs that were deferred due to events canceled or postponed. Channel-based
sports rights, such as the AFL, NRL and domestic cricket are expensed on a straight-line basis over the
year. The third quarter included a full amount of rights fees for all 3 of those sports. In the event that the
NRL and AFL do not resume this season in the fourth quarter, we would plan to defer those costs until the
sports resume. All the sports-based contracts have different terms and conditions, and we are currently in
discussions with the leagues around the best way to move forward and to value the season that remains.

As a framework, the quarterly cost between the AFL and NRL prior to the suspensions were AUD 95 million
or approximately USD 60 million. In addition, we also expect an approximately $10 million impact from
the accelerated entertainment amortization in the fourth quarter.

In Book Publishing, as the retail market adjusted to stay-at-home restrictions by closing a number of
bricks-and-mortar stores, HarperCollins saw strong growth in online sales with e-books returning to
growth. Our release slate is largely intact, and as Robert mentioned, one of our top books for the year,
Joanna Gaines' Magnolia Table, Volume 2, is selling very well.

At Digital Real Estate Services, as noted in their release, REA anticipates a challenging listing environment
given the government social distancing measures, with April new buy listings falling 33%. REALTOR
is facing lower real estate transactions, but encouragingly, lead volume and unique users have shown

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

NEWS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

improvements in recent weeks. Both companies have taken proactive relief measures to extend credit to
their respective customers with discounts or other similar measures, which will have an adverse impact on
revenues.

CapEx for the year is expected to come down significantly to around $435 million compared to $572
million last year, which includes a 35% to 40% decline at Foxtel, an update on our initial guidance of
approximately 20% year-on-year reduction.

Finally, a word about our tax rate. From a P&L perspective, we expect an unusually high tax rate for the
full year due to certain operating losses in foreign jurisdictions that we are unable to take deductions
against. This is a P&L impact, not a cash impact.

As I mentioned, these are unique times, but we believe with our strong liquidity position, market-leading
brands, our emphasis on digital transformation as well as a more aggressive focus on cost measures,
News Corp is well positioned to weather the current crisis.
With that, let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

NEWS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Alexia Quadrani from JPMorgan.

Alexia Skouras Quadrani
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Can you elaborate on the strength in the digital advertising you highlighted in the quarter, at The Wall
Street Journal? It sounded like in April, it softened a little bit, but it still seems like it's coming in probably
better than what we're seeing in the industry and I'm wondering if it was specific to certain verticals
that continue to be strength in your product mix. And then just a follow-up on the makeup of the strong
growth in digital subscribers also at The Journal. Is it international, domestic? Anything different, maybe
younger? Or is it pretty much just more of everything that you've been seeing for a while?

Robert J. Thomson
CEO & Director

Well, thanks, Alexia. Look, in terms of who the subscribers are, obviously, we have had strong growth in
U.S. subscriptions. And I think the thing to remember about Wall Street Journal subscriptions, is it -- once
you have a subscriber, you also have an opportunity to upsell. And so we're particularly seeing growth,
for example, in subscriptions coming from MarketWatch to The Journal and from MarketWatch to Barron's
and as well as that from The Journal to Barron's. And then for the more specialist Wall Street Journal
subscribers, there's an opportunity to sell them -- to upsell them to our premium business products, which
obviously have a higher yield.

In terms of advertising, clearly, traffic has been particularly strong. There had been, as you may well be
aware, some concerns early in the COVID crisis about blocking of ads related to COVID crisis coverage.
Gradually, that problem has diminished. And so we are noticing that the amount of advertising we're
getting is matching, not quite, but to some extent, the significant increases in traffic we've had across The
Wall Street Journal and MarketWatch. We noticed that tech advertising has increased. Custom advertising
is also on the rise. And to a certain extent, programmatic. But I think for our business, quite frankly, it's
an extraordinary opportunity because big clients are coming straight to The Wall Street Journal and to our
other publishing houses around the world.

And they want to deal directly with us rather than necessarily through an advertising agency. And while
this is, at the moment, a short-term phenomenon, there are indications that this may very well become a
long-term trend.

Susan Lee Panuccio
Chief Financial Officer

I think Alexia, the only other thing that I would add to that is the other pleasing thing that we've seen is
the average age is broadening out. And so we did have an average age of around 60, and it's now around
47 as a consequence of those subscribers coming in, so that's pleasing as well.

Robert J. Thomson
CEO & Director

And if I could further complement Susan by saying that what we've noticed, for example, among Wall
Street Journal readers on Apple News+, is that historically, there've been, shall we say, a disproportionate
number of men reading The Wall Street Journal, the breakdown is around 75% male, 25% female. Just
at this moment, the readership of The Wall Street Journal on the Apple News+ side is majority women,
minority men.

Operator

The next question comes from Entcho Raykovski from Crédit Suisse.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

NEWS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Entcho Raykovski
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

A couple for me. Just the first one, you've obviously mentioned the sports rights deals and you've given us
a good framework on what happens on a quarterly basis. But just interested whether you see this is as an
opportunity to renegotiate some of those sports rights deals longer term? Do you think they can genuinely
be any longer-term savings? And I mean do you think that's warranted given some of the fairly high
costs? So interested in your thoughts on that issue. And secondly, are you able to quantify the potential
impact of the relief measures that move in Q4? And do you expect that, that'll continue to remain in place
beyond that?

Robert J. Thomson
CEO & Director

Entcho, first of all, on sports rights, obviously, it's inappropriate to go into detail at this stage. But there
obviously needs to be a fundamental reset. The idea that things will suddenly turn to normal this season is
absurd. It's not just the quantity of games, it's the quality of the experience, and that has obviously been
diminished. And that reset has to apply longer-term to rights in Australia. In essence, there is a new reset
reality.

Susan Lee Panuccio
Chief Financial Officer

And Entcho, just in relation to your question on Move, we haven't given that for Q4, but what I can say is
we implemented the measures on the 19th of March in relation to Move and the impact of that in Q3 was
$6 million. So you can use that as a proxy for your run rate. And we haven't made any announcement as
to any further extension in Malaysia.

Operator

The next question comes from Craig Huber from Huber Research Partners.

Craig Anthony Huber
Huber Research Partners, LLC

On the newspaper side in Australia, on the cost-cutting side, there's a lot, at least announced and are
written out there, about your newspapers. Some of them down there, you're shutting down the hard
copies version and going digital-only and stuff. Can you just if -- just talk a little bit further about that.
And if -- just like -- I'm curious, like what percentage of your print subs down there would you have shut
down that are moved to online-only as the business model, for example, in that market? So I mean is
this just like only 10%, 15%, 20% of the subs down there? I mean how significant is it? That's my first
question.

And then my second question is, I guess, on the newspaper side as well, just generally, do you think you
have a lot more cost you can take out of the U.S. for Wall Street Journal, Dow Jones, U.K. and Australia?
Do you think you have a lot more cost you can take out in reaction to this virus situation?

Robert J. Thomson
CEO & Director

Look, I'll take the second question first, Craig. Clearly, we're constantly reviewing costs. And that is costs
in headquarters where there have been significant reductions in recent days. And right through where
we're looking for efficiencies in tax spend. We're looking for the efficiencies that come from the closer
coordination that really has been underway in recent years, it's not a new phenomenon, but it gives us
an opportunity to look across businesses very, very closely, measured at different cost levels and respond
appropriately. What we're not going to do is cut cost in a way that undermines the editorial integrity of the
leading news organization in the world.

Susan Lee Panuccio
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

NEWS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

And Craig, just in relation to the masthead down in Australia. So the masthead that we've seized printing
at the moment were community mastheads, which are not subscription-related to their advertising-related
products. And as Robert mentioned, we are undertaking a detailed strategic view of the entire regional
and community portfolio down in Australia. So the regional mastheads will have subs attached to them but
not the communities. And then just to supplement on the cost side. I mean I agree and echo with Robert's
points. But we do believe that across all our businesses on a global scale, particularly when we think about
our back-office functions, that we do have some significant opportunities that we can unlock. We have
been actively working on those measures over the course of the last 12 months, particularly looking at
tech. But we do believe that there's a lot more opportunities we can do as we broaden the scope of that as
we move forward.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Brian Han from Morningstar.

Brian Han
Morningstar Inc., Research Division

Robert, does the current environment help the simplification program that you have going for News
Corp? And -- or does it make it actually more complicated, especially for asset sales? And also, Susan,
the impairment charge taken at Foxtel, was that more driven by changes in assumptions related to the
traditional Foxtel business? Or have your views for Kayo and Foxtel now also changed?

Robert J. Thomson
CEO & Director

Brian, clearly, the simplification was a pre-existing program. But to a certain extent, you may well be
correct in that various things have been expedited during this period of crisis. What I would like to say
specifically around simplification is that clearly, we're pleased that the NAM transaction has progressed.
Actually, we had full fit the Charlesbank who have pre-existing specialist expertise in that area, we'll
be able to make a significant success of the business. And you can tell from the tenor of our content --
comments about Australia that there is obviously a strategic review of our print holdings well underway.
So our simplification process is far from finished. And part of that is that we're very keen to highlight the
value inherent in, for example, Dow Jones, which we reported vastly superior numbers to those of the
New York Times, but whose figures are not fully obvious in the current News and Information Services
segment.

Now if you think of the journey in recent years, the sale of Amplify, the early sale of the local media group
at Dow Jones, the NAM sale. And on the other side of the ledger, the acquisition of REALTOR, the purchase
of Harlequin, we are a rather different, more specialized company than we were a few years ago.

Susan Lee Panuccio
Chief Financial Officer

And then Brian, just in relation to your question on Foxtel and the impairment. We do look at this from
a DCF perspective and also from a market multiple perspective. And clearly, there's been an impact
that's adversely affected our trends resulting in lower expected forecast subscribers. And the impact of
COVID-19 is expected to have clearly an adverse impact on advertising OTT to customers and commercial
subscription revenues in the near term. So when we combine all of those, we thought it was appropriate to
take an impairment on Foxtel.

Operator

There are no further questions at this time. And I'd like to turn the conference back over to you. Thank
you.

Michael Florin
Senior VP & Head of Investor Relations

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

NEWS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Great. Well, thank you, Claudia, and thank you for all participating. Have a great day, and most
importantly, stay safe. We'll talk to you soon.

Operator
This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

NEWS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

