News Corporation NasdaqGS:NWSA
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, February 06, 2020 10:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.15

0.18

20.00

0.06

0.33

0.44

Revenue  (mm)

2517.14

2479.00

(1.52 %)

2423.07

9737.56

9885.31

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-05-2020 12:46 PM GMT

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.01

0.03

0.04

0.15

0.04

0.07

0.04

0.18

300.00 %

133.33 %

0.00 %

20.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
NEWS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Michael Florin
Senior VP & Head of Investor
Relations

Robert J. Thomson
CEO & Director

Susan Lee Panuccio
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Alan Steven Gould
Loop Capital Markets LLC,
Research Division

Brian Han
Morningstar Inc., Research
Division

Craig Anthony Huber
Huber Research Partners, LLC

Entcho Raykovski
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Kane Hannan
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

NEWS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the News Corp's Second Quarter Fiscal 2020 Conference Call. Today's
conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]

And at this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Michael Florin, Senior Vice President and Head of
Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.

Michael Florin
Senior VP & Head of Investor Relations

Thank you very much, Eduardo. Hello, everyone, and welcome to News Corp's Fiscal Second Quarter 2020
Earnings Call. We issued our earnings press release about an hour ago, and it's now posted on our website
at newscorp.com.

On the call today are Robert Thomson, Chief Executive; and Susan Panuccio, Chief Financial Officer.
We'll open with some prepared remarks and then we'll be happy to take questions from the investment
community.

This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to News Corp's business and
strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corp's Form 10-K and Form 10-
Q filings identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and contain cautionary
statements regarding forward-looking information.

Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements, such as total segment
EBITDA, adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS. The definitions and GAAP to non-GAAP
reconciliations of such measures can be found in our earnings release.

With that, I'll pass it over to Robert Thomson for some opening comments.

Robert J. Thomson
CEO & Director

Thank you, Mike. Before we begin the formalities, I would like to express my sincere thanks to
our readers, customers and employees in Australia, who've combined to respond thoughtfully and
meaningfully to the tragic bushfires, which have had profound consequences for many communities. In
particular, our reporters and editors and photographers have done an extraordinary job in tracking the
fires and highlighting the impact of the tragedy on towns and regions that will take much time to recover.

We are pleased that the company and its founders have pledged more than AUD 11 million to the cause,
and our company has continuing fundraising campaigns that will contribute significantly more over the
coming months. We also thank the many companies which have partnered with News Corp to make a
positive difference for Australian communities.

Turning to our results. As we anticipated, the second quarter was somewhat soft for various businesses.
However, we expect improvement in the second half as real estate markets in Australia show signs
of gradual recovery, and we continued to progress with Opcity at Move, which should benefit the
performance of our Digital Real Estate businesses. We also expect faster growth in digital revenues at Dow
Jones from the previously announced content licensing arrangements, particularly with Facebook, and
improvement in Book Publishing based on the timing of the release schedule.

Meanwhile, we are on the cusp of the seasonal selling peak for Foxtel, given that the main Winter Sports
are soon to launch, and Kayo, our streaming service, has already started seeing upturn in new subscribers
even though we are still in the midst of the low season for sales.

We took an important step on our path towards simplification with the sale of Unruly, a notable
development which will yield financial benefits for us going forward. And I am pleased to say that following

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

NEWS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

our strategic review of News America Marketing, we are engaged in negotiations for a sale of that
business. These ongoing simplification efforts shine a brighter light on the intrinsic and increasing value of
our core assets, which have been patently unappreciated and underappreciated for too long.

For the quarter, the company reported total revenues of approximately $2.5 billion with total segment
EBITDA of $355 million. This represents a decline of 6% in revenues and 4% in profitability versus the
prior year. Foreign exchange fluctuations affected our results with a $50 million effect on revenues or
negative 2%.

As I mentioned last quarter, we are now seeing the early benefits from our long battle for equitable
treatment by the dominant tech platforms. In particular, our deals with Apple and Facebook are beginning
to yield financial dividends, and we welcome their respect for the premium journalism produced by the
talented professionals in News Corp. There are also positive signs that Sundar Pichai at Google has a
thoughtful appreciation for the profound social influence of high-quality journalism.

In Digital Real Estate Services, listing volume in Australia remains challenged, but the trend improved
somewhat in the quarter, particularly in Melbourne and Sydney. REA Group posted record traffic in
October, and buyer inquiries were up 37% in Q2 versus the prior year. These signs point to a gradual
recovery this year in the Australian housing market, which will obviously be efficacious for REA's revenues.

At Move, operator of realtor.com, profit contribution showed a substantial improvement in the quarter. Real
estate revenue grew 4% as we transition to the referral model, which had a natural impact on the timing
of revenues. Key indicators for the property market are encouraging, and we expect to see improvements
at Move in the second half of the year, largely due to the progress at Opcity. We also envisage increasing
monetization of relevant adjacencies as we further leverage our deep transaction data, which is made
significantly more valuable by Opcity's ability to define and refine leads.

Despite Q2 being a weaker quarter seasonally, we nonetheless saw traffic up 9% year-over-year and a
more than 30% increase in page views based on internal metrics. Throughout most of calendar year 2019,
realtor.com continued to gain audience share relative to Zillow and Trulia, according to comScore.

We welcomed David Doctorow to Move this week as the new CEO. David, a savvy digital commerce leader,
comes from eBay and had previously worked at Expedia. His technological vision and marketing prowess
will serve realtor.com and News Corp well in the years ahead. Tracey Fellows, who ably served as acting
Move CEO, is now focusing on her role as President of Global Digital Real Estate and will be emphasizing
the development of our burgeoning digital real estate assets.

Speaking of new talent at News Corp, I'm also pleased to note the arrival of David Kline as News
Corp's Chief Technology Officer. David was at Viacom for the past decade and earlier at Discovery
Communications and is expert at driving innovations and efficiency in global content businesses. David will
ensure that our global shared services are robust, that costs are managed astutely, security integrity is
heightened and technological creativity is enhanced.

The News and Information Services segment showed tangible improvement in the quarter. The segment
EBITDA increasing 27% versus the prior year. Dow Jones had another strong quarter with 17% growth in
digital-only subscribers, including 13% growth in Wall Street Journal digital subscriptions year-over-year.
The Journal's total subscriber base continues to set records with almost 2.7 million subscribers as of the
end of the second quarter. And more recently, Dow Jones consumer subscriptions achieved a new record,
surpassing 3.5 million, with the Journal crossing the 2 million digital subscriptions mark.

I would like to highlight the continuing success of Risk and Compliance, where revenues grew a healthy
21%. In fact, Risk and Compliance has now seen over 20% revenue growth for 12 straight quarters. We
believe the intrinsic value of this business is rising, validated by recent transactions in the sector where
acquisitions have commanded multiples of 20 to 25x EBITDA. Risk and Compliance is not only a jewel in
the crown at Dow Jones, but is on the way to becoming one of News Corp's most valuable assets.

Our efforts to leverage The Wall Street Journal's content continue to yield benefits and are clearly seen
in the success of The Journal, the podcast produced with Spotify. Since its September launch, there have

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

NEWS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

been 20 million downloads. We still have work to do in perfecting podcast, but the acquisition of Wireless
in the U.K. has given us direct access to a professional pool of broadcast talent.

And at the WSJ, we have just begun recognizing revenues from our Facebook content licensing
agreement, with that contribution meaningfully increasing in the second half of the fiscal year under the
terms of our contract. Barron's subscribers hit a record at 615,000 in Q2, up 8% over the prior year. And
we launched a new show on the Fox Business Network during the quarter, Barron's Roundtable, which
already has a full roster of sponsors.

In the U.K., where political stability and leadership have relievedly returned, News UK had a strong
quarter, reflected in results from The Times, The Sunday Times and The Sun. We saw higher ad revenues
at News UK in Q2 with digital growth outpacing print declines, led by meaningful improvement at The
Sun, whose audience grew to approximately 134 million global average monthly unique users in Q2, an
increase of 9% on Q1 according to Google Analytics.

The Times and Sunday Times added digital readers and reached 320,000 subscriptions in Q2, up 19%
year-over-year. Speaking of these publications, News UK last week announced the creation of Times Radio,
a new digital station, which will bring together the expertise of The Times and The Sunday Times and
Wireless. The Sun also moved to monetize its already substantial American audience by launching a U.S.-
based website last month. Early signs strongly suggest that it's tapping into an underserved, growing and
potentially lucrative audience.

In Australia, where the economy has been a little listless and currency relatively weak, our mastheads
expanded to more than 566,000 digital subscriptions as of the end of the quarter, 23% year-over-year
growth. That figure is led by the continued digital transformation at The Australian with 65% of total
subscribers now digital-only.

In the U.S., New York Post revenues rose with digital advertising, again, reaching over 70% of total
advertising revenues and achieving more than 20% revenue growth. The Post Digital Network had an
audience of 95.2 million unique visitors in December, up over 30% year-over-year.

Also in the U.S., just last week, we launched Knewz.com in beta, delivering a uniquely wide range of
automated and curated journalism to readers on mobile and desktop. Knewz.com offers prominence for
providence and aims to bring as much data as possible to publishers, while subscription sites will not be
punished in the ranking system.

By combining sophisticated artificial intelligence with its professional editing, Knewz.com exposes readers
to a vast array of news and views, from left to right, from large publishers to small, national and regional
and from every state in the country. In its first week of soft launch, Knewz had 258,000 users according to
Google Analytics. I recommend that you all download the Knewz app. If you don't Knewz, you simply don't
know.

Turning to Subscription Video Services. Foxtel subscribers increased by 3% to 2.95 million, benefiting from
the launch of Kayo in November 2018. We are in the traditional low season for sports subscriptions, but
Kayo had 372,000 subscribers and 350,000 fully paid subscribers as of the quarter's end, up from 42,000
at the same time last year. As of February 5, Kayo had over 370,000 paid subscribers, a positive trajectory
as we head into the higher season for sports in Australia. Customer reviews are overwhelmingly positive,
and user interface and experience are world-class, in fact, they are peerless.

Foxtel remains focused on the user experience and strengthening the core foundation of its business,
including its powerful entertainment lineup, now featuring 6 new Fox-branded channels, more video-
on-demand content, a refreshed movie offering and a partnership with Netflix, among various other
streaming services. Foxtel also completed key content agreements with NBCU and Discovery in the
quarter, providing more on-demand content so that it is the go-to provider of programming in Australia.
Finally, at Foxtel, we are planning our entertainment OTT product, which is built off the Kayo system and,
like Kayo, will help maximize the value of existing rights and reach binge-conscious consumers outside our
traditional realm.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

NEWS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

In Book Publishing, we had tough comparisons with the prior year, though HarperCollins did see better
growth sequentially in digital through the continued expansion of audiobooks. David Walliams' latest
children's book, The Beast of Buckingham Palace, did well in the U.K. We are confident that we should
see improvement in the second half given the timing of the release schedule, the continued popularity
of The Dutch House by Ann Patchett and the recent successful release of Profiles in Corruption by Peter
Schweizer.

We also look forward to the April release of Volume 2 of Joanna Gaines' highly popular Magnolia Table. We
have also just released books by Jessica Simpson and Carrie Underwood. And in May, we expect to benefit
from the release of the film, Woman in the Window, based on the autonomous best seller by A.J. Finn.

To summarize, the first half was, as expected, a tad sluggish, but we see progress across many of the
segments in the second half. It is increasingly clear that News Corp is harvesting benefits from being a
creator of content as markets, societies and the big tech platforms appreciate its commercial value. We
are simplifying the structure of the company with a view to maximizing its value for investors. As a result,
for example, the inherent value of our Digital Real Estate assets and Dow Jones will be more obvious to
the benefit of all our shareholders.

And now for more details on the second quarter of financial 2020, I turn to Susan Panuccio.

Susan Lee Panuccio
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Robert.

Turning to the financials. Fiscal 2020 second quarter total revenues were approximately $2.5 billion, down
6% versus the prior year. And total segment EBITDA was $355 million, down 4% versus the prior year.
On an adjusted basis, which excludes the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, currency fluctuations
and the other items disclosed in our release, revenues fell 4% and total segment EBITDA decreased 3%,
a notable improvement from the prior quarter's EBITDA performance. For the quarter, diluted earnings per
share were $0.14 as compared to $0.16 in the prior year. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.18 in the
quarter, flat with the prior year.

Turning now to the individual operating segments. In News and Information Services, revenues for the
quarter were over $1.2 billion, down 1% versus the prior year. On an adjusted basis, revenues were
flat, reflecting a material improvement from the prior quarter. Advertising fell 5%, while circulation and
subscriptions grew 3% despite currency headwinds.

Digital revenues for Dow Jones and the newspaper mastheads represented 39% of their combined
revenues, up from 35% in the prior year. Segment EBITDA for the quarter was $142 million, up 27%
from $112 million, benefiting from the growth at News UK and Dow Jones. There was a onetime benefit of
approximately $22 million due to the settlement of certain warranty-related claims in the U.K. However,
even absent that benefit, we saw growth in segment EBITDA. This was driven by the U.K., Dow Jones and
the narrowing losses at the New York Post, partially offset by lower contributions from News Australia and
News America marketing.

Similar to the first quarter, we reclassified approximately $8 million of costs in the second quarter of
fiscal 2019 from the other segment to the News and Information Services segment. These reallocated
costs are related to various initiatives, including News IQ, our global programmatic effort, and certain
shared technology services that directly benefit the News and Information Services segment as part of our
ongoing efforts to leverage our global scale to lower costs.

Turning now to the segment highlights. At Dow Jones, consumer circulation revenues grew at a healthy
5%, reflecting 17% growth in digital paid subscribers across Dow Jones consumer products. This includes
13% growth in digital-only paid subscribers at The Wall Street Journal. In the aggregate, The Wall Street
Journal subscriber base reached approximately 2.6 million.

Professional Information Business revenues accounted for 27% of Dow Jones revenues this quarter,
growing 8% to $115 million, maintaining momentum from the first quarter. As Robert mentioned, the key

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

NEWS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

growth engine continues to be in Risk and Compliance, which grew a healthy 21% this quarter. This is
a highly profitable and scalable business and is on track to approach $160 million of revenues this fiscal
year. The Newswires product also showed growth benefiting from licensing deals with Bloomberg and
FactSet, while Factiva was stable.

Advertising at Dow Jones was weaker this quarter, falling about 5% compared to the prior year. Digital
accounted for 43% of advertising revenues. Digital advertising was lower in the second quarter, primarily
due to tough comparatives from the prior year, which saw significant programmatic growth from
MarketWatch. However, we have seen a strong start so far this quarter, although visibility remains limited.

While it is very early days, we are making progress on monetizing valuable third-party partnerships, which
is our key strategic focus as we expand the reach of Dow Jones and The Wall Street Journal across digital
platforms and markets. These include deals with Twitter for our WSJ Watch Now videos, our weekday
podcast, The Journal with Spotify and our recent content partnerships with Apple and Facebook. Overall,
Dow Jones posted 4% revenue growth and another quarter of increased segment EBITDA contribution.

Elsewhere across our news portfolio, advertising conditions were mixed. News UK's advertising revenues
rose 5% on both a reported and local currency basis, representing second consecutive quarter of year-
over-year growth on a local currency basis, led by digital advertising growth at The Sun and moderating
print declines. Advertising conditions in Australia remained challenging, but improved slightly from the
prior quarter rate with revenues down 11% on a reported basis and down 7% in local currency.

For circulation revenues, the increase in cover prices and digital subscribers at both News Australia and
News UK helped mitigate print volume declines and Australian currency headwinds. Finally, at News
America Marketing, revenues fell 4%, an improvement from quarter 1.

Turning to the Subscription Video Services segment. Revenues for the quarter were $501 million, down
11% versus $562 million in the prior year, of which $25 million or 5% was due to the negative impact
from foreign currency. On an adjusted basis, revenues declined 6%.

Broadcast subscriber trends were relatively similar to the prior quarter, with the revenue decline driven
by a lower broadcast subscriber base and changes to the broadcast subscriber package mix as well
as modestly lower pay-per-view revenues. Revenue declines were partially offset by expanding OTT
revenues. As a reminder, we lapped the price increase from last year, which also impacted the year-over-
year comparison.

Segment EBITDA in the quarter was $70 million, down 17% from the prior year, driven by the revenue
decline, partially offset by lower total cost, including programming and transmission costs, as the team at
Foxtel continues to focus on streamlining business.

Turning to the KPIs. Foxtel's closing paid subscriber base was approximately 3 million as of December
31, reflecting a 3% growth or 96,000 subscribers versus the prior year, driven by the launch of Kayo
in November 2018. Total paying OTT subscribers reached 684,000, up 73% versus last year. We have
seen over the past year that Kayo's paid customers will increase around key exclusive events. With the
conclusion of Australia's popular Winter Sports and the Rugby World Cup, the number of paid subscribers
in Kayo fell from the prior quarter. Notwithstanding, Kayo viewer engagement continues to be strong with
subscribers watching an average of 5.3 weekly hours, with the average customer watching 7 of the 50
different sports available on Kayo each week.

We have also been pleased with the increasing brand awareness, the stability of the platform and, more
importantly, customer feedback in relation to the user experience. Kayo's solid subscriber base gives us
optimism as it enters its second year ahead of the prime Winter Sports selling season.The team continues
to work on a new OTT entertainment product built on the Kayo technology platform with the commercial
launch anticipated in the fourth quarter.

In the second quarter, broadcast churn was 16%, which is slightly higher than the 15.6% in the prior year.
Foxtel direct channel churn of 14% was 2.5 points lower than the prior year, which was the lowest second
quarter rate in 4 years. Like last quarter, the main driver behind the higher churn is coming from the lower
ARPU Telstra wholesale customers on expiring contracts from the past 12 to 24 months. Broadcast ARPU

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

NEWS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

declined about 1% to over AUD 77 per month. In November, we completed the refinancing of a significant
portion of Foxtel debt, which extended maturities for at least 3 years. More details will be available in the
10-Q filing.

At Book Publishing, HarperCollins revenues for the quarter fell 11% to $442 million, and segment EBITDA
fell 28% to $63 million. As we have previously indicated, the revenue decline this quarter was primarily
due to a tough comparison with the prior year, which included Homebody by Joanna Gaines; Girl, Wash
Your Face by Rachel Hollis; The Hate U Give by Angie Thomas; and higher backwards sales from The
Subtle Art by Mark Manson. The declines were partially offset by new releases, which include The Pioneer
Woman Cooks: The New Frontier by Ree Drummond and The Beast of Buckingham Palace by David
Walliams.

We saw a 5% improvement in digital sales compared to the prior year, primarily due to the 17% growth
in downloadable audiobooks. Overall digital sales represented 19% of consumer revenues for the quarter.
Progress is being made with our non-publishing ventures. We expect the partnerships with Elizabeth
Gabler's group at Sony Pictures and Bell Media to provide a longer-term payoff. These partnerships
underscore the value of our intellectual property and should allow us to capitalize on other revenue
streams with very modest capital outlay.

At the Digital Real Estate Services segment, revenues were down 5% to $294 million, of which foreign
currency fluctuations had a negative impact of $8 million or 2%. On an adjusted basis, revenues declined
3%. REA Group revenues were down 8% or down 4% in local currency. The decline moderated from last
quarter, but the benefit from higher yield and improved product mix in the residential business were more
than offset by a 12% year-over-year decline in the new listing volume during the quarter, although the
rate improved in each month during the quarter. Traffic, page views, app launches all trended higher, and
we are seeing key indicators pointing to a gradual property market recovery.

In the developer market, new project commencements fell 33% in the quarter, and the associated
revenues have remained challenged. Please refer to REA's earnings release and their conference call that
just concluded for additional details and comments on their outlook.

Move revenues declined 1% to $121 million, although importantly, real estate revenues grew 4%.
Revenue trends slowed in the quarter, primarily due to the lapping of the Opcity acquisition in October
2018 and the subsequent transition of leads from the core lead model to the referral model, which has a
tiny impact as revenue is recognized when a transaction closes.

The increase in real estate revenues, which represented 82% of total Move revenues, was led by growth in
audience and high-lead volume, together with an increased penetration of Local Experts, a local branded
product. Results at Opcity remain encouraging as we saw improvement in the KPIs across the 17 markets
we are testing, including and most importantly, close rates. We are very encouraged by the results and
continue to anticipate improvements at Move in the second half.

On audience, average monthly unique users for the quarter at realtor.com were 59 million, rising 9%
versus the prior year and a gain from very strong year-over-year growth in page views and time spent
on the site. Segment EBITDA fell 2% to $118 million. However, on an adjusted basis, EBITDA rose 2%.
Results reflect increased profit contribution at Move benefiting from phasing of marketing, restructuring
changes implemented late last year and the lapping of investment cost at Opcity, offset by lower REA
revenues.

I would now like to talk about some of the themes in the upcoming quarter. At News and Information
Services, overall advertising trends thus far remain similar to the prior quarter levels, although visibility
remains limited. We expect to see improvements at Dow Jones from increased licensing revenues from
previously announced content licensing agreements, notably from Facebook. As I noted, we have also
seen a pickup in digital advertising at Dow Jones so far this quarter. Overall, we would expect to see
improvements compared to the prior year among our news brands, although News America Marketing
likely remains challenged.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

NEWS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

In Subscription Video Services, for the third quarter, we expect approximately USD 10 million of costs
related to the accelerated amortization that we previously noted and modestly higher marketing costs in
front of the key Winter Sports selling season. However, we expect full year costs to be relatively stable
with the prior year in local currency given the lower total expenses this quarter, as I mentioned earlier.

In Book Publishing, as Robert mentioned, we expect the timing and slate of new releases, combined with
less challenging prior year comparisons in the fourth quarter, to lead to improvement in Book Publishing
in the second half. And at Digital Real Estate Services, as noted in their release, REA anticipates more
favorable listing conditions in the second half of financial year '20 to deliver a stronger revenue outcome.
Please see their release for more details. We also expect improvements in the second half with the
ongoing progress at Opcity.
With that, let me hand it over to the operator for Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

NEWS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] I'll now take our first question from Kane Hannan at Goldman Sachs.

Kane Hannan
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Just 2 for me, please. Firstly, can you just update us around the expected timing on that NAM sale
negotiations and also your latest thoughts around the use of these proceeds now that Foxtel debt
financing has been finalized?

And then secondly, just on the entertainment OTT plans. What should we read into the HBO Max
trademark that was recently filed in Australia? And can you comment on how you think about the
importance of HBO to your Foxtel's entertainment offering?

Robert J. Thomson
CEO & Director

First of all, our News America Marketing was indeed marketed. We're engaged in active negotiations for
the sale of the company, and I'm happy to report that those discussions are well advanced. Frankly, the
company's balance of revenues have shifted from being a newspaper insert company to being more of an
in-store marketing company, the latter is certainly a profitable business, but not core to our competencies.
I won't comment on the use of the funds.

As for HBO-related questions, you really should pose those to HBO. What I would say is that we have
an unparalleled collection of programming at Foxtel, where unlike U.S. cable companies in that our suite
ranges across a real range of providers. And there's no doubt, for example, with recent renewals of Fox,
NBCU, Sony, Discovery, BBC, we still have 2 more years of HBO that we're in very good shape.

Operator

So I'll take the next question from Entcho Raykovski at Crédit Suisse.

Entcho Raykovski
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

My question is around Kayo. Obviously, subs declined in the quarter. You've pointed to some seasonal
factors driving this. I'm just interested in how that decline is compared to your expectations. Are you a
little bit surprised that subs are down over the period? And I mean, do you feel that we have now reached
close to full penetration for Kayo, admittedly, it's fairly early since the launch?

And then just related to that, I mean, do you think pricing speaks at the right level? Do you feel like you
need additional content? Any comments would be helpful.

Robert J. Thomson
CEO & Director

Entcho, we're at a very early phase of the evolution of Kayo, and it has been an exponential evolution.
If you look at it, really only been in existence for just over a year. And as you know, we are very much
in the low sports season in Australia. Our cricket, fascinating, sometimes antediluvian as it can be, is not
as compelling for crowds in Australia as Aussie Rules or Rugby League, but cricket has certainly made a
positive difference to audience retention. But the Winter Sports in Australia are about congregation and
audience aggregation, and we're on the cusp of that selling season.

Look, there's no doubt that Kayo is an absolutely world-class OTT offering. Also, no doubt that it has a hell
of a runway. As you know, the customer reviews are resoundingly positive and the streaming technology,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

NEWS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

without equal in Australia, is unrivaled and nonpareil. And let us be clear, this is not a $6.99 offering, but a
premium $25-a-month product.

Operator

Our next question comes from Alan Gould at Loop Capital.

Alan Steven Gould
Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research Division

I've got 2 questions, please. First, for Susan, can you just talk where the Foxtel's debt stands now,
including this sell-through debt and what kind of covenant it has and how it stands relative to its
covenants?

And Robert, for you, a more philosophical question. Warren Buffett has given up on local newspapers in
the U.S. In the U.S., you have a national newspaper without local newspapers. How important are the
local newspapers in Australia to your national newspapers and the rest of your Australian business?

Susan Lee Panuccio
Chief Financial Officer

Alan, just in relation to the Foxtel refinancing, you'd be able to find all the details in the 10-Q. They will
have the different charges with the interest rates and the maturities by every individual chart in there.

What I would say, though, is in relation to the covenants, we did put $700 million of a shareholder loan in
subordinated in order to provide plenty of headroom in relation to the covenants. So we have absolutely
no concerns at this stage that there's any issues with those.

Robert J. Thomson
CEO & Director

And as for papers, Alan, look, I think yours is a philosophical question, and I'll give you an even more
philosophical answer is that the ecosystem generally for news content is in the midst of 2 levels of
transition. We have to change the ecosystem for news content. It is digitally dysfunctional, which affects
national and local papers. And then our papers, whether local or national, have to transform themselves
within that changing landscape. Unless fundamental changes take place at both levels, the heavens will
not be, cannot be in equilibrium.

And let's be clear, we are literally dealing with fundamental changes in the character and valued content.
And it is absolutely fair to say that with Rupert and Lachlan Murdoch's leadership, no company has been
as influential on this issue as News Corp.

Operator

Our next question comes from Craig Huber at Huber Research Partners.

Craig Anthony Huber
Huber Research Partners, LLC

I got a few questions. Maybe if I can just go one at a time, please. On your last call, Robert, you
mentioned a little bit of it today, I'd like to hear a little bit further about your relationship with Facebook.
The Wall Street Journal, the payment there, is there room there as you can kind of think out in the coming
years to actually expand that relationship? And the size of monetary payment, what's the benefit for you?
That's my first question.

Robert J. Thomson
CEO & Director

Craig, obviously, that's an evolving relationship, and not just with Facebook, but with the other digital
platforms, where -- I can't, obviously, go into specific details about the agreement, but it is a substantial
agreement. It creates new precedents. We host the content, we sell the advertising and Facebook pays a

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

NEWS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

premium for premium journalism. And up until that point, that kind of precedent hasn't been established,
and it is a precedent that will resonate.

Craig Anthony Huber
Huber Research Partners, LLC

Do you see anything, Robert, the other platforms that's like a Google or something coming down the pike
at some point, maybe get some payments there? Or is that not realistic?

Robert J. Thomson
CEO & Director

I couldn't possibly comment on other platforms other than the observation I made about the real
appreciation of Sundar Pichai for the importance of high-quality journalism for society.

Operator

Our next question comes from Brian Han at Morningstar.

Brian Han
Morningstar Inc., Research Division

Now that you've sold Unruly and put NAM on the sales book, would it be fair to say that assets such as the
Wireless Group, Storyful and Sky News are also being looked at?

And also, Susan, in News and Information, did you guys change the prior quarter's EBITDA number from
$120 million to $112 million? And if so, why?

Robert J. Thomson
CEO & Director

On your question on simplification, obviously, we love all our assets, and we just acquired Wireless,
which is playing a beneficial role in the development of, for example, as I mentioned, podcast skills.
Look, simplification is an ongoing process with a clear, cogent purpose to make the inherent value of the
company more obvious to investors. You may have noticed, it was a complexity to the company given
the mix of assets and the degree of transition in some of the sectors. And the more, frankly, that we can
highlight the value of the individual assets, the more that the positive trajectory and the transparency of
the company will become obvious.

Susan Lee Panuccio
Chief Financial Officer

And Brian, just in relation to your question around the News and Information Services EBITDA, as I
mentioned in my prepared remarks, we -- this is similar to what we did last quarter. We had about $8
million of costs that we reallocated into that segment from the other segment and those costs related to
various initiatives, including News IQ, which is our global programmatic asset, shared technology services
that directly impacts on that particular segment, which we continually look at as we look to leverage our
global scale.

Operator

It appears there are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the conference back to Michael Florin
for any additional closing remarks.

Michael Florin
Senior VP & Head of Investor Relations

Thank you, Eduardo, and thank you for all participating. We look forward to talking to you soon. Have a
great day. Take care.

Operator
This now concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

NEWS CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

