Organon & Co. NYSE:OGN
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, August 12, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.43

1.72

Revenue  (mm)

1533.00

1595.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-27-2021 10:30 AM GMT

20.28

4.04

1.47

5.98

5.92

1591.00

6253.86

6334.54

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

1.57

1.43

1.56

1.72

(0.64 %)

20.28 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
ORGANON & CO. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 12, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jennifer Halchak
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Kevin Ali
CEO & Director

Matthew M. Walsh
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Gregory Daniel Fraser
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Matthew Kelsey Harrison
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Navann Ty
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Stephen Michael Scala
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Terence C. Flynn
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Umer Raffat
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ORGANON & CO. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 12, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Organon Second Quarter Earnings Conference
Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised today's conference call is being recorded. [Operator
Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Ms. Jennifer Halchak, Vice President
of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Jennifer Halchak
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Ian.

Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our second quarter 2021 earnings call. With me today are
Kevin Ali, Organon's Chief Executive Officer; and Matt Walsh, our Chief Financial Officer.

Today, we'll be referencing a presentation that will be visible during this call for those of you on our
webcast. This presentation will also be available following this call on the Events and Presentations section
of our Organon Investor Relations website at www.organon.com.

Before we begin, I would like to caution listeners that certain information discussed by management
during this conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially
from those stated or implied by forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with
the company's business, which are discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, including our Form 10 and subsequent SEC filings.

In addition, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures on this call, which should be considered
as supplement to and not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. A
reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the comparable GAAP measures is included in the press
release and conference call presentation.

I would now like to turn the call over to our CEO, Kevin Ali.

Kevin Ali
CEO & Director

Good morning, everyone. Thank you, Jen.

Welcome, and thank you for joining us today. As you may know, after several years in the making,
Organon's officially spun from Merck on June 2 and began trading as a public company on June 3. So
today marks our first earnings call as a stand-alone public company, and I'm very pleased to be here.
Organon's vision is to create a better and healthier everyday for everyone. We have seen how our vision
and purpose has connected with so many and continues to motivate thousands of our employees who
have been hard at work standing up Organon and at the same time have been focused on driving our
business.

In the second quarter, Organon generated $1.6 billion of revenue, $627 million of adjusted EBITDA
and $1.72 in adjusted earnings per share. Year-to-date, all 3 of our franchises are delivering on their
objectives, each playing their role and driving our vision of improving the health of women. Accordingly,
today, we affirmed the full year 2021 guidance we provided at our May Investor Day. Looking out past
2021, we remain confident in our ability to grow revenue low to mid-single digits on an organic basis,
as LOE risk will largely be behind us and the women's health and biosimilar franchises are positioned to
deliver double-digit growth.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ORGANON & CO. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 12, 2021

Today, we also announced an important milestone for Organon. Our Board of Directors has declared a
quarterly dividend of $0.28 per share, which speaks to the cash-generating power and sustainability of our
business.

Turning to Slide 5 now. Though new as a stand-alone company, the 64 products that came to Organon
for Merck trusted well-recognized medicines, many of them household names. We operate in 3 franchises
Women's Health and biosimilars are 2 growth engines, and established brands, which is a portfolio of 49
products that generate sizable and stable cash flows, even though most have already lost exclusivity.

Organon endeavors to be a different kind of company, one focused on advancing the health of women.
In order to do that, we are broadening our portfolio beyond our already market-leading positions in
contraception and fertility. We have already begun to execute on this vision, already completing 2
transactions in important areas of unmet needs for women.

In June, we completed our acquisition of Alydia Health, which is a commercial-stage medical device
company that received a 510(k) clearance from the FDA in 2020 for the Jada System, a product intended
to control abnormal post-partum bleeding or hemorrhage. We plan to use our global commercial footprint
in reproductive health and experience in creating affordable access and to further develop and bring the
Jada System to more women around the world.

We recently also announced a licensing agreement with ObsEva for the global development, manufacturing
and commercial rights to investigational agent ebopiprant currently being studied as the first -- potential
first-in-class innovation for the treatment of preterm labor. To remind everyone, every year, 15 million
babies are born preterm, and although preterm birth rates are on the rise, there are currently no other
known compounds in development and no approved therapies for the acute treatment of preterm labor
in the United States. As our first development-stage asset, Organon intends to leverage its considerable
expertise and work with the scientific and medical communities and regulatory authorities in major
markets, including the United States, to advance the clinical development and registration of ebopiprant.

Both of these opportunities fall squarely in line with our business development strategy in size, scale,
market opportunities and to our focus on helping address the most serious unmet needs of women.
Our early progress demonstrates how serious we are about our commitment to becoming the leader in
women's health and expanding our portfolio beyond contraception and fertility.

Turning to Slide 6 now. We can't talk about our women's health portfolio without talking about
NEXPLANON, the #2 contraceptive worldwide by revenue and a product we believe has blockbuster
potential. NEXPLANON plays in the large market or otherwise known as the long-acting reversible
contraception segment. Globally, the hormonal contraception market continues to see usage shift away
from the daily combined oral contraceptive segment towards LARCs. LARCs are highly efficacious and
considered to be one of the most effective forms of hormonal contraception available.

NEXPLANON or Implanon NXT, as it's known in some markets, is differentiated even within a large
segment as it's the only single-rod subdermal long-acting reversible contraceptive. It is a progesterone-
only rod that is inserted in a woman's upper arm. Average insertion time takes about a minute, and it
is conducted in the health care provider's office. NEXPLANON has exclusivity in the U.S. until 2027 and
until 2025 in markets outside of the U.S. Currently, NEXPLANON is approved for 3 years of efficacy, but
in November 2020, we began a registration study to evaluate the use of NEXPLANON for up to 5 years.
If successful, we believe this will make NEXPLANON an attractive contraception option for many more
women, including those who are family complete.

During the quarter, our fertility portfolio also showed particular strength. We're very encouraged by
the early traction, especially in China, where fertility demand is very close to being back to pre-COVID
levels. Governments around the world are becoming increasingly active in addressing the fertility issues
families can face. Recently, the Chinese government introduced the 3 child policy. And next year, Japan
will introduce reimbursement for IVF treatments in an attempt to address declining birth rates. The
French government also recently passed a bill to allow egg freezing and for same-sex couple to seek IVF
treatment.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ORGANON & CO. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 12, 2021

Outside of women's health, we're also encouraged by the growing support for biosimilars. The U.S.
biosimilar market continues to grow with increases in physician and payer comfort with biosimilars.
Biosimilars in therapeutic areas we compete in, namely immunology and oncology, are seeing increased
biosimilar utilization, though oncology conversion from originator to biosimilars has been faster. For
example, trastuzumab, which is where ONTRUZANT plays, has some of the highest adoption rates among
biosimilars. We currently see nearly 70% of the trastuzumab market converted to biosimilars.

We are well positioned in the biosimilar market as a commercial collaborator with Samsung Bioepis. We
have a good balance in terms of geographic contribution, so we're not levered to the particular dynamics
of any single market. We have balance with the life cycle of our portfolio. We have marketed products that
are growing, like RENFLEXIS and ONTRUZANT. We have launched assets like HADLIMA in Australia and
Canada, which are performing very well, and we have what we believe will be a major pipeline opportunity
with our anticipated HADLIMA launch in the U.S. in 2023. We also continue to evaluate other potential
pipeline opportunities with Samsung as well as other partners.

And as we think about our established brand portfolio, part of the strategic timing of the spin is that
2021 is an inflection year. It is the last year during which the portfolio is subject to significant new LOE
risk. Beyond 2021, the impact from the LOEs dissipates. Further, we have opportunities to soften the
erosion curve with continued growth of Atozet, launches of certain products in selected markets, and other
life cycle management opportunities. We continue to take an entrepreneurial view with regards to the
established brands portfolio. And all 3 franchises are global businesses, as you'll see on the next slide.

Asia Pacific was the only geographic region that was down in the quarter, and that was driven by ZETIA's
loss of exclusivity in Japan. Our largest region, Europe and Canada, is showing strong double-digit growth,
driven not only by COVID recovery, but also by volume growth in biosimilars and in fertility. The U.S.,
particularly NEXPLANON, benefited from lapping the significant COVID impacts in the second quarter of
last year, but also from growth in fertility. The U.S. also showed solid performance in biosimilars, where we
offer both RENFLEXIS and ONTRUZANT.

In China, we had several positive areas of momentum that more than offset the impact from 4 of our
products being included in the volume-based procurement process in the fourth quarter of last year. We
also saw the respiratory market recovering from the negative COVID impact from 2020. Our fertility
portfolio outpaced the market in Q2, and the contribution from the retail channel continued to grow.
We're actively monitoring the impact of COVID and its variants across the world, but overall, we are very
encouraged by how the portfolio is performing.

And now, I will turn it over to Matt to discuss our second quarter performance in more detail. Matt?

Matthew M. Walsh
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Kevin.

Before I review the details of the quarter, it's important to remind everyone that our second quarter
is unique, and it's what I would call a hybrid quarter. It's hybrid in that Q2 includes approximately 2
months of pre-separation operations for which GAAP mandates the carve-out method of accounting
and approximately 1 month of post-separation business activity accounted for by conventional GAAP
methodologies.

But the key area of commonality across these 2 different methods is revenue, which is presented by
and large on an apples-to-apples basis, and that's where I'll focus most of my commentary. So with this
clarification on basis of presentation, and now, let's turn to Slide 8.

And revenue for the second quarter was up 4.5% as reported and down about 1% at constant currency
exchange rates. The impact of the loss of exclusivity, or LOE, during the second quarter of 2021 compared
to the second quarter of last year is approximately $130 million and it's primarily related to the loss of
exclusivity of ZETIA in the back half of 2020 in Japan, as Kevin mentioned, and NuvaRing's LOE in the
United States.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ORGANON & CO. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 12, 2021

The established brands portfolio has exposure to the volume-based procurement initiative or VBP in
China. The total impact to sales for the second quarter compared to the second quarter of last year was
approximately $40 million and was associated with the third round of VBP, which is the largest so far,
and which occurred in the fourth quarter of 2020. And that included 4 of Organon's products: SINGULAIR
pediatrics, PROSCAR, PROPECIA and Arcoxia.

In the second quarter of 2021, the negative impact of COVID-19 was estimated to be approximately $120
million, which is about $100 million better than last year. Our product portfolio is comprised of physician-
prescribed products, which have been affected by social distancing measures and fewer medical visits. And
although we believe that global health systems and patients continue to adapt to the evolving impacts of
the pandemic and although we have experienced recoveries during the second quarter as compared to the
year-ago quarter, we do expect that ongoing negative impacts will persist through the remainder of 2021.

Foreign exchange translation had a fairly sizable impact in the second quarter. With about 550 basis points
of favorability, it's not -- that's not really surprising given the impact of COVID-19 on global currency
markets in the prior year period and also understanding that approximately 80% of Organon's revenues
are derived outside the United States. And finally, we are seeing volume growth, mainly driven by our key
growth businesses, women's health and biosimilars as well as growth geographically in China in fertility
and in our established brands products, ex VBP.

So now, let's take a look at performance by franchise. We'll start with women's health on Slide 9. Our
women's health business grew 19% as reported and 16% ex FX in the second quarter. We saw growth
in NEXPLANON, which was up 39% ex FX in the quarter and benefited from patients beginning to return
to their health care providers as COVID-19 restrictions are lifted. Now while in-person patient visits
to health care professionals demonstrated recovery in the second quarter, relative to the height of the
COVID-19 pandemic during the same period last year, they are not yet back to pre-pandemic levels. And
as a result, we expect that ongoing negative impacts will persist through the rest of 2021, and that view is
incorporated into our guidance, which we'll discuss shortly.

Our fertility portfolio is showing strength. Volume grew 40% in the quarter. Volume growth came from
increasing demand from new accounts as well as from patients returning to clinics. We have observed that
patients seeking fertility treatments are more motivated to return to doctors' offices than those patients
seeking normal course well visits. So these growth drivers more than offset the 19% decline in NuvaRing
related to increased generic penetration as a result of the NuvaRing's LOE in 2018 in the U.S.

Turning now to biosimilars on Slide 10. Biosimilars grew 43% as reported in the second quarter and 35%
ex FX. We have 5 assets in the portfolio: 3 in immunology and 2 in oncology. We launched our first asset,
BRENZYS, in 2016, followed by RENFLEXIS in 2017, ONTRUZANT in 2018 and AYBINTIO in the back half of
2020. HADLIMA launched this year in Australia and Canada. RENFLEXIS and ONTRUZANT are our 2 largest
offerings, and both are offered in the United States. Globally, RENFLEXIS grew 38% ex FX in the quarter,
driven by strong performance in the U.S. and ONTRUZANT, which was launched in the U.S. in July of last
year, was up 13%.

Let's go to established with brands now on Slide 11. Because of the number of products and established
brands in the multiple markets in which they're sold, we'll often discuss the performance of this franchise
in terms of how it behaves as a portfolio. So revenues for established brands was down 4% as reported
and 10% ex FX in the second quarter of 2021. Excluding the impacts of LOE, revenue was down about 2%
ex FX. Volumes were up incrementally, mainly driven by COVID rebound, and price was down about 2%,
which is consistent with our prior disclosures and that we expect price erosion in established brands to be
in the low single-digit ex LOE over the intermediate term.

China is an important market for established brands, and part of our strategy in this market has been
to move business out of a hospital channel and into the retail channel. And this effort continues to be
successful. The retail channel in China grew double digits and now represents about 45% of established
brands revenue in China, up from approximately 35% a year ago. And just for reference, total revenue
in China across all Organon business lines for the second quarter was $236 million, up 12% versus the
second quarter of last year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ORGANON & CO. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 12, 2021

Now turning to our income statement on Slide 12. Again, because of the hybrid nature of this quarter,
comparability to prior year performance across most income statement line items is not particularly
meaningful. We can, however, draw comparisons at the revenue and gross margin lines, if in the case
of the latter, we make a sensible adjustment to exclude purchase accounting amortization and onetime
items or cost of goods sold. So making this adjustment in the second quarter of 2021, non-GAAP adjusted
gross profit was $1.044 billion, representing a gross margin of 65.5% compared with 71.2% in the second
quarter of last year.

The decline reflects an increase in standalone costs, including certain costs related to manufacturing
agreements between Organon and Merck, which had lower gross margin percentages compared to third-
party product sales. While comparisons to prior year performance are challenging, probably the most
important commentary we can make about Q2 performance is that it aligns very well with the full year
guidance for 2021 that we provided at our Investor Day across all line items of our P&L, from revenue
down to adjusted EBITDA and including our non-GAAP effective tax rate. We'll come back to guidance in a
few moments.

A few parts on debt capitalization. At June 30, our bank debt was $9.5 billion against cash and cash
equivalents of $730 million. Although this cash balance includes about $400 million of prefunded cash that
will shortly be remitted back to Merck related to pre-spinoff inventory conveyance that will actually occur
post separation. So more represented of net debt number is actually closer to $9.2 billion. And if we think
about leverage ratios in the context of the guidance that we're affirming today and just to be illustrative, if
we use the midpoint of our implied 2021 adjusted EBITDA guidance, that would put our net leverage ratio
just below 4x.

We discussed our capital allocation priorities at our Investor Day in May, and I'll repeat them here today.
With the recurring dividend now declare, of course, the dividend becomes capital allocation priority #1.
We've endeavored to set the dividend at a low 20s percentage of free cash flow, excluding onetime cost
of the separation, and this level, we believe, will be very manageable going forward. Our second priority
will be organic growth, which would include life cycle management opportunities for existing products in
the portfolio and capital deployed in our manufacturing plants. And on the latter, we expect to see annual
CapEx in the range of 3% to 4% of revenue on an ongoing basis, excluding separation costs.

Our third capital allocation priority is really tie between: a, execution of external growth plans to develop a
pipeline of product opportunities like Jada 2.0 and ebopiprant; balanced against b, debt reduction and our
commitment to maintaining our BB BA2 rating. We are targeting a long-term leverage ratio below 3.5x net
to adjusted EBITDA.

Turning to guidance now on Slide 13. Today, we are affirming the guidance that we laid out at our May
3 Investor event. Revisiting the basis of presentation. Our guidance, both for the May 3 Investor event
and today is non-GAAP and pro forma as if the spin-off happened on January 1. Beginning with revenue.
This is the chart that we showed at Investor Day, and there's been very little change. We continue to
expect revenue to be in the range of $6.1 to $6.4 billion, which is essentially all organic. We do include a
de minimis partial year revenue contribution from the acquisition of Alydia Health that closed in June. The
biggest component to the year-over-year change in revenue, of course, is the expected LOE impacts.

Impact from LOE were approximately $210 million year-to-date and are primarily related to the loss
of patent protection for ZETIA in Japan and NuvaRing in the United States. So far, we have not seen a
generic entrant for DULERA, which lost exclusivity in 2020. So we're improving our full-year estimate of
LOE impact to $300 million to $400 million -- from the $400 million to $500 million that we projected at
Investor Day.

As we were careful to describe previously, 2021 is an inflection year for Organon. After 2021, our LOE
exposure dissipates to approximately $300 million cumulative over the 4-year period 2022 to 2025. Those
who attend at Investor Day would know that we had said $250 million, but with DULERA now moving out
of '21 into 2022, that pushes out some LOE exposure into future years.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ORGANON & CO. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 12, 2021

As far as upcoming VBP exposure, we now expect that Estradiol will most likely be included in the next
round of VBP in 2022 instead of this year, as we previously expected. But we don't see that moving the
needle on the $200 million to $300 million range we previously expected.

Obviously, COVID is something we're watching closely. Year-to-date impact from COVID was about
$220 million. However, as we consider lagging trends in well visits and the effect that, that has had
on NEXPLANON as well as potential disruptions from the COVID-19 Delta variant, we now believe the
2021 impact from COVID could be more in line with 2020 as opposed to slightly better as we previously
thought. On a yearly basis, we expect foreign exchange translation to be a modest tailwind based on year-
to-date currency performance and where spot rates are currently.

Taken on the whole, this quarter's revenue performance is well aligned with our previous guidance, and
it continues to reflect the key themes that we've been talking about in our public communications prior
to the spinoff. Looking through the LOE issues that are waning, we are seeing volume growth as we
expected, mainly driven by our key growth businesses, women's health and biosimilars. We're also seeing
volume growth geographically in China in fertility and established brands ex VBP.

Turning now to other guidance items on Slide 14. We're affirming all of the guidance that we provided
at Investor Day. We're updating shares outstanding so that it's now a fully diluted number. We expect
weighted average fully diluted shares to be about $254 million for 2021. To reiterate what we said in May,
we expect gross margin to be in the low to mid-60s range. We expect SG&A expense to be in the range of
mid-20% of sales. We expect R&D expense to be in the mid-single-digit range as a percentage of revenue.
And what this really represents is mostly R&D infrastructure and a relatively small amount of variable
spend on the organic life cycle management opportunities that we're planning to undertake for products
currently in the portfolio. As we fill out a pipeline, our R&D expense would rise to support these programs,
and we expect some of that to occur in 2021, but not by enough to revise the guidance range that we
gave previously.

So taking all this together, that would put us on an adjusted EBITDA margin in the range of 36% to
38% for 2021. We expect back half of the year margins to be well within this range based on phasing of
spending. And this is primarily related to delayed spending due to COVID as well as timing of spending for
life cycle management programs, the integration of Alydia Health and some other investments that we're
planning that are intended to drive revenue growth in the future.

Below the line, interest expense for 2021. Again, as if we were a standalone company since the beginning
of the year, it is expected to be approximately $400 million for the year, which reflects our new debt
structure as a standalone company. Depreciation is expected to be in the range of $100 million to $115
million, and we expect our ongoing non-GAAP effective tax rate to be in the range of 17.5% to 19.5%,
with book and cash taxes being roughly similar.

Wrapping up the financial discussion, the franchises are progressing, as we had expected. Given our
outlook for 2021, we continue to believe that we're well positioned for future organic revenue growth
in the low to mid-single digits on a constant currency basis. This will be driven by stabilization in the
established brand portfolio and continued growth in both women's health and biosimilars, each of which
has the potential to grow at low double-digit CAGRs in the intermediate term.

At this point, I'll turn the call back to Kevin for closing remarks.

Kevin Ali
CEO & Director

Thank you, Matt.

And I just want to stress that we're very early in our journey, but we're off to a solid start. Today, we
reaffirmed our outlook for 2021, and we continue to feel very well positioned to deliver low to mid-single-
digit growth off of our 2021 base of business.

In closing, I'd just like to say we're building something special at Organon. We are early in the stages of
building a unique and differentiated ESG approach in the company. We take diversity, inclusion and equity

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ORGANON & CO. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 12, 2021

initiatives very seriously, and we believe our Board, which has the most female representation of any S&P
500 health care company today, will play a key role in our future success.

When we launched our company back in June, we also launched a commitment to listening and
understanding women's health care needs throughout the world so we can find new solutions to address
those needs. It is a purpose that permeates throughout the entire company and our culture, and we
believe creates value across the spectrum of Organon stakeholders.
Now we'd like to open up the call and take your questions. Thank you very much.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ORGANON & CO. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 12, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from [ Lisa Teslavik ] from Goldman Sachs.

Terence C. Flynn
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

This is Terence Flynn. Congrats on your first quarter as a public company.

I was just wondering, a 2-part question. First, if you could elaborate further on your business development
strategy in women's health. I'm assuming Alydia and ObsEva are typical of the deals you're looking for.
But maybe you could give us a little bit more color on the universe of opportunities and what that looks
like, and how you're thinking about the pacing on the forward?

And then the second question I had is just on the dividend -- outlook for dividend growth. How are you
thinking about that? Or is it simply going to be anchored to a payout of free cash flow?

Kevin Ali
CEO & Director

Thanks for your question, Terence. And I'll take the first question, and then pass it over to Matt to deal
with the second question on dividend.

So you're right. I mean, as we mentioned during our Investor Day [ and in our ] various equity roadshow
discussions, we're looking -- as we say, kind of baseball parlance, singles and doubles, and ObsEva and
Alydia fit perfectly in this kind of area. But having said that, we've -- as I mentioned a number of times,
we did a scan a couple of years back, and essentially, we need to update that scan. And we identified
probably about 140 assets in various stages of development around the world, where we could actually
use, some -- obviously, some of our balance sheet capital to be able to go out and make some meaningful
acquisitions.

So we're working because of the fact that, as I mentioned a number of times, the unmet needs are
significant out there in a number of different areas for women, in areas, significantly in terms of -- or
the areas specifically towards those that are predominantly affecting women. And so there's plenty of
opportunity for us. Stay tuned. We're in discussions [indiscernible] and more to come.

Matthew M. Walsh
Chief Financial Officer

And on the dividend, we thought very carefully about where to set the dividend in terms of balancing our
desire for shareholders to participate in the cash flow generation of the business but making sure that we
retained enough cash flow to support our growth program. So the target of the low 20 percentage of free
cash flow in order to strike the right balance, and we'll be looking to stick close to that as we roll it into the
future. So we expect that the dividend will grow [indiscernible] growth of free cash flow.

Operator

Your next question comes from Navann Ty from Citi.

Navann Ty
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Could you comment on the COVID recovery on your key products? And can we expect contraction to be
offset by your facility in the near term? And then longer term, do you have any comments for the outlook
for facilities in China and in the U.S. ?

Kevin Ali
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ORGANON & CO. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 12, 2021

Matt, do you want to take that?

Matthew M. Walsh
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. So we've certainly seen a COVID recovery in the business, the Q2 versus this point last year.
Let's remember at this point last year was really sort of -- I think the depth of the issue in terms of
patients accessing health care systems in the United States and many countries around the world were
on lockdown. So we have seen a COVID rebound in the business. We've seen it more in fertility than
in contraception. As we stated in the prepared comments, fertility patients for a number of reasons
are more motivated to return to the clinics versus patients seeking to roll -- either to initiate a rollover
contraception.

And so we do think that there is more COVID recovery to be realized in the businesses, depending on the
progression of the Delta variant and any other variants that may come. So that's -- and I think we've seen
some encouraging results in terms of the COVID rebound, both for fertility as well as across solid portions
of the established brands portfolio, but we are looking for more as the pandemic recedes.

Kevin Ali
CEO & Director

If I can just add on to some of the points that Matt made, and I'm sure we're going to get into discussions
on NEXPLANON and some other things down the road. But in terms of fertility, because that was a focus
of one of your -- points of your question, it had significant growth in the quarter. And it really anchors
our -- one that helps our focus. Q2 was [ 55% ] growth versus Q2 2020, and year-to-date, we've got
46% growth versus year-to-date 2020. And we're significantly outpacing the fertility market growth. The
market is growing at 35%, and we're growing at 46%. So very positive sign for our fertility efforts and
what we're doing.

And remember that overall, behind what's going on here, is a movement. I mean, I mentioned China and
the 3-child policy, Japan and assuming IVF reimbursement soon to begin, France in terms of egg freezing
as well as same-sex couples reimbursement, more reimbursement from U.S. employers to single payers,
like in EU, recognizing the need to address declining birth rates. So we're very bullish and very focused on
fertility. It's an important area of focus for us, and we'll continue to see the kind of double-digit growth we
always expected from it.

Operator

Your next question comes from Greg Fraser from Truist Securities.

Gregory Daniel Fraser
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

On the revenue guidance, can you speak to the pushes and pulls that could get revenue to the high end
versus the lower end of the range? What's important to consider for the second half? The pandemic is
clearly an unknown, but what are they push and the pulls you can call out that are important to consider?

And then my second question is on biosimilars. ONTRUZANT and BRENZYS are facing greater competitive
intensity in the EU. I think you have some challenging year-over-year comps in the second half for those
products, about some of these businesses, an important part of your growth strategy. So how should we
think about growth in the second half? And what would be the key growth drivers for that business ahead
of the biosimilar [ key major ] launch in the U.S. in 2023?

Matthew M. Walsh
Chief Financial Officer

So I'll take the first part of the question, Kevin, with the push and pull, high and low end versus guidance,
and you can cover biosimilars.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ORGANON & CO. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 12, 2021

So we feel very good about our full year revenue guidance of $6.1 billion to $6.4 billion, the biggest source
of variability in terms of where we land in there, I think the question -- you pointed it out was going to be
where the pandemic takes us. We do believe we have a good handle on most other key drivers, whether
it's [indiscernible] impact, VBP. So whether we end up at the high end or the low end, I think we'll be -- it
will really be driven by the progression of the pandemic and I think where FX rates may go.

Let's not forget, 80% of our revenues are outside the United States. We report in U.S. dollars, so
there can be cases where foreign exchange translation. And this is just a -- it's a reporting impact, not
an economic impact per se that can just drive our reported numbers, even though we may post our
expectations in local currency.

Over to you, Kevin, on biosimilars.

Kevin Ali
CEO & Director

Yes. So great question, Greg. So just to clarify, we do not have the Samsung Bioepis anti-TNF business in
Europe. That is essentially part of Biogen's business there. But what I will say is we are clearly doing well
in biosimilars. Q2, we had 35% growth. And year-to-date, it's 23% growth in spite of, obviously, COVID.

But what we see, for example, going forward, is the fact that RENFLEXIS in the U.S. is doing exceptionally
well, ONTRUZANT just recently launched, and AYBINTIO has been recently launched in the EU, where we
continue to do well because we have the oncology biosimilars in the EU.

Of course, we have our biggest product potential, which is HADLIMA, which is a [indiscernible] is going to
be launching. In 2023, we expect to be second on the market with our own citrate 3 high-dose availability,
which we are very, very bullish on.

Operator

Your next question comes from Charlie Yang from Morgan Stanley.

Matthew Kelsey Harrison
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

It's Matt Harrison. I was hoping you could just comment more broadly, as opposed to just this year, but
the longer-term outlook on VBP pricing and the impact that can have on the business, especially for
NEXPLANON.

Kevin Ali
CEO & Director

Sure. I can handle that, Matt. And so look, I mean we are very, very enthused by the performance in
China currently. Q2, we've got essentially 12% reported growth, and year-to-date, a 3% reported growth.
Remember, 4 products, key products, the largest batch that we've had, were included into the volume-
based procurement process in Q4 of 2020. And through the second quarter, we already stabilized the
business, showing volume growth and revenue growth.

We're really excited as well. Overall, the retail performance -- I mentioned a number of occasions before
that the retail focus we started in 2017, seeing that VBP was going to be an issue, and right now, our
performance in the retail sector in Q2 has grown almost by 30% and already accounts for nearly 45% of
our established brands business in China.

I also mentioned fertility. Fertility, by the way -- just let me take an opportunity to say this, fertility grew
70% in the second quarter. And just as a reminder, the Fertility franchise is not subject to volume-based
procurement and is 100% cash-pay business. Our portfolio in China right now, 60% of the established
brands business. 60% of our portfolio has gone through the volume-based procurement process. 10%, will
not because it's really fertility driven. 30% is remaining. 20% of that 30% will go through in 2022. And
the remaining 10% will come in the outer years, so we're very diversified. Remember, and volume-based
procurement, in terms of China, no single product represents more than 20% of our business.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ORGANON & CO. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 12, 2021

So we've got very well [ represented business ]. [ We have a business that's moving forward through
these challenges ] because we've got experience of it for the last 5 years. And also, we see that the future
is essentially -- in terms of any exposure that we might have -- the URPS, potential exposure, which
potentially happens in 2023, approximately hits -- can affect about 40% of our business there, but it's
been in the forecast, discussed during our May Investor Day. It's already folded in. So we feel very good
that we're on the way back to really managing the volume-based procurement process in China.

Operator

Your next question comes from Umer Raffat from Evercore ISI.

Umer Raffat
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Kevin, if a large business development opportunity were to become available, I'm talking something of
the scale of, let's say, the Biogen-Samsung JV or like a large women's health business from one of the
pharma companies, what -- can you speak to your ability to engage in something like that, especially early
on being a public company? Are you constrained in being able to use it or not? That's first.

Secondly, I know there's a lot of investor interest in figuring out what are the true growth drivers that's
beyond biosimilars going forward. And one of the points I thought about is what's your ability to engage
with Merck on the possibility of using the NEXPLANON device IP for substituting other women's health
generic products in there to create new sort of NEXPLANON 2 and NEXPLANON 3 kind of thing, new
offerings using that device, given the physician comfort with that device. Can you speak to that in any
programs ongoing?

And then finally, where are you guys on the MICROSPHERIX versus NEXPLANON IP side? I know you've
lost a couple of cases, but it's also been my sense that there's starting to be an alignment. And at least
on part of those patents you guys have been able to settle, should we expect MICROSPHERIX to be a
nonissue to NEXPLANON from a damages perspective going forward?

Kevin Ali
CEO & Director

Thanks, Umer. Let me try to address those points. So from a business development perspective, of
course, we're always looking for what we feel is going to be really an important contributor to this type of
business [ of fertility ]. We are, though, executing currently exactly on our strategy, which is essentially,
as I mentioned to you before, there are a number of assets out there that are really looking for a home
because there's significant unmet need. And we believe we can start to be an aggregator in some of
these women's health assets that are unique in terms of what they provide or solutions for some of the
significant unmet needs that women face around the world.

And so right now, the way that we've executed on that strategy is what I believe is spot on to what we
wanted to do. It's really kind of -- look, we're 2 months into our launch, and our spend, we've already
done 2 deals. Well, that really shows our seriousness. But of course, to your point, it's one thing really
attractive with the right valuation and the right focus and the right [ price ], of course, we're going to look
at it seriously. But nothing of that nature is something that we're considering right now. We're considering
more of the same with what you've seen from us over the first 2 months.

In terms of NEXPLANON raw technology, of course, we always -- we're in very close coordination with our
Merck colleagues. And right now, we don't have anything in the pipeline in terms of focusing on using that
raw technology for anything else than what we're doing today, which is essentially moving from 3 years
to 5 years is our focus right now in our life cycle management development for NEXPLANON. We hope
that, that will give us an opportunity to extend the life of NEXPLANON to 2030, which will really make
it available to many more women who really need and want something for that long in the horizon of
efficacy for 5 years.

Finally, in terms of what's happening in MICROSPHERIX, I think we feel very solid and very good.
Obviously, I can't comment on ongoing litigation, but we feel very good with our position there, and we

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ORGANON & CO. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 12, 2021

have a very strong case. As I said, we'd like to wind that down in the not-too-distant future, but we feel
very good and very confident about where we stand right now with that potential issue.

Operator

Your next question comes from Stephen Scala from Cowen.

Stephen Michael Scala
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

In the second quarter, there was a $20 million contribution from other. Can you elaborate on what other
consists of?

Secondly, has Organon done the studies necessary for your Humira biosimilar to the substitutable?

And then lastly, if I might, does Organon have any enemies in development from, obviously, Merck in its
existing pipeline?

Matthew M. Walsh
Chief Financial Officer

So I can take the first part of that question, Kevin. So the $20 million in other is principally supplied
sales to Merck. So as part of the separation, we inherited 6 manufacturing facilities in their totality. And
some of the activity at those sites is related to Merck products, which will be continued under an MSA,
Manufacturing Services Agreement. And so that's what you see in the other part.

Kevin Ali
CEO & Director

And Stephen, to your second question in regards to the interchangeability focus. So Samsung, our partner,
doesn't feel that interchangeability is really the key point right now in terms of what they need to do. And
keep in mind, most of the biosimilars right now up for FDA review ultimately and hopefully approval in the
frame that we set do not also have interchangeability. And it's not really a major issue.

The major issue is really the citrate-free, and of course, the high dose focused on citrate-free product
availability. That is the key because then you're truly becoming a biosimilar because, obviously, the
originator in terms of Humira has [indiscernible], and essentially, that's what we're [indiscernible]. And
we're very confident we'll be in a position of entering second.

It's our biggest opportunity. It's obviously a physician -- rather, a pharmacy-dispensed product, and that
is essentially, I think, a good proof point for the value proposition of what biosimilars will bring to the
market. And in regards to your last point in regards to -- did you mention enemies to -- in terms of do we
have something with regards to Merck and conflict in regards of development?

Stephen Michael Scala
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Did Merck impart any new molecular entities in your pipeline which are in development?

And actually, if I could follow up on your -- on the second question, why do you think interchangeability
of a Humira biosimilar is not important? Or why does Samsung believe it's not important? I think most
people think it is important, so if you can elaborate on that as well, that would be helpful.

Kevin Ali
CEO & Director

Sure. Sure, Stephen. So first and foremost, no, we did not get any new molecular entities in our pipeline
from Merck. We're building our pipeline out, as I mentioned. There's plenty in the hopper in terms of our
business development strategy has been focused in terms of what we can do with our cash flow. And I
think the proof point is really in the 2 deals we've done in a few months that we've actually spun.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

ORGANON & CO. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 12, 2021

In regards to why does Samsung believe that interchangeability is not the key focal point, I believe right
now that Samsung has a view that they've done their research and their due diligence -- and like, for
example, Amgen, in terms of their -- they're the first expected to be on the market, also does not have
interchangeability as part of their focus, value proposition.

So it's really about -- again, I'll repeat citrate-free high dose availability is really going to be a very, very
key things. But the key thing for all of us as well for biosimilar business is order of entry. Really, anything
that you can do to actually be in the first tranche of products that are potentially approved so that you can
offer access and choice to patients is really the key focal strategic point of view for what we're doing in
biosimilars.

Jennifer Halchak
Vice President of Investor Relations

Last question we had in queue. Thank you, everybody, for joining us today. The team looks forward to
engaging with you throughout the quarter.

Kevin Ali
CEO & Director

Thank you.

Operator
This concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

ORGANON & CO. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 12, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

