Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated 
NYSE:PEG
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, October 30, 2020 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.97

0.96

(1.03 %)

0.63

3.38

3.41

Revenue  (mm)

2553.85

2370.00

(7.20 %)

2817.00

10183.95

10636.70

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-26-2020 1:21 PM GMT

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.62

1.02

0.60

0.97

0.64

1.03

0.79

0.96

3.23 %

0.98 %

31.67 %

(1.03 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30,
2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Carlotta N. Chan
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Daniel J. Cregg
Executive VP & CFO

Ralph Izzo
Chairman, President & CEO

ANALYSTS

Constantine Lednev
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

David Keith Arcaro
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Durgesh Chopra
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30,
2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Sylvia, and I am your event operator today.
I would like to welcome everyone to today's conference, Public Service Enterprise Group Third Quarter
2020 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions]

As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, October 30, 2020, and will be available for
telephone replay beginning at 1:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time today until 11:59 Eastern Standard
Time on November 5, 2020. It will also be available as an audio webcast on PSEG's corporate website at
www.pseg.com.

I would now like to turn the conference over to Carlotta Chan. Please go ahead.

Carlotta N. Chan
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Sylvia. Good morning, and thank you for participating in our earnings call. PSEG's third quarter
2020 earnings release, attachments and slides detailing operating results by company are posted on our
website at investor.pseg.com, and our 10-Q will be filed shortly.

The earnings release and other matters discussed during today's call contain forward-looking statements
and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. We will discuss non-GAAP operating
earnings and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA, which differ from net income, as reported in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. We include reconciliations of our non-GAAP
financial measures and a disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements on our IR website and in today's
earnings material.

I'll now turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of PSEG. Joining
Ralph on today's call is Dan Cregg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At the conclusion
of their remarks, there will be time for your questions. Ralph?

Ralph Izzo
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Carlotta, and thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. PSEG reported non-GAAP
operating earnings for the third quarter of 2020 of $0.96 per share versus $0.98 per share in last year's
third quarter. PSEG's GAAP results for the third quarter were $1.14 per share compared with $0.79 per
share in the third quarter of 2019.

Our results for the third quarter bring non-GAAP operating earnings for the year-to-date to $2.78 per
share, up 5.3% compared to the $2.64 per share in the first months of 2019. This performance reflects
the strong contribution from our regulated operations at PSE&G, cost controls at both the utility and PSEG
Power, lower pension expense and the favorable settlement of tax audits mentioned last quarter.

We delivered a solid quarter at both PSE&G and PSEG Power. We are updating PSEG's non-GAAP operating
earnings guidance for 2020 to the range of $3.35 to $3.50 per share, which removes $0.05 per share from
the lower end our original guidance range.

Last month, the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities, I'll refer to them as the BPU, approved the settlement
of the Energy Efficiency component of our Clean Energy Future filing. As you know, we proposed the
comprehensive filing, covering Energy Efficiency, Energy Cloud and Electric Vehicles and Storage in
October of 2018 to help deliver on the goals of New Jersey's Clean Energy Act.

The BPU's landmark decision on Energy Efficiency will enable PSE&G to invest $1 billion over 3 years
to help bring universal access to Energy Efficiency for all New Jersey customers. These programs will
lower customer bills, shrink their carbon footprint and give them greater control over their energy usage.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30,
2020

PSE&G's Clean Energy Future Energy Efficiency program will also establish a clean energy jobs training
program, create over 3,200 direct jobs and enable everyone in New Jersey to benefit from the avoidance
of 8 million metric tons of carbon emissions through 2050.

The $1 billion of remaining CEF programs we've proposed to implement, which is the Energy Cloud, or
otherwise known as advanced metering infrastructure, to expand the Electric Vehicle Infrastructure and
Energy Storage, are entering hearing stages later this year, and we expect them to conclude in the first
quarter of 2021.

Our service area experienced significantly warmer weather during the first half of the summer, which
along with the continued reopening of the New Jersey economy, served to moderate the 7% load loss seen
earlier in the year caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. New Jersey has aggressively managed its positivity
rate since the spring with some recent resurgence, but continues the Phase 3 opening of businesses,
schools and activities that will determine the pace of economic recovery going forward.

Recognizing the extraordinary economic stress the pandemic has placed on many of our customers,
PSE&G in partnership with Governor Murphy and the BPU, extended the nonsafety related shut-off
moratorium to March of 2021 for residential, electric and gas service. The shut-off moratoriums for
commercial and industrial customers will continue through November 15. PSE&G, as always, will work with
customers on alternative payment plans as needed to maintain essential services and inform customers
about assistance programs that are available, such as LIHEAP.

PSEG continues to provide the latest health and safety information and protocols to all of its employees.
And we recently launched the new mobile app that includes a health questionnaire for employees and
contractors who physically report to a PSE&G location. Many of our employees continue to effectively
work remotely, and our responsible reentry planning is ongoing. Our cross-functional executive crisis
management team continues to monitor the business impacts of COVID-19 going into these critical winter
months.

In early August, Tropical Storm Isaias wreaked havoc across the New York, New Jersey area, with powerful
winds and heavy rains and a fast-moving storm that left approximately 1 million of our customers in New
Jersey and Long Island without power. This was by far the most damaging storm we had experienced since
Super Storm Sandy in 2012, and its impact was made worse on several fronts by COVID-19 restrictions.
PSE&G and PSEG Long Island worked around the clock alongside nearly 3,000 mutual aid personnel in
New Jersey and over 5,000 on Long Island to restore service.

In New Jersey, we restored 90% of our customers within 72 hours. The storm was mostly a wind event,
which caused significant physical damage to poles and wires. PSE&G's transmission system did not
experience any outages during the storm event, underscoring the reliability and resiliency benefits of our
Transmission investment programs.

The PSEG Long Island experience was more challenging, we were able to restore 80% of customers who
lost service within 72 hours. However, our customer communications and restoration time estimates were
simply not up to our standards, and we are fixing that. We have spent the past 6 years making dramatic
improvements to customer service on Long Island. And J.D. Power recently recognized PSEG Long Island
as the most improved utility nationally in customer service metrics over this period. Our commitment
to continuous improvement remains in place, and lessons learned from Tropical Storm Isaias will be
leveraged to further improve customer satisfaction.

On the regulatory front, we are continuing confidential settlement discussions with the BPU and other
parties concerning the return on equity related to PSE&G's Federal Energy Regulatory Commission formula
rate for transmission. At the state level, the Energy Efficiency decision authorizing a $1 billion investment
over 3 years represents an annual run rate of about $350 million, which is nearly a tenfold increase from
our previous annual Energy Efficiency spend. These investments will receive recovery of and on capital
through a clause mechanism at the current authorized return on equity of 9.6% and be amortized over
10 years, with no incentives or penalties applied during the first 5 years from the start of the program.
The 10-year Energy Efficiency programs approved by the BPU will help New Jersey achieve its preliminary
energy savings targets of 2.15% for electricity and 1.1% for gas within 5 years.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30,
2020

In addition, as part of the Energy Efficiency settlement, the BPU approved a conservation incentive
program to provide a lost revenue recovery mechanism for sales variations due to Energy Efficiency,
weather and other variables. This conservation incentive program will begin in June 2021 for electric
revenues and in October 2021 for gas revenues.

On the power side, current market conditions continue to be influenced by lower loads due to COVID-19,
low natural gas prices and ample generation. These persistent conditions kept PJM day ahead around the
clock prices in the mid-teens to low $20 per megawatt hour for most days during the third quarter despite
a few weather-driven spikes above $30 per megawatt hour over the summer. Persistently low PJM day
ahead power prices make the economic pressures on our baseload carbon-free nuclear units even more
challenging.

PSEG Power recently submitted its application to extend the Zero Emission Certificate program, I'll refer
to that as ZEC, into 2025 as specified in the 2018 ZEC Law. A BPU final decision is expected in April of
2021. Our application, filed on October 1, demonstrates the financial need for the zero carbon attribute
payment has increased in the last 2 years as energy prices has further declined and continue to pressure
the economic viability of our New Jersey nuclear units.

The addition of evidentiary hearing to the second ZEC proceeding will improve transparency, and we
believe our application supports the need for more than a $10 per megawatt attribute payment for
the Salem and Hope Creek units. A new Brattle report estimates that preservation of our New Jersey
nuclear units through an extension of the $10 per megawatt hour attribute payment saves customers
approximately $175 million per year in lower energy costs over the next 10 years.

The New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection also weighs in through a recently issued report
evaluating the state's progress and reducing its greenhouse gas emissions with the goal of 80% by the
year 2050. One of the recommendations in the DEP's 80x50 report is to, "retain existing carbon-free
resources, including the Stage 3 nuclear power plants," and that's a direct quote. And they called it a
key path to reducing emissions from the electric power generation sector. As our state and region move
increasingly toward carbon-free energy, preserving existing nuclear generation, currently the reliability
backbone of New Jersey's zero-carbon energy mix will grow in importance.

On the ESG front, I'm pleased to announce that we have incorporated equity into our diversity and
inclusion programs, expanding our commitment through new and ongoing initiatives to ensure that all
employees have access to the benefits and opportunities the company offers and promoting equity in
our lower income communities. And regarding governance, we continue to garner first-tier scores for
our contribution to disclosure and transparency as cited in the 2020 update of the Corporate Political
Disclosure and Accountability Index, also known as the CPA Zicklin Index, with a score of 85.7, which
exceeds both the S&P 500 company average, as well as the utility average score of 77.2.

Turning to earnings guidance. As I mentioned, we are narrowing PSEG's non-GAAP operating earnings
guidance for full year 2020 by removing $0.05 per share off the lower end. This updates our guidance
range to $3.35 to $3.50 per share based on solid results through the first 9 months of the year and our
ongoing confidence that we can effectively manage costs at both businesses, continue executing on
PSE&G's investment programs and provide New Jersey with safe, reliable sources of efficient and zero-
carbon sources of electricity.

We continue to expect regulated operations to contribute nearly 80% of total non-GAAP operating earnings
for the year, reflecting the benefits of PSE&G's ongoing investment in New Jersey's energy infrastructure.
We also remain on track to execute on the PSEG's 5-year $13 billion to $15.7 billion capital plan without
the need to issue new equity, and our liquidity position at September 30 stood at nearly $5 billion.

PSEG continues its due diligence and negotiations with Ørsted in preparation of making a final
recommendation to our Board of Directors on whether to invest up to a 25% equity stake in the Ocean
Wind project. We expect to announce our decision later this year.

Before moving to the financial review, I'd also like to mention that since our late July announcement that
PSEG was exploring strategic alternatives for Power's non-nuclear generating fleet, we have received

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30,
2020

positive feedback from investors and regulators. Our intent to accelerate the transformation of PSEG
into a primarily regulated electric and gas utility and contracted zero-carbon generation, is proceeding
as planned. We are still in the early stages of this process, and we expect to begin marketing a potential
transaction in one or a series of steps by the end of this year. If successful, we should be able to complete
the process during 2021.

I will now turn the call over to Dan for more details on our operating results and will be available for your
questions after his remarks.

Daniel J. Cregg
Executive VP & CFO

Great. Thank you, Ralph, and good morning, everybody. As Ralph said, PSEG reported non-GAAP
operating earnings for the third quarter of 2020 of $0.96 per share versus $0.98 per share in last year's
third quarter. We provided you with information on Slide 9 regarding contribution to non-GAAP operating
earnings by business for the quarter. And Slide 10 contains a waterfall chart that takes you through the
net changes quarter-over-quarter in non-GAAP operating earnings by major business.

And I will now review each company in more detail starting with PSE&G. PSE&G reported net income
of $0.61 per share for the third quarter of 2020 compared with net income of $0.68 per share for the
third quarter of 2019, as shown on Slide 14. Utility's third quarter results reflected ongoing growth from
our investment programs, offset by certain items, largely reflecting tax adjustments that are timing in
nature. For the year-to-date period, PSE&G results are on track to achieve our full year guidance, driven
by revenue growth from ongoing capital investment programs, lower pension expense and cost control.

Investment in Transmission added $0.04 per share to third quarter net income. Electric margin was $0.01
per share favorable compared to the year earlier quarter, driven by higher weather-normalized residential
volumes, mostly offset by lower commercial and industrial demand. Summer 2020 weather was $0.01 per
share ahead of weather experienced in the third quarter of 2019. O&M expense was $0.03 unfavorable
versus the third quarter of 2019, primarily reflecting our internal labor costs from Tropical Storm Isaias
and timing of certain maintenance activities, partly offset by the reversal of certain COVID-19-related cost
recognized in prior quarters.

In July, the BPU authorized PSE&G to defer certain expenses incurred because of the COVID-19 pandemic.
To reflect that order, PSE&G deferred certain COVID-19-related O&M and gas bad debt expense previously
recorded and established a corresponding regulatory asset of approximately $0.05 per share for future
recovery. Partially offsetting this timing item, PSE&G reversed a $0.04 accrual of revenue under the
weather normalization cost for collection of lower gas margins resulting from warmer-than-normal winter
earlier in the year, due to recovery limitations under that clause's earnings test.

Distribution-related depreciation lowered net income by $0.01 per share and nonoperating pension
expense was $0.01 per share favorable compared with last year's third quarter. Flow through taxes and
other items lowered net income by $0.07 per share compared to the third quarter of 2019, driven largely
by timing of taxes and taxes related to bad debt expense. The majority of these tax items are expected
to reverse, about half in the fourth quarter, with taxes related to bad debts reversing in the future based
upon the timing of actual write-offs.

Summer weather in the third quarter, as measured by the Temperature-Humidity Index, was nearly 18%
warmer than normal and 7% warmer than the third quarter of 2019. Weather-normalized electric sales
for the quarter declined by approximately 1% versus last year, again reflecting the increases that we've
seen in residential volumes, but which only partially offsets lower commercial industrial sales. Residential
weather-normalized sales were up 7% due to the COVID-19 work-from-home impact. However, C&I sales
declined by approximately 6%, with many parts of the New Jersey economy not yet fully reopened. On
a net margin basis, however, residential margins, which are driven by volumes, up 5% year-to-date,
weather normalized, have offset the margin impact of lower C&I demands.

PSE&G's capital program remains on schedule. PSE&G invested approximately $700 million in the
third quarter and $1.9 billion through September 30 as part of its 2020 capital investment program

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30,
2020

of approximately $2.7 billion in infrastructure upgrades to its transmission and distribution facilities to
maintain reliability, increase resiliency and replace aging energy infrastructure. The Clean Energy Future
Energy Efficiency investment will begin later this year and ramp up to approximately $125 million in 2021
before reaching a full annual run rate of about $350 million in 2022. We continue to forecast that over
90% of PSEG's planned capital investment will be directed to the utility over the 2020 to 2024 time frame.

Earlier this month, PSE&G filed its annual transmission formula rate update with FERC to reflect, among
other updates, net plant additions. PJM cost reallocations will more than offset the higher revenue
requirements of approximately $119 million and result in a net reduction in costs to PSE&G customers
when implemented in January of 2021. PSE&G's forecasted net income for the full year has been updated
to $1.325 billion to $1.355 billion from $1.310 billion to $1.370 billion.

Now I'll move on to Power. PCG Power reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the third quarter of
$0.33 per share and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA of $349 million. This compares to non-GAAP operating
earnings of $0.29 per share and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA of $322 million for the third quarter of 2019.
Non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA excludes the same items as our non-GAAP operating earnings measure, as
well as income tax expense, interest expense, depreciation and amortization expense.

The earnings release in Slide 20 provides you with a detailed analysis of the items having an impact on
PSEG Power's non-GAAP operating earnings relative to net income quarter-over-quarter. And we've also
provided you with more detail on generation for the quarter and for year-to-date 2020 on Slides 21 and
22.

PSEG Power's third quarter non-GAAP operating earnings were positively affected by several items that
have improved results by $0.04 per share compared to the year ago quarter. The scheduled rise in PJM's
capacity revenue on June 1 increased non-GAAP operating earnings comparisons by $0.03 per share
compared with the third quarter of 2019. Reduced generation volumes lowered results by $0.02 per share
versus the third quarter of '19, reflecting the sale of the Keystone and Conemaugh coal units last year, as
well as some lower market demand.

Recontracting and market impacts reduced results by $0.02 per share versus the year ago quarter, and
gas operations were $0.02 per share higher. Lower O&M expense was $0.03 per share favorable compared
to last year's third quarter, reflecting lower fossil maintenance costs, including the absence of a major
outage at Linden that occurred in the third quarter of 2019. Lower interest and depreciation expense
combined to add $0.01 per share versus the year ago quarter. And also during the quarter, New Jersey
enacted an increase in the corporate surtax to 2.5% as part of the fiscal year 2021 budget, which lowered
comparisons $0.01 per share for the third quarter of 2019.

Gross margin for the third quarter was $33 per megawatt hour, an improvement of $2 per megawatt hour
over the third quarter of 2019, mainly reflecting the scheduled increase in capacity prices with a new
energy year that began June 1. Power prices and natural gas prices stayed low through the summer as
reduced commercial activity across PJM, New York and Maryland experienced lower loads and countered
most of the weather-related demand surges.

Turning to Power's operations. Total generating output declined 9% to 14.9 terawatt hours for the third
quarter, reflecting the sale of Keystone and Conemaugh. PSEG Power's combined cycle fleet produced
6.7 terawatt hours of output, down 7%, reflecting lower market demand, driven by ongoing COVID-19-
related impacts on economic activity in the state. The nuclear fleet operated at an average capacity factor
of 95.9% -- I'm sorry, 95.7% for the quarter, producing 8.2 terawatt hours, up 5% over the third quarter
of '19 and represented 55% of total generation.

PSEG Power continues to forecast total output of 2020 of 50 terawatt hours to 52 terawatt hours. For the
remainder of 2020, Power has hedged approximately 95% to 100% of production at an average price of
$36 per megawatt hour. For 2021, Power has hedged 75% to 80% of forecast production of 48 terawatt
hours to 50 terawatt hours, at an average price of $35 per megawatt hour. And Power's also forecasting
output for 2022 of 48 terawatt hours to 50 terawatt hours and approximately 35% to 40% of Power's
output in 2022 is hedged at an average price of $34 per megawatt hour.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30,
2020

We're updating the forecast of both Power's non-GAAP operating earnings for 2020 to a range of $385
million to $430 million from $345 million to $435 million, and our estimate of non-GAAP operating EBITDA
to a range of $980 million to $1.045 billion from $950 million to $1.50 million.

I'll briefly address operating results from Enterprise and Other, who reported net income of $8 million or
$0.02 per share for the third quarter of 2020 compared to net income of $6 million or $0.01 per share in
the third quarter of 2019. Net income for the quarter reflects ongoing contributions from PSEG Long Island
and lower taxes that were partially offset by a small loss on the sale of the Powerton and Julia investments
at Energy Holdings. And the forecast for PSEG Enterprise and Other for 2020 has been updated to a net
loss of $10 million from a net loss of $5 million.

PSEG ended the third quarter with over $4.9 billion of available liquidity, including cash on hand of about
$966 million, and debt representing 52% of our consolidated capital. In August, PSEG issued $550 million
5-year senior notes at 80 basis points and $550 million 10-year senior notes at 1.6% and retired $500
million of the 364-day term loan agreements issued in the spring. PSEG also has $700 million of floating
rate term loans that will mature in November 2020. Also in August, PSE&G issued $375 million of 30-year
secured medium-term notes at a coupon rate of 2.05% and retired $250 million of MTNs at maturity.

Following PCG's announcement that it would explore strategic alternatives for Power's nonnuclear fleet,
S&P lowered PSEG Power's credit ratings to BBB with a stable outlook from BBB+ with a stable outlook,
[ signing its view ] that PSEG Power was no longer viewed as core to PSEG.

S&P's rationale reflects its family rating methodology that had previously provided a 1 notch uplift to
power due to that core designation. And Moody's also published updated issuer comments following the
announcement and left Power's credit ratings unchanged at Baa1 with a stable outlook.

Power's debt as a percentage of capital declined to 28% at September 30, and we still expect to fully fund
PSEG's 5 year $13 billion to $15.7 billion capital investment program over the 2020 to 2024 period without
the need to issue new equity.

And as Ralph mentioned, we've narrowed our non-GAAP operating earnings guidance for the full year by
removing $0.05 per share from the lower end of the original guidance and updated the range to $3.35 to
$3.50 share.
That concludes my comments. And Sylvia, we are now ready to answer questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30,
2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan.

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I just wanted to start off with offshore wind, if that's okay. And just wanted to see if the recent Ørsted
commentary on seeing delays on some of their US-based onshore projects influenced your thinking in
your involvement here? And do you have any thoughts on some of the feedback Ørsted's received in New
Jersey, some negative feedback recently?

Ralph Izzo
Chairman, President & CEO

So I'd say, Jeremy, that given the fact that this is an industry in its infancy, candidly all of us expected
there to be regulatory delays. And the issue that I think you're referring to in the state of New Jersey
was just over the extent to which Offshore Wind would help grow the economy. And in something as new
as this, the expectations for job growth versus the delivery of job growth and the pace at which this is
happening, are not in complete alignment, but the direction is completely aligned.

So the state remains committed to growing the industry. Ørsted remains committed to supporting its
projects with the hiring practices that it put forth in its solicitation, and I think it's just a case of people
needing to talk to each other more often about how much and how fast. But there's no dispute over what
direction it's gone.

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got it. That makes sense. So it sounds like this wouldn't influence your appetite for participating in future
rounds of bids for Offshore Wind, like the one that's expected to?

Ralph Izzo
Chairman, President & CEO

No, that's correct. We have maintained that if we are still in the 25% equity position, we would only do so
with the implication of participating in future solicitation, we would not be particularly interested in just a
one-off project.

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got it. Understood. And just switching gears here, do you have any thoughts on the delayed BPU FRR
evaluation here? And do you have any thoughts on what some of the drivers of the delay could be? And do
you have any sense on how the FRR study could impact your ZEC application?

Ralph Izzo
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, yes. This is -- I want to make sure everyone hears this clearly and quotes me and gets this back
to the BPU. I have to commend the BPU on the schedule they've maintained in what has been a very
ambitious agenda. And when you think about all that they've accomplished getting the first Offshore Wind
solicitation complete, getting the second one out the door, initiating the analysis of the FRR. Really the
critical period for New Jersey is that when the offshore wind project's still commercial in 2024, and that
will be all 1,000 megawatts, that will be a fraction of that, to not have to pay twice for capacity.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30,
2020

That PJM capacity auction is not likely to take place until, at best, late in 2021, probably in 2022. So to
my knowledge, the BPU process is really on the schedule that the staff laid out, that some time the end of
this year or early next year, they'll get their consultants report out, and then they'll consider whether they
need legislation. We don't think that they do, but it depends on the design.

So I'd say, Jeremy, they're in pretty good shape to avoid this double capacity payment by the 2024
auction at this point.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Thanks for the clarity there a second ago, crystal clear. So I wanted to come back to this, though, how
are you thinking about strategic decisions on the nuclear business as it stands today? And I'd be curious
if a sale or spin would be something that you would all -- would be amenable to, and I'm sure you all are
familiar with some of the media reports out there? So I just want to get ahead of that and try to see if
that's a part of your considerations, one way or another.

Ralph Izzo
Chairman, President & CEO

So Julian, there are 2 reasons why we opted to simply focus on our non-nuclear assets. Number one was
to further solidify what we believe to be a strong ESG position; and secondly, as you know, we are in
the process, as Dan and I just discussed, the filing for round 2 of the ZEC process. And we didn't think it
was fair to New Jersey or the BPU to undertake a ZEC process and not know who the eventual owners of
nuclear might be. So we're more than happy to own and operate nuclear plants if they are meeting the
state's energy needs, if they are marching the state towards its carbon aspirations, and this is a critical
third condition, they are economically viable. And those plants are not economically viable without the
ZEC.

And in fact, I can't go into details because the financials that we submitted are confidential, but they
actually are in need of more than $10 per megawatt hour. We are willing to operate them at $10 a
megawatt hour because we do think that the direction of public policy, both in New Jersey and in the
nation, is the increased recognition of the importance of carbon-free energy to mitigate climate change,
and that value will eventually be more fully recognized. But -- so in the absence of that payment, then we
wouldn't be able to operate those plants. And that's an old story, right, because that's been going on for at
least 3 or 4 years now.

I'm not familiar with any media reports you're referring to, so I'm not going to be able to comment on
that. But I'm sure that there will be a constant attention to this regulatory process.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Got it. Okay. That's fair enough. And just in terms of the disclosures that you're providing with the BPU,
there's obviously been a lot of discussion about transparency and the need for nuclear support across
a variety of states, I'm sure you're aware. Can you talk about how this go-around might differ from the
last initial request or is that -- especially from a disclosure perspective, and I understand it may not
necessarily all be public either. But I'm just curious if you can elaborate a little bit.

Ralph Izzo
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, so as you know, there's 2 main differences in round 2 versus round 1, and then I'll turn it over to
Dan for a second. In round 2, we have the ability of the BPU to set a number between 0 and 10, whereas
in round 1, it was either 0 or 10. Also in round 2, there's a much more transparent public process that

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30,
2020

we think is great for everyone. There'll be a preliminary decision in December, followed by evidentiary
hearings, response to the preliminary decision and a final decision in April.

So I think that, that's great. because look, those plants are necessary. As we pointed out, they save
consumers almost $200 million a year, $175 million a year over 10 years. They eliminate 13 million tons
of carbon a year. They provide employment for 1,600 PSEG employees, 5,000 employees in general. But
the reality is the current advantages enjoyed by natural gas in the absence of a price on carbon and at
the subsidized levels for renewables, which are far above the cost of nuclear, they're under tremendous
economic disadvantages.

And you don't have to do a very sophisticated analysis. NEI published what the average cost is of
operating a nuclear plant, and it's about $30 per megawatt hour. And in fact, if you look at what round-
the-clock prices are doing and ahead capacity is doing, it's around $30 a megawatt hour. So unless you
think that the company should invest over $1 billion a year for 0 return, those plants are not reliable.

So -- and then, of course, the last attribute, in addition to the carbon-free energy is, they are baseload
workforces. And despite our enthusiasm for wind and solar, mother nature doesn't answer to us. And the
dispatchability of those resources, we all know screams for the need for battery storage or some storage
mechanism, and that just adds additional economic pain to customers above and beyond what they're
already experiencing. So nuclear is a slam dunk winner, and I'm sure the regulatory process will bear that
out.

Daniel J. Cregg
Executive VP & CFO

And, Julian, I think Ralph said everything I would have said about it, and just about the process and how
everything runs. And the only other thing I would add is just as we go into this process, we're in a more
challenging price environment. So things have -- from a standpoint of the environment that the facilities
are in, from a market environment, you've got a continued decline in forward prices and incremental 0
cost energy that's coming online. So it is more challenging economically than it's been in the past. So we'll
go through the process that Ralph described in the next 6 months or so.

Operator

Your next question comes from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners.

Constantine Lednev
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

It's actually Constantine here for Shar stepping in. Just wanted to kind of follow-up on some of your
thinking on the infrastructure programs and kind of the Clean Energy Future programs. Just in terms of
kind of longevity, at the current CapEx levels, how would those kind of programs help New Jersey reach
the broader policy goal? And in the same line of thinking, kind of how long is the runway, so to speak, for
the infrastructure programs like the GSMP and various [indiscernible] and so forth?

Ralph Izzo
Chairman, President & CEO

So good questions that seem related but slightly different answers, right? On the kind of traditional
infrastructure programs, remember, what we're doing there is we're not building new infrastructure to
meet new demand, which was the primary thesis for utilities for many, many decades in the better part of
the entire 20th century. In our case, we're having to replace an aging infrastructure, not because of the
growth in demand, but because of a variety of factors, including increased reliance upon electricity for our
way of life and more extreme weather conditions driven by what we believe to be climate change, others
may choose their own beliefs.

So that aging infrastructure replacement program is essentially perpetual because we cannot replace that
aging infrastructure in just a few short years, it would just be prohibitively expensive. So you get in this
position where, as it was the case for our gas system monetization program, even at the $400 million a
year that we're currently spending, we have another 20 years worth of work to do then. And since we
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30,
2020

started that program 10 years ago, we will then have our newest pipe be 30 years old and some of the
pipe that's currently 50 years old will be 70 years old by that point.

So -- and the same can be said about our Transmission system and substations. As you probably know, we
haven't even touched the last mile of our electric system. We have done this double-digit or near double-
digit growth rate in our regulated utility, focused primarily on cast iron gas main, Transmission and electric
substations. And now with the increased dependence of residential customers on reliability, which we think
will have a post-COVID permanency to it, we do think that increased reliability to the home, that last mile,
is going to become increasingly important.

So there is interest in New Jersey around helping the state recover from its current economic downturn by
accelerating some of that infrastructure replacement work and doing more in the way of kind of stimulus
activity because it is essential work. That could lead us to perhaps deviating, at least in the short term,
from what is the one and only controlling limitation to the amount of investment that's required, and that's
the impact on the customer bill.

As you may be aware, we have steadfastly tried to pace ourselves so that our clause recovery and our
formula rate treatment at FERC -- our clause recovery in the state and our formula rate treatment at
FERC, allows us to make this infrastructure replacement, yet allows the bill to kind of move up at CPI. A
bill that, by the way, is 30% below where it was 10 years ago in nominal terms, and 40% below where it
was 10 years ago in real terms.

So stimulus might allow us to break that rule a little bit and just recognizing that if you take customers
-- utility bills from 3% of their disposable income to 3.06% of their disposable income, that that's a price
worth paying to put people to work and make some major infrastructure improvements.

Separate and apart from that, though, was the question you asked about the Clean Energy Future, and
that's a different set of circumstances. In our case, where we're choosing to focus is on Energy Efficiency,
which I call the quadruple winner, is this 8 million less tons of carbon emitted into the atmosphere so the
environment loves it. There's lower bills for customers who participate, and in fact, there's a net savings to
the whole customer base of $1 billion, so customers are smiling. There's over 4,000 jobs that we think we
can create, so the economy smiles. And our shareholders are getting a 9.6% ROE with contemporaneous
return on the investment. And it's really -- it's just a phenomenal investment opportunity and opens up a
whole new definition of rate base for us, one that I am firmly convinced the state will be eager to continue
beyond the 3 years of the program. In fact, if you look at the $1 billion 3-year grant approval we received,
that's actually a faster run rate in the initial period than the $2.5 billion 6-year program that we had
originally proposed.

Now as for the state's aspiration for other clean technologies such as offshore wind and solar, that is
a different story. That is far more expensive. And that will have to rely upon the price curve coming
down and technology bending that price down and the state pacing is the appetite for that so as to not
overburden the consumer. But in terms of the areas that we're involved with, I have a high degree of
confidence that there's very strong support for continuing this. Sorry for the long answer.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

That's definitely well appreciated. Jumping -- again to follow-up a little bit on kind of the fossil asset sale
kind of process kind of thing, some of the thoughts around it. I mean it's, obviously, a pretty good set of
assets in the market and kind of the equity part of the price tag is definitely going to be sizeable, just kind
of given the fact that there's not much leverage on the business. Curious to get some of your thoughts on
like capital recycling and kind of what the priority would be for reinvestment, buybacks and kind of how to
keep it all efficient?

Daniel J. Cregg
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So it's a great question. And you're right, if you take a look at Power, it is not very heavily levered.
There's about $2.4 billion right now of debt outstanding. And by the time we get to the end of a potential

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30,
2020

transaction, you would see about $1 billion that would be redeemed at that point, so about $1.4 billion.
And I agree with your commentary, if you think about the quality of the assets that we're talking about,
that would provide some -- more than sufficient capital, one would think to take care of that bit.

So yes, you would think about the repayment of that debt, meaning, first and foremost, you would think
about having excess capital. And I would say, really, general corporate purposes is what is normally
conveyed, and I think that's the right conveyance here. I think that we've talked about an existing capital
program that's in place, we've talked about the potential for some incremental capital identification. We
have always gone through our 5-year plan with a declining capital forecast. And by the time we get to the
end of that 5 years, there's other opportunities that we've seen on the other side. And whether some of
that could be something from a stimulus perspective, coming out of this economic impacts that we've seen
from COVID, is to be seen.

So I think the continued deployment of capital into the utility is the first place that we would look to. And
then to the extent there's excess, we would weigh that against incremental potential opportunities for
capital as well as some kind of a return to the extent that those opportunities didn't exist from. Could be
dividends, could be buybacks. They're not out of the question, but certainly, not first and foremost on the
list.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra from Evercore.

Durgesh Chopra
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Ralph, can I just go back to the -- I want to understand -- make sure I understand the conservation
efficiency program. What does it mean [indiscernible] does that protect you going forward from like lost
revenues from storms, weather, something like COVID, can you just talk through that?

And then second, like is this a pilot program where you have to make a filing every other year or things
like that or is this basically a permanent thing at this point?

Ralph Izzo
Chairman, President & CEO

So Dan, I'll answer the question about how often we have to make the filing, but I do know that whenever
we file, we get -- we don't suffer any lag associated with that, but I forget if it's 6 or 12 months.

No, what I was referring to, and hopefully, I'm answering your question, if not just nudge me back in the
right direction, is, look, the city of Newark, as an example, we have a dual 26 kV distribution loops into
the city because we have commercial centers that have thousands of employees who come here every day
and expect the lights to be on, the air conditioning to run, and the computer systems to operate. They're
not here now. There's 4 of us in the office today, and most of our employees are working from home. Well,
the level of reliability they have in their homes is quite different than the level of reliability that we have
feeding this building. And it's not because it's the PSEG building, that's just typical of businesses in the
Newark area.

So if now the home is going to become the place where not only you eat and sleep, but you work, you
fill up your gas tank, so to speak, you energize your vehicle. You charge all of your information tools,
your phone, your computers. That grid is not prepared to deliver the kind of reliability that people will
not expect when another Isaias hits or another Super Storm Sandy or just a typical Northeast thunder
storm. So the investment in the last mile, what I'm talking about there is the overhead system, will need
to be made if the economy is not to come to a grinding halt during fairly routine storm events that we
have nowadays. I'm not calling Sandy routine event, but as we've seen in some parts of the country,
whether it's what's going on in the Gulf or what we have had in the past in the Northeast, we are getting
more intense weather events. And you can't ask people to just stop work for 3 to 5 days if they have that
weather event when they're working from home.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30,
2020

So that's what I was referring to, and I think policymakers are really plugging into that. Now we will
benefit from AMI and our ability to identify outages at the individual customer location. And regrettably,
New Jersey does not have that capability now, but I do believe our BPU commissioners understand the
importance of that. And I'm hopeful and optimistic we can resolve that in just a few short months.

But Dan, did you want to talk a little bit about how we file for these things?

Daniel J. Cregg
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So if you think about what New Jersey is trying to get at from a Energy Efficiency program
standpoint, it is a step change from where we have been historically. And I think it literally will catapult the
state to among the best in the country with respect to Energy Efficiency programs.

And so if you think about a program of that magnitude, it's important from the utility perspective as it
pursues that, that there is some kind of a form of loss revenue recovery. And that's what was in the filing,
it has been a topic of the discussion that we have gone through as we've gone through the process, and
where we ended up was really borrowing from something that the gas utilities had largely had in place
historically, and that's the CIP, the Conservation Incentive Program.

So it is -- we talked about it a little bit in our prepared remarks. It is an annual filing, it would begin into
2021. If you think about the -- let the program get up and running as we implement the loss revenue
recovery for the program that we're talking about. And so it would start June for the electric side of
the business, and October for the gas side of the business. If you think about the seasonality of those
businesses, it's a very logical way to do it. And it will be an annual filing. It is not a lag-oriented filing.
Basically, it's going to cover the changes from the baseline year that you have. I think the way to think
about that is the last rate case from a usage perspective. And will essentially be put in place to be able to
recover the shortfalls or provide the excess back to basically bring back to a more stable revenue stream.

So I think it's a great solution for the challenge that would come about by virtue of lost revenues through
an Energy Efficiency program. So I think we ended up in a very good place there.

Durgesh Chopra
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I just want to be clear, does that only cover lost revenues from efficiency programs or does it cover lost
revenues from weather-related changes, or perhaps lost revenues from storms and other events?

Daniel J. Cregg
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. It is more broad than the Energy Efficiency, so it's going to cover broader lost revenues. In fact, if you
think about our gas with a normalization clause, that will essentially be suspended against the backdrop of
this, this will kind of supersede that if it's [ broader ].

Durgesh Chopra
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Excellent. That's super constructive. Then maybe just a quick follow-up on the fossil transactions. Does
the -- and I appreciate you launched the process here last quarter knowing the elections around the
corner, but in terms of potential tax rate change impact you're thinking at all, does it matter for that
transaction for the non-nuclear potential sale transaction?

Daniel J. Cregg
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I mean, look, obviously, it will have an impact on the dollars that flow out of what happens, but it will
not change the bottom line intent and nature of where we are headed. I think that's the simplest way to
say it.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30,
2020

Your next question comes from David Arcaro from Morgan Stanley.

David Keith Arcaro
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Could you give an update, a status update, on the Transmission ROE discussion that's going on with the
BPU?

Ralph Izzo
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes David, unfortunately, I can't say much more than what we did in our initial remarks because they are
confidential. I do think that there is still a lot of goodwill and good intent on the part of all parties. So it's
a 3-person conversation, it's us, the BPU and our consumer advocate, the ratepayer advocate. And clearly,
what motivates our colleagues in the BPU and the ratepayer advocate is providing immediate relief to New
Jersey consumers in the form of lower rates, in particular, exacerbated by COVID-19 challenges.

What motivates us is removing some uncertainty over where things could end up if we went to FERC. But
-- and we've closed a significant difference in points of view from when we first started talking, but there
still is a small gap between us. Whether or not we can resolve that, I really do remain hopeful, but I can't
say for sure that we will.

So we're still talking to each other. I think that that's a positive thing. And the gap is small, that's a
positive thing, but it's not done. And I don't want to violate the confidentiality of it by saying any more.

David Keith Arcaro
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. Understood. And I was just curious if you could touch on -- you know, on the gas utility side of the
business, your thoughts in the long term, maybe vision for that business and how you're thinking about it
in the context of -- on your side, taking an ESG step in the sale of some of the merchant assets? And then
also in the context of the state moving aggressively over time to reduce its gas consumption.

Ralph Izzo
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. So this is one -- we get this question quite a bit. I got to tell you, I respect everybody's right to ask
the question, but of the 10 things that are keeping me awake at tonight, this one is like number 100. We
-- the state -- under one of the greenest governors in the nation is asking us to spend more money on the
gas distribution system, largely to eliminate the methane leakage that results from an aged system. And
as you know, if you look at the 100-year effect of methane versus carbon dioxide, it's about 28x bigger,
that thing being 28x bigger than carbon dioxide.

So there is definitely a commitment towards preserving the existing infrastructure as it relates to natural
gas. Also, I would point out that over 90% of the homes in New Jersey cook and heat their homes with
natural gas. And for them to change that, it would cost on average $10,000, and that's for a bunch of
homes that not that long ago moved from oil because of energy security concerns and pollution concerns.
So that's not exactly something that anyone is going to tackle in the near term.

But I'm a firm believer, as someone who is adamant that we need to be far more aggressive on climate
change as a nation, that the consumer dividend associated with relatively clean fuel, like natural gas,
really does motivate the nation to do something about carbon capture and storage. But to walk away from
this resource, which doesn't have any SO2, doesn't have any mercury, doesn't have any fine particulates
and has its NOx and its own related impacts relatively well controlled, just begs for a carbon capture and
storage solution.

So I don't think you're going to see a lot of new pipeline construction. I don't think you're going to see a
lot of new gas plants built, but I do think you're going to see people heating their homes and cooking their
food with natural gas for many, many years to come.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30,
2020

And then last but not least, if you think about the fact that when we -- that we still have largely a 75%
fossil fuel-driven electric system in the nation, and New Jersey's part of PJM with a large fossil fuel
component, the thought of taking that fossil fuel, wasting 2/3 of its energy content, converting the other
1/3 into electricity, and then using that 1/3 to then heat a home or to cook, is just a really bad use of the
environmental dollar. That 2/3 that is wasted is referred to as waste heat. And if you didn't waste it by
converting into electricity and you simply converted it directly into hot water in the home or hot air in the
home, you'd capture a lot more of the energy content.

So it's just that nonsensical thing to do, certainly in the near term, and I suspect over the long term too,
as we do a better job of developing carbon capture in storage.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Two questions, one is New Jersey specific, I'm trying to think about what has to happen to have a more
significant expansion of batteries or storage in New Jersey. Is it a price point question, meaning a cost
question, is it kind of a market design or a regulatory design in construct question? Would love your
thoughts, Ralph.

Ralph Izzo
Chairman, President & CEO

I just think it's a question of how much is on the plate right now, Mike. I mean the state has in its Clean
Energy Act passed in May of '18, signed into law in May of '18, a 600-megawatt goal for battery storage
next year, I think it's by the end of the year. And of course, we're nowhere near that.

But when you're spending $98.10 for offshore wind, when you're sold a renewable energy credit at $220
and your transition program for solar renewable energy is that, I think, $150 per megawatt hour or $175
per megawatt hour, there's just so much you're willing to put on the customer's plate, right? So battery
storage has gotten the sort of lower priority. I don't think the state has abandoned it, but the state has
so much more work to do with some of the kind of core things that you would think we would be further
along in.

And I've mentioned one of them before, AMI is something that is just screaming to be implemented, not
only because of the operational benefits it provides, but because of the consumer benefits it provides,
in terms of helping the customer understand where they are in their bills during a month as opposed to
waiting to the end of the month, what it might mean for us in terms of more granular data and being able
to do energy efficiency in ways we never did before. So I just think the battery storage is falling victim to
some other priorities.

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got it. And then one other, Ralph. With the election next week, obviously, one of the candidates has been
very open about talking about higher corporate income tax rates. How do you think about what that
means, not just for PSEG, especially as you become less focused on the nonregulated business, but also
what it means for the customer and the customer bill and the pace of change in that bill?

Ralph Izzo
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, as you know, the regulated business, historically, has been able to pass through taxes, and higher
taxes will result in a greater bill impact to be sure. But I think that that's -- we're getting kind of far ahead
of ourselves in that regard, and I don't want to -- I certainly don't want to be one to predict what might or
might not happen on Tuesday.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30,
2020

So Dan, I don't know if you have any comments on that, but I'm getting all sorts of hand signals from our
folks here that we've gone past our allotted time, and folks may have other commitments that they need
to do at 12. So Dan, do you just want go ahead?

Daniel J. Cregg
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Mike, I would just say, look, the first thing that needs to happen is it needs to get enacted, and
so it will take some time for that to happen. And then when it does, as Ralph says, yes, the kind of the
statutory rate will pass through on a normal basis. But you'll also have right now, what you're seeing is
the flowback of excess deferreds go back, and there's some restrictions on what can happen for certain of
those excess deferred taxes and there's flexibility on others of those deferred taxes. So that's, I think, the
other part of it.

The other thing I would say is that, it's very simple to think about a change in tax regime as being the
corporate tax rate changes by X percent. Underlying that, there's usually a whole host of other changes,
and those things can have pretty considerable impacts from a cash perspective, positive or negative,
both to the company and to the customer. So the devil is in the details, and there's usually a lot of details
beyond just that headline rate that can have impacts up and down to both sides of the equation.

Ralph Izzo
Chairman, President & CEO

I think we are going to close right now, and I would be remiss if I didn't simply say thank you to all of you
for joining us. And extending my sincere hope that all of you are safe and your families and friends are
safe and healthy and free of this dreaded virus and it impacts.

And also to say to each of you that know of someone or have any kind of relationship with someone who's
on the frontline as a health care provider, assisting with this clear second wave and spike in this virus, to
extend our thanks as a company to those individuals who are doing that, whether that's in our operating
region or elsewhere. And I know that we thank our employees every day for providing the services that
enable those frontline workers to do their job.

I suspect we'll see many of you in a couple of weeks at EEI virtually. Be safe on Halloween, protect your
kids, wear your mask, wash your hands, keep safe distance. And thanks again. See you soon, folks.

Daniel J. Cregg
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, everybody.

Carlotta N. Chan
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You
may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30,
2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

