PepsiCo, Inc. NasdaqGS:PEP
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Monday, July 13, 2020 12:15 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.25

1.32

Revenue  (mm)

15472.04

15945.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-13-2020 12:53 PM GMT

5.60

3.06

1.47

5.34

5.90

17044.15

64771.00

70589.99

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.51

1.45

1.03

1.25

1.56

1.45

1.07

1.32

3.31 %

0.00 %

3.88 %

5.60 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

5

2

 
PEPSICO, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 13, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Hugh F. Johnston
Vice Chairman, Executive VP &
CFO

Ramon Luis Laguarta
Chairman & CEO

Ravi Pamnani
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Bonnie Lee Herzog
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Laurent Daniel Grandet
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Robert Edward Ottenstein
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Sean Roberts King
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Vivien Nicole Azer
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

PEPSICO, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 13, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to PepsiCo's Second Quarter Earnings Question-and-Answer Session.
[Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded and be archived at www.pepsico.com.

It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Ravi Pamnani, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr.
Pamnani, you may begin.

Ravi Pamnani
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, operator. I hope everyone has had the chance this morning to review our press release and
prepared comments, both of which are available on our website.

Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. We may make forward-looking statements
on today's call, including about our business plans and the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on
our business. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties and only reflect our
view as of today, and we are under no obligation to update.

When discussing our results, we may refer to non-GAAP measures which exclude certain items from
reported results. Please refer to today's earnings release and 10-Q available on pepsico.com for definitions
and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures and additional information regarding our results, including a
discussion of factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from forward-looking statements.

Joining me today are PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO, Ramon Laguarta; and PepsiCo's Vice Chairman and
CFO, Hugh Johnston. [Operator Instructions]
And with that, I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

PEPSICO, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 13, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley.

Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

First of all, the format's very helpful, so kudos to your IR team for sort of pioneering this new format on
the Street.

Yes. I was hoping for a bit more color on some of the more volatile areas of your business. You obviously
mentioned improvements sequentially within the quarter and guided to the organic sales growth
acceleration globally in Q3. So A, can you just give us a better sense of what specifically is driving that?
And then B, I was hoping you could spend some time within that just discussing what you're seeing
channel-wise in the U.S. beverage business and what you're seeing across snacks and beverages in
some of your key emerging markets. Are you expecting pretty linear progress sequentially going forward
in terms of improving sales growth and more volatility, particularly with some of the state restrictions
cropping back up in the U.S.? And just given the developing market, country performance is pretty
divergent in Q2.

Ramon Luis Laguarta
Chairman & CEO

Okay. Dara, I hope you're doing well. Listen, let me try, and then Hugh will add some comments as well.

Listen, we're -- as we look around the world, we see a couple of factors that are driving our business.
#1, as you can imagine, is overall mobility in the country, and that is by far the #1 factor. And we're
monitoring mobility through various means just to understand potential future performance of the
business. That's #1.

#2, and that impacts mostly developing market, is the universe of stores that are opened. What we're
seeing in developing markets is that when situation -- when the infection goes up in the country, there's
about 10% to 15% of the stores that close and sometimes even higher, and that drives a lot of the
performance. So that's #2.

#3, obviously, is where do people eat most of their meals? And that's related to whether people are
working from home or they're not working from home. And so that's a third factor that is impacting most
of the food consumption. So that could be mobility, but then people still have their meals at home.

And so those 3 are the key factors. Obviously, there's a fourth factor I think will be more important going
forward, which is disposable income in the economy. And that's related to unemployment and that's
related to how much money the governments are putting back into the economy. And that is -- it hasn't
impacted the U.S. yet. It is impacting some of the other countries around the world as the governments
don't have the muscle to put so much money back into the economy.

So those 4 are probably the most critical kind of factors that impact the business, and that's what we're
modeling for various scenarios as we go forward. So that's kind of from a very macro point of view.

Obviously, I said in the last conf call that we had in April that this was not going to be a linear recovery,
right? There's going to be a lot of ups and downs. And we're seeing this happening as we speak, right, in
the business. You see countries that we thought the pandemic was behind, especially in the Far East, that
the pandemic is going back. In very local situations, but still impacting both the actual supply chain and
also consumer perception, right?

We're seeing this here in the U.S., obviously, as we're all familiar with it. So first it was the Northeast,
now it's other parts of the country that are being severely impacted by the infection, and that obviously

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

PEPSICO, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 13, 2020

impacts our organization because we operate within a community, right? And obviously, the number of
impacted associates in our business is a consequence of the community infection. So that puts a lot of
pressure on our supply chain as well.

So hopefully, that gives you a sense of the different variables. And the fact that this is going to be a roller
coaster, if you want, going forward, I think we're getting much better at managing our supply chain within
this complexity. We're hiring more people. We're training more people. We're making sure that we can
maintain the supply chain in any circumstance. But still, it's pretty complex, as you can imagine.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I hope everybody is doing well. So my question is just related to the COVID-related expenses in the
quarter. And you were at $378 million for the quarter. And I think if I've got it right in the 10-Q, about
$224 million of that was employee compensation expense. So I guess as we're trying to frame the size of
the expense in the back half of the year, is $378 million a good run rate?

And as we're looking at the components of this expense, maybe if you could help us just walk through
what we should be looking at as recurring for the next 3 or 4 quarters and what might fall off.

Ramon Luis Laguarta
Chairman & CEO

Hugh, you want to try out this one?

Hugh F. Johnston
Vice Chairman, Executive VP & CFO

Yes, happy to. Hey, Bryan. No. Bryan, that's not a good run rate going forward. The number going forward
will be less than that. And it will still be substantial, but nowhere near that number.

If you break it into pieces, things like personal protective equipment, that's obviously going to continue.
Things like sanitation, that's going to continue. The allowance for doubtful accounts on customers,
obviously, is going to be variable depending on what we learn over time and how the customer base
responds to the current environment. Frontline and employee costs will still be there, but that number
should be moderated pretty significantly going forward.

So we're not kind of getting into piecemeal guidance, but that should give you a little bit of a sense as
to the types of things that are going to be ongoing and the types of things that ought to diminish pretty
significantly.

Ramon Luis Laguarta
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Bryan, the most important component, as you can imagine, or factor that impacts this is the number
of infected employees that we have, right? And therefore, the guarantee number. I mean the biggest
factor is when you have an employee that is -- that's got the virus or supposed to have the virus, then we
quarantine a lot of people. That's the #1 driver of cost. And obviously, that will depend on the evolution
of the pandemic in different parts of the world. So right now, Hugh, I think mentioned the different
components and how we're thinking about it. But obviously, if the pandemic goes up massively, then that
cost will go up.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan.

Andrea Faria Teixeira

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

PEPSICO, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 13, 2020

JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I hope you're doing well. And I understand that this is not a straight line. And you comment that,
obviously, the emerging markets is the main question mark. But could you help us understand how you
left the second quarter in terms of cadence on the on-premises and convenience and gas? And so I'm
trying -- just trying to bridge the low single digits in the 3 quarters that you guided for.

Ramon Luis Laguarta
Chairman & CEO

Andrea, yes. Listen, just to give you a sense of how the different components I was referring to earlier
impact the different channels. Obviously, mobility has a very direct correlation with small store sales,
right? And in the U.S., it's convenience stores; around the world, it's other channels that play that same
role. But we see a big correlation between mobility and convenience store or on-premise -- sorry, small
channel performance. Obviously, as we went through the quarter, April was very low consumption in that
channel. Second half of May, June was an improvement, substantial improvement in that channel.

The away-from-home channel is much more complex, right? There's a lot of different need states that
consumers are going after there. And so there, we saw also an improvement overall throughout the
quarter, but still substantially below last year. I mean like a big number below last year. And also different
components of the channel with different levels of performance. So you see channels like transportation
still very low, hospitality is still very low, universities closed. You saw restaurants coming back, especially
more informal type of restaurants coming back, and more formal restaurants less so. So you see different
performances, Andrea, across the different channels.

In terms of geography, China came back pretty quickly, I would say, almost in growth in the last part
of the quarter. You saw Europe slower, the comeback of the -- both the kind of the small store channel
and the away-from-home channel in Europe was a bit slower. We're seeing it better lately as people are
starting to move around Europe and going on vacation to some areas in the South of Europe. So let's see
how it evolves now. Obviously, there's less people moving around Europe compared to other years, but it's
improved.

In the U.S., we saw an improvement, as I said, in the -- in May, June, in especially everything that had
to do with smaller channels. Now let's see how this latest news in the evolution of the pandemic in the
South and the West of the country impacts those channels and the decisions that regulators take in terms
of protecting the overall community, right?

So that probably gives you a sense of how this is impacting. As we see the pandemic evolving now into
Africa, South America, parts of the Middle East, India, we're seeing, obviously, an impact in the traffic in
stores, and that drives the business. Now so it's still very fluid. Overall, it's an improvement versus the
April time frame, for sure, and that's why we're guiding to a small growth in the Q3.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Grundy of Jefferies.

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

I hope that you're doing well. Ramon, I had a strategy-related question for you specifically around market
share. Because it certainly seems to be an area of greater emphasis under your leadership, and if I'm not
mistaken, also taking on a more prominent role in management incentive structure as well. So with that
as context, is that a fair characterization? Number one.

If so, how do you drive that behavior? How do you intend to prioritize innovation and premiumization
and mix to support market share initiatives? And how do you balance that with the potential risk that this
push on market share does not devolve into more promotional pricing? Like particularly North America
carbonated soft drinks, where the industry's gotten away from that behavior now for a number of years.

Ramon Luis Laguarta

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

PEPSICO, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 13, 2020

Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Kevin, and that's a good -- it's a very good question. Yes. Listen, the share of market is being
central to our strategy, and it will continue so, right? It has been, during the pandemic, one of the key
principles that we have set for ourselves that we're going to try to improve market share.

Obviously, we are trying to develop our market share position in a sustainable way. So it's more related to
the strength of our supply chain, the strength of our go-to-market execution, our ability to innovate faster
into spaces that we see consumer value, our customer relationships. Those elements that we think are
sustainable, the part of our brands, obviously. And you saw us making a lot of investments in '19, both in
capacity and infrastructure, in stronger brands. We innovated into new spaces. That's helping us. That's
helping us navigate better the current situation, and we'll continue to do so.

There are some spaces in the market that are -- I think will determine the share of market of the future.
For example, I think e-commerce, if you see the growth of e-commerce, it is going to be quite strategic,
I think. Whoever wins in e-commerce now and is able to capture those families that are trying this e-
grocery service for the first time, I think, is going to win those families in the future. So we're investing
heavily in trying to be the first in that channel and trying to -- and again, the investments that we made
in the last few years, last year in particular, are helping us both from the data availability, the agility of our
infrastructure to supply those channels, et cetera. So e-commerce is a key area where we think we can
gain market share.

Second is the strength of our DSD system and our ability to service the stores directly, I think is a
capability that is quite unique. And it gives us the advantage to keep the supply chain going in spite of all
the challenges we're all facing. So that's also an area where we plan to double down. That improves our
execution in store and the inventory in store. And that is also a sustainable advantage.

The third one is brands. And we have -- we're seeing consumers going back to brands that they trust. And
we have quite a lot in many markets that consumers trust. There's big brands that have been around for
some time. We've modernized them. We've kept them relevant to the consumer.

And then we're seeing spaces, like healthier parts of the consumer demand, where we have a lot of
beautiful brands as well. And we're investing in those brands, either the Zero propositions in beverages,
both Pepsi, Mountain Dew, Gatorade, we're investing a lot in those parts of the portfolio, and they keep
growing. And also in snacks with brands like Off the Eaten Path or Smartfood or the all the Simply range
or PopCorners or whatever. So there's a lot of spaces where we think that if we invest in those spaces,
we're going to capture market share for the future.

The other one we're investing very substantial amounts, and it's working very well for us is SodaStream,
right? SodaStream is a beautiful business for this situation we're living today. So we -- consumers don't
have to leave their houses. They have perfect choices. We're putting our Pepsi brands in the SodaStream
model in Europe, and it's working very well. We're investing in those.

So it's sustainable, long-term market share across multiple parts of the value chain that I think is going to
give us a stronger -- is going to make us a stronger company going forward. So that's how we're thinking
about share of market and sustainable share of market.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Bonnie Herzog of Goldman Sachs.

Bonnie Lee Herzog
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I had a question on your price/mix of 1.5% in the quarter, which was better than expected, especially for
PBNA, where your price/mix was up 3%. So hoping you could drill down on some of the key drivers of this.
I guess I'm trying to understand the strength in your price/mix given the negative channel mix shift and
then I assume negative packaging mix. So is the strong price/mix in PBNA a function of lower promos in

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

PEPSICO, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 13, 2020

the quarter? And then really, how sustainable is this positive price/mix going forward, especially in this
environment?

Ramon Luis Laguarta
Chairman & CEO

Hugh, you want a go at this?

Hugh F. Johnston
Vice Chairman, Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Happy to, Ramon. Yes, price/mix at 1.5% for the company. Obviously, that's a complicated number
because it's global and sort of incorporates almost everything.

Going a little bit deeper on PBNA. I think the primary factors were around less promotional depth than
what we had seen in the past. So I think frequency is pretty similar, but the depth wasn't quite there.
Obviously, supply can -- supply chains were a bit constrained in that regard, so it didn't make sense to go
as deep. So I think that's the biggest factor.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Vivien Azer of Cowen.

Vivien Nicole Azer
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Ramon, I appreciate your commentary around investing behind emerging brands and relevant brands like
SodaStream. Just hoping for either you or Hugh to comment on the reduction in nonessential advertising
and really just reconciling that. It seems like perhaps the COVID recovery is taking longer than perhaps
we would have anticipated when you reported earnings a quarter ago. So just curious to hear how you're
thinking about that line item.

Ramon Luis Laguarta
Chairman & CEO

Advertising is a key component of our strategy and -- Vivien, and it will continue. We're still think that it's
critical that we continue to use that lever to drive penetration of the brands and trial and just the image of
the brands. So that is -- hasn't changed at all.

There has been a bit of an adjustment, especially in some markets early on in the quarter, because the
truth is that the consumer habits changed a lot and we modified some of the A&M decisions. We also have
become a bit more selective about the type of A&M that we're doing. And some of the activities that had
lower ROI, we're stopping them, and we're putting more money against the initiatives that had more
return on investment.

So I think we are -- we become better. And sometimes, a crisis helps to be more selective and to be more
impactful and to kind of generate internal momentum against simplification and against focus, against
fewer and bigger. And that's what we're trying to do. It's -- as you see from our results, it is working quite
well.

Obviously, balance of the year, we continue to invest as we see the consumers moving around and
demand for our products starting to be a bit higher. Yes, we'll keep investing. And again, not trying to lose
that focus on fewer and bigger and trying to minimize the lower-ROI initiatives that sometimes we have in
what is a very large business. So that's how we're thinking about A&M.

Hugh, I don't know if there's anything else from your side.

Hugh F. Johnston
Vice Chairman, Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

PEPSICO, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 13, 2020

Yes. The one thing I wanted to add as well, Ramon, is, Vivien, as we've talked about being stronger, part
of that has been building some more capability to do A&M in-house. It's got a couple of benefits. One, it
improves our speed; and number two, it has proven to be more efficient over time. So we can actually get
same or more value for less money, which is obviously a terrific outcome for the company.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Great. I felt like in the prepared remarks, that the tone around kind of cost control and reinvestment was
maybe a little bit different than it was 3 months ago. I'd describe it maybe as a little bit more measured.
Where last quarter, you were talking about staying on the attack. Of course, still a strong criteria for ROI.
And this quarter, we're talking about 0-based mindset, earning your budget.

So I guess by no stretch do I think that you didn't anticipate that the environment was going to be rough.
I think that was very clear 3 months ago, and it's remained as such. But what is it that's really changing
your thinking in your approach then versus now?

Yes. I just -- it did feel a bit different. Still very proactive, but sort of from a different stance.

Ramon Luis Laguarta
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Good, Lauren. The idea -- the concept of holistic cost management that we've put early on, I
mean, it was early last year as one of the principles of how we would get stronger, it's a capability we've
been, I would say, investing and focusing everybody around the company in this concept of holistic cost
management. Which basically, it is the concept that you're referring to, which is you earn your budget
every year. And we're trying to be much more granular around composition of the budget and what really
is required now going forward versus what it was required, let's say, last year or 2 years ago. And going
through that process of rethinking the budget every year and reallocating costs against what's going to
give us the best return in the year and going forward.

So that capability is there. We're emphasizing it more because, obviously, what we're seeing is that there
is a -- it's a challenging time. We're having to put $500 million of cost in COVID-related expenses. We will
have to put some more going forward. So we have to find ways to fund that, and we have to find ways to
continue to invest in our brands and our commercial activities to keep growing and gaining market share.
So we have to be super selective on where do we put the money in every single line of the P&L.

So we're emphasizing that from the position that every cent has to work for the growth drivers of the
company. So that is the principle that we're -- that is being adopted across the organization in every single
market.

On the other side, we're seeing that, potentially, as unemployment goes up in several parts of the world, I
think companies will have to be much more cautious about, obviously, the resources that we use and how
do we use those resources. So I think this capability is going to come very helpful for us. And that's what
we're talking about it in the sense of let's be very diligent in how we look at every single line of our budget
and how would we reallocate those monies into the highest return on investment growth drivers.

And with that, I think we'll be successful in gaining share of market and driving growth and hopefully
flowing that growth back into profits for the sustainability of the company.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Laurent Grandet of Guggenheim.

Laurent Daniel Grandet
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

PEPSICO, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 13, 2020

And first, congratulation on the different, very specific initiatives you are taking to address Black Live
Matters.

Like to focus my question on the energy category. In the -- in your prior remarks, you mentioned the
Bang business was already almost fully transferred into your system. That was much quicker than most
expected, so that's great. Could you please tell us what was the retailers' reaction to the push you are
making in the energy category and what they expect from PepsiCo?

And also regarding ROCKSTAR specifically. How long do you think it would take to reenergize the brand?

Ramon Luis Laguarta
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Laurent, yes, good question. Listen, yes, we're almost completed with the integration of the Bang
brand into our selling systems. It's been a complex process because Bang had between 250, 300
distributors across the country. So as you can imagine, the details of that transition has been quite
exhausting for Kirk and the beverage team, but they've done a great job of integrating that brand. And
also the same with integrating ROCKSTAR in parts of the country that we didn't distribute the brand in the
past. So that is -- I would say by the end of July, that will be almost complete and then we're ready to go.

From the customer relationship point of view, I think the customers see us as a very good partner that can
bring insight, that can bring activation to the brands, that can bring better store execution, a lot of drivers
that we know we can deliver and will drive growth for the category. So I would say the reception from our
retail partners has been very positive. And early signals of it is that they're -- we're getting support and
that we're executing with good quality.

And it's -- the fact that we have now a full portfolio that has Bang, ROCKSTAR and some of the Mountain
Dew brands as an energy offer, it is a positive development for us versus having smaller brands. So we're
seeing positive signals. And as we said last call in April, this is very strategic for us. We continue to focus
on the 3 components of the strategy, driving, revitalizing ROCKSTAR.

And you will see some news coming out of ROCKSTAR soon, both on the advertising front and the
packaging front, reformulation; integrating Bang into our business. And there's distribution opportunities
and velocity opportunities in some parts of the country. And then moving Dew with more intentionality into
spaces of energy that are not well covered, we think, today and that we can do a better job. Obviously,
we continue to be very focused on Starbucks. Starbucks is a critical part of our energy strategy, and Triple
Shot, Double Shot are -- is booming, and even more now with people at home.

So we're seeing all those components working for us in the future. We're very optimistic about this part
of the business. And certainly, there's a lot of energy in our teams to get it done. And the team is doing a
fantastic job, by the way.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Rob Ottenstein of Evercore.

Robert Edward Ottenstein
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Great. So wondering if you could talk a little bit about how your dialogue with retailers has evolved from
March through June, July, how that's changed. Maybe also touch on the various things that you are doing
to help retailers get through this.

And where things are in terms of shelf sets. A lot of the -- or most of the spring resets never really
happened. When do you expect that to happen? And how you look positioned for those?

Ramon Luis Laguarta
Chairman & CEO

Great. Good question, Robert. Listen, in our principles, and as we started the pandemic, taking care of our
associates was priority #1 and taking care of our customers was priority #2, similar to #1. So I think that
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

PEPSICO, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 13, 2020

was the focus of the company, trying to even elevate even more the partnership with our -- with all our
customers across any country around the world. And so that is a focus of the teams. I think we've been
agile. We've been closer to our partners. We've been transparent with our supply chain challenges in some
cases.

But I would say, in general, we're getting very positive comments from our partners on how we are talking
to them, helping them to stay in stock and on time, driving business for both and evolving for the future of
demand, especially around the space of e-commerce that I mentioned earlier, that is clearly growing at a
very fast pace, faster than we had all forecasted about 0.5 year ago. So that's the dynamic.

We've made some choices in our supply chain to -- we've reduced some of the tail of our portfolio. We've
discussed that with our partners, retail partners. And we both agreed that it's probably the best thing to
do, to eliminate the less -- let's say, the smaller SKUs in the portfolio to maximize the best-selling SKUs
and be in stock. As I said earlier, our DSD system, I think, is a fundamental advantage in the way we're
able to service our customers. And I think they appreciate that, that we've made the effort, adjusting
delivery schedules and increasing delivery schedules to make sure that we keep our brands in stock and
we help, obviously, our partners.

So that is the level of the commitment we have with our partners. And I think the dialogue is in a very
good space. And I think this situation will give us a strategic relationship with our partners that I think we
had in the past, but it's probably at a higher level today.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank.

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Yes. Great. So I know you sped up your R&D processes considerably over the course of time. But as we
think about today's consumer behavior relative to just a few months ago and the difficulty of predicting
where we'll be in the quarters ahead, how is that impacting how your teams are thinking about new plans
and product introductions, even looking out to 2021? Because I think those plans might differ in a world
where we're at home versus in a world where we're on the move.

And I guess is there a way to think about that? Or is it that your cycle times on new products at this point
are such that you feel like you can keep pace with the change that we're all going through right now?

Ramon Luis Laguarta
Chairman & CEO

Listen, I think we have improved a lot, as you mentioned. We segmented our innovation processes in
different quick-cycle innovations, more lift and shift, more strategic innovation that takes longer. So
we have a good segmentation of processes across the company and ways of investing and dealing with
innovation through different stage, case, approvals and everything related to the size and the velocity that
we want from each type of innovation.

The truth is that we're never satisfied enough, right? I mean so the sense of urgency in anything we do
is going up. And I think we have improving innovation and we want to improve even more. So from that
point of view, we'll continue to make the adjustments to some of the process required.

In terms of what you're saying, are consumers changing meaningfully some of their needs, and are
we adopting quickly enough? I would say there are a few spaces where we're trying to move quickly,
immunity being one, and we're seeing that consumers are looking for immunity more. Our juice business
is booming, and we think that we can come up with other beverages and even snacks that go against that
need.

Our snacks business are being part of meals. We're seeing that, more and more, consumers are cooking
more at home. And that means that, obviously, brands like Quaker or some of our Quaker portfolio is
being incorporated into meals. But also some of our snacks, like Tostitos, obviously Sabra, and some other

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

PEPSICO, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 13, 2020

brands are being used for meals, right? A Lay's or Ruffles. We're going to obviously move our advertising
and our consumer support in terms of giving them recipes and helping them with solutions that kind of go
incentivize that habit. So there's a marketing element to this. There's also an innovation element to this in
terms of packaging or other solutions that we can help consumers move into that space.

So yes, we're moving quickly. We're never satisfied with our speed of our capabilities. And if you hear the
conversations with our internal teams, speed is a key word and we're trying to get better at that. We're
trying to be the -- as close as we can to a startup with the scale of a large company. So that is one of our
aspirations. And I think it's going to be a long journey of improvement, but we're in the right direction.

Operator

Your final question comes from the line of Sean King of UBS.

Sean Roberts King
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Hugh, you mentioned $3 billion in the full year e-com or roughly 5% of sales. I guess that doubled in
North America in the quarter. How much of that is transitory due to the stay-at-home dynamics? Or can
some of that continue?

Hugh F. Johnston
Vice Chairman, Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Sean, happy to get in on that one. A couple of things. One, just to be clear, that $3 billion number is a
retail sales number. It's not a net revenue number for PepsiCo, so you've got to discount it for that.

Number two, that is the great question. Not clear at this point. I think a lot of that will be dependent
on how much consumers or shoppers find that the experience is very good for them. Out-of-stocks,
obviously, is always going to be a big question for them because if you get a lot of out-of-stocks, you have
to go to the store anyway, which sort of defeats the purpose.

And then the other one is, to the degree that they're paying any kind of an up-charge, is, is it worth the
money? So don't have a real good projection on that right now. We're prepared for it to stay large, and we
can manage that well if it need be the case, both from an execution perspective as well as from a financial
perspective. But not clear at this point.

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call
back over to Ramon Laguarta for any closing remarks.

Ramon Luis Laguarta
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. It's great to hear from everybody, and for the confidence
you've placed in us with your investments. We hope you all stay safe and healthy. And we look forward to
updating you as the year progresses. Thank you again, and have a great day.

Operator
Thank you for participating in PepsiCo's Second Quarter Earnings Question-and-Answer Session. You may
now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

PEPSICO, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 13, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

