PulteGroup, Inc. NYSE:PHM
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, July 23, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.87

1.15

Revenue  (mm)

2528.08

2593.78

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-23-2020 12:10 PM GMT

32.18

2.60

0.83

3.46

3.55

2390.45

9821.98

10159.46

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.92

1.10

0.70

0.87

1.01

1.14

0.81

1.15

9.78 %

3.64 %

15.71 %

32.18 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

James P. Zeumer
Vice President of Investor
Relations & Corporate
Communications

Robert T. O’Shaughnessy
Executive VP & CFO

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Alan S. Ratner
Zelman & Associates LLC

Christopher Frank Kalata
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Jay McCanless
Wedbush Securities Inc., Research
Division

John Lovallo
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Kenneth Robinson Zener
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Michael Jason Rehaut
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Stephen Kim
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Susan Marie Maklari
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Truman Andrew Patterson
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Q2 2020 PulteGroup, Inc. Earnings
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jim Zeumer. Please go ahead.

James P. Zeumer
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

Great. Thank you, Sharon, and good morning. I want to welcome you to PulteGroup's second quarter
earnings call. We hope that you have been able to remain healthy and safe throughout these challenging
times.

As with our Q1 call, we will provide an update on the pandemic impact on our operations, along with a
detailed review of our second quarter financial results. Participating along with me on today's call are Ryan
Marshall, President and CEO; Bob O’Shaughnessy, Executive Vice President and CFO; Jim Ossowski, Senior
Vice President of Finance; Jim and Bob are dialing in from outside. A copy of this morning's earnings
release and the presentation slides that accompanies today's call have been posted to our corporate
website at pultegroup.com. We will also post an audio replay of the call later today.

I want to highlight that we will be discussing our reported results as well as our results adjusted to
exclude the impact of insurance and severance adjustments recorded in the period. A reconciliation of our
adjusted results to reported results is included in this morning's release and within our webcast slides.
We encourage you to review these tables to assist in your analysis of our results. Also, I want to alert
everyone that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements about the company's expected
future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those suggested by our comments made
today. The most significant risk factors that could affect future results are summarized as part of today's
earnings release and within the accompanying presentation slides. These risk factors and other key
information are detailed in our SEC filings, including our annual and quarterly reports.

Now let me turn the call over to Ryan. Ryan?

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Jim, and good morning. I am very pleased to report that the recovery in new home demand
that we experienced over the course of the second quarter was nothing short of outstanding. Our second
quarter results show a remarkable rebound in demand as April net new orders fell 53% from last year,
only to see year-over-year orders increase 50% for the month of June. Led by strong demand among first-
time buyers, we saw meaningful improvement across all buyer groups and geographies as the quarter
advanced. This improvement culminated in June orders increasing 77% for first-time, 48% for move up
and 21% for active adult over June of last year.

The rebound in demand during the quarter resulted in our aggregate second quarter orders declining only
4% from last year. We are very encouraged by the fact that the momentum of this dramatic recovery
continues as demand has remained strong through the first few weeks of July. Improving industry
dynamics in combination with disciplined business practices allowed us to drive meaningful gains in our
operating results and financial position. These gains include revenue growth, margin expansion and
improved overhead leverage, which when coupled with our prudent financial planning and strong cash
generation leave us in a position of strength as we work through the balance of the year.

For all the positive dynamics we are experiencing in our business, it's clear that COVID-19 continues to
exact a severe toll on the economy and more importantly, the people of our country. It goes beyond any
business implications, but simply as human beings, one cannot look at the ongoing health impacts and
loss of life and see it as anything but a tragic situation. With this as a backdrop, it is our heartfelt hope

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

that everyone on this call, your families as well as our employees, trade partners and the communities
we serve, remain healthy and safe. From our health officials to our frontline workers to pharmaceutical
companies, the efforts to battle this virus have been heroic.

Before we get into discussing our second quarter financial results, let me provide a brief update on the
impacts of the pandemic and insights on how we are running the business currently. At the outset of the
pandemic, we closed our sales centers and model homes and quickly pivoted to working remotely and
selling virtually. I am pleased to say that we began reopening our sales centers and models in early May,
and we are now fully open and staffed to work with our walk-in and by-appointment customers. As you
would expect, our salespeople are using appropriate PPE, are adhering to social distancing practices, and
are following enhanced cleaning and disinfecting processes to help protect the health of our employees
and customers.

While our sales centers are open, we are interacting with customers on their preferred terms. Because
not everyone is comfortable with in-person meetings, we continue to take full advantage of available
technology and tools that have successfully supported our efforts to sell homes virtually. Except for
a handful of markets, homebuilding was deemed an essential service from the start of COVID-19, so
disruptions to our construction operations were minor, even during the early stages of the pandemic. At
present, our operations are fully functional in all markets across the country. Again, in partnership with our
trades, we are using appropriate PPE and are adhering to social distancing practices to protect workers on
the job site and in the homes.

And finally, our financial services group truly did an outstanding job adjusting their business model to work
remotely and handle every aspect of the mortgage and closing processes virtually. At present, personnel
are still working off-site, but as demonstrated by the strong second quarter financial results and high
capture rate, the team continues to perform at a very high level. Thanks to the tremendous effort of
our purchasing team, working in conjunction with our suppliers, our supply chain has held up well with
minimal disruptions to our homebuilding operations. Working closely with sales and construction, our
purchasing group has been able to navigate around potential shortages, and ensure ongoing availability of
key building products.

Given the rebound in housing, we have been increasing our land acquisition and development spend. This
primarily relates to land deals where we negotiated purchase delays of anywhere from 30 to 90 days. We
are now completing most of these transactions when the new closing date arrives.

Unfortunately, it's clear that COVID-19 is not going away anytime soon, so we remain disciplined and
thoughtful in our land investments. This includes increasing our use of options, which now account for
46% of the lots that we control. On the people side, I am very pleased to say that improved market
dynamics have allowed us to bring back the majority of the employees that we furloughed during the
quarter. We have also had the opportunity to rehire a small number of the people we released in May,
which is a good feeling. I would note that most of the individuals returning to our organization are in the
field construction roles.

Obviously, the demand for new homes has experienced a dramatic rebound over the past 8 to 10 weeks,
following the initial shock from COVID-19. While housing demand certainly continues to benefit from
historically low interest rates, analyzing the drivers of demand suggest there are likely additional factors at
work as well. First, looking at the number of Internet searches related to home buying, the data indicate
that there has been an increase in consumer interest in homes, particularly new homes. Utilizing available
Google trends data, we can view patterns for specific search terms commonly associated with buying a
new home. Despite the overlay of COVID-19, searches for new home related terms has been growing
since mid-March. In fact, we have routinely seen multiyear highs in the number of searches related to
shopping for a new home. I would note that we have seen a similar pattern in terms of Google searches
for Del Webb, which are up dramatically in May and June. In fact, unique visitors to our Del Webb site are
now approaching 70,000 per week and are trending higher than they were at this time last year.

Second, while we can debate the magnitude, ZIP code level analysis on buying patterns points to a
movement of renters and homeowners from urban centers into the surrounding suburbs. Based on an
internal survey, roughly half of our division presidents report that their business has experienced a modest

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

increase in demand from urban buyers while several of our divisions referenced a material increase in such
demand. And finally, we see the third and possibly largest driver of demand for new homes being the very
limited supply of existing housing stock available today. At the end of May, the total housing inventory was
1.55 million units, which was down 19% from the prior year. I'm sure we can all appreciate that it's hard
to be comfortable opening your home to strangers during a global pandemic. The strong demand has also
helped to absorb some of the spec inventory which had built up in the system in March and April. Data
show that in markets where we operate, the number of quick moving homes available for sale fell by 16%
from the end of March through the end of June.

A lot has been made about the advantage of having spec units available but the drawdown in supply
and a build cycle of less than 80 days for our first-time buyer product allows our build-to-order model
to compete very effectively and with less risk. The combination of strong demand and limited inventory
has also allowed us to raise prices across many of our communities. In fact, more than half our divisions
report raising prices in 50% or more of their communities. The typical price increase is in the range of 1%
to 3% and includes changes in base price and/or reductions in incentives. The positive change in market
dynamics from April to the end of June has been dramatic and gives us greater confidence about the
business moving forward. As such, we are reestablishing guidance for the remainder of 2020, which Bob
will provide as part of his review of our second quarter results.

In this regard, I want to say that the volatility caused by the pandemic is unlike anything this industry
has experienced even during the worst of the Great recession. The swings in demand during the second
quarter alone were fast and severe. Fire demand has clearly experienced a dramatic recovery in the
quarter and has remained strong through the first 3 weeks of July. That being said, COVID hotspots
continue to grow in size and number, which, in turn, is slowing down the reopening of state and local
economies. It is impossible to forecast how these dynamics will unfold in the coming weeks and months.
For PulteGroup, we will be optimistic about future market conditions but remain very disciplined and
measured in how we manage our business.

Now let me turn the call to Bob for a review of our second quarter results. Bob?

Robert T. O’Shaughnessy
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Ryan, and good morning. Similar to our first quarter call, I won't go through our typical detailed
analysis of our income statement and balance sheet, but I'll talk about the business in the context of
COVID-19. Also, given the volatility in market conditions during the quarter, where needed, I will provide
some insights on the change in our business as the quarter progressed. And finally, as Ryan stated, we will
be providing guidance on our expected third quarter and full year 2020 results.

For our second quarter, home sale revenues increased 3% to $2.5 billion. The higher revenues in the
period were driven by a 6% increase in closings to 5,937 homes, partially offset by a 3% decrease in
average sales price to $416,000. Consistent with recent trends, the lower average sales price primarily
reflects changes in the product and geographic mix of homes closed. I would highlight that these changes
were exaggerated in the quarter as the pandemic caused temporary market shutdowns in several higher-
priced locations, including Northern California, Michigan, Pennsylvania and the state of Washington.

Closings for the quarter consisted of 31% first time, 44% move up and 25% active adult. This compares
with prior year closings of 28% first time, 46% move up and 26% active adult. Net new orders for the
second quarter totaled 6,522 homes, which is down 4% from last year. Given that we started the quarter
with April orders down 53% from the prior year, this represents a tremendous turnaround in demand. For
the entire quarter, first time orders were up 17% to 2,327 homes. Move up orders were down 7% to 2,873
homes, and active adult orders were down 22% to 1,322 homes.

We've gotten questions over the quarter about how active adult buyers are behaving. So I want to note
that demand among this improved in each month to the quarter. In fact, June orders were up 21% over
last year, with active adult buyers more comfortable going out and with the amenities now reopened in our
communities, the buying and selling process is feeling more routine. At the same time, active adult buyers

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

are finding a strong demand environment if they have to sell an existing home. So we are optimistic about
an ongoing recovery in this part of our business.

For the quarter, our cancellation rate was 19% compared with 14% last year. The higher cancellation rate
was driven by elevated cancellations in April as the cancellation rate fell to only 12% of our orders in June.
As we discussed during our Q1 earnings call, we have seen that buyers are excited to close.

We ended the second quarter with 13,214 homes in backlog, which is an increase of 12% over last year.
At the end of the quarter, we had 10,946 homes under construction, which is down 4% from last year. Of
the homes currently in production, 2,121 or 19% were specs. In aggregate, the lower number of homes
under construction is consistent with our decision to tightly manage starts as demand collapsed early in
the pandemic. While we are focused on building sold homes, we have started to increase the number of
speculative starts in an effort to get us closer to our target ratio of specs, representing approximately 25%
to 30% of units in production.

Based on our backlog and the number of units in production, we currently expect to deliver between 6,000
and 6,300 homes in the third quarter. Further, we now expect deliveries for the full year to be in the range
of 23,500 to 24,000 homes. With an average price in backlog of approximately $438,000, we expect third
quarter ASP to be in the range of $425,000 to $435,000. For the full year, we expect average sales price
on deliveries to be between $420,000 and $430,000. As always, the mix of deliveries will influence the
average sale price we realized in any given quarter.

Back to my review of our second quarter results. Gross margin for the quarter was 23.9%, which
represents an increase of 80 basis points over last year and a sequential gain of 20 basis points from the
first quarter. Margins in the quarter benefited from the strong sales environment in the back half of 2019,
when the majority of these homes were sold. Our margins also reflect lower incentives as sales discounts
were down 40 basis points from last year to 3.5% and down 10 basis points from the first quarter of this
year. Given today's favorable demand conditions, we expect gross margins to remain strong through the
back half of the year. Currently, we expect gross margin for the third quarter to be in the range of 23.9%
to 24.2%, with full year gross margin to be in the range of 23.8% to 24.1%.

Our reported SG&A expense in the second quarter was $197 million, or 8% of home sale revenues.
Included in our reported SG&A was a $61 million pretax benefit resulting from the reversal of an insurance
reserve, partially offset by the previously announced $10 million pretax charge for severance resulting
from staffing actions taken in the quarter. Excluding these 2 items, our adjusted SG&A expense for the
quarter was $247 million, or 10% of home sale revenues, which is 80 basis points better than in the
second quarter of last year. The improvement in overhead leverage was driven by the volume growth
realized in the quarter, along with the actions taken to lower overhead expenses in response to changing
market conditions. While we typically give guidance only for full year SG&A expenditures, we are providing
Q3 numbers as well. We currently expect SG&A expense to be in the range of 9.9% to 10.4% of revenues
for the third quarter, and our adjusted SG&A to be in the range of 10.3% to 10.7% of revenues for the full
year.

Turning to financial services. Our operations generated $60 million of pretax income, representing
an outstanding 141% increase over the prior year. The increase was driven by an improving -- an
improved margin environment, higher loan volumes resulting from growth in the company's homebuilding
operations and a higher capture rate. In fact, our mortgage capture rate for the second quarter increased
to 87% from 81% last year. The improved capture rate reflects the opportunity our homebuilding
operations are finding to leverage Pulte mortgage in providing value-added services to our customers. The
investments our financial services team have made in building their technology platform allows them to
transition to off-site operations with virtual processing without missing a beat.

Closing out my comments on our income statement. Our second quarter income tax expense was $108
million, which represents an effective tax rate of 23.7%. This compares to tax expense of $80 million or
an effective rate of 24.9% last year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was lower than last year and
our historic guidance, primarily because of energy tax credits realized in the period. Going forward, we
continue to expect our tax rate to be approximately 25%, excluding any discrete permanent differences
like the energy tax credits that may arise. Our reported net income for the second quarter was $349

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

million or $1.29 per share, while our adjusted net income was $311 million or $1.15 per share. Prior year
net income for the period was $241 million or $0.86 per share.

Moving over to the balance sheet. We finished the quarter with $1.7 billion of cash after having repaid the
$700 million we drew down from our revolving credit facility in March. In addition to our strong operating
results, our second quarter cash position benefited from our actions to strategically defer investments in
land and vertical construction costs as well as our decision to suspend our share repurchase activities.
Having repaid the revolver, we ended the quarter with a debt-to-capital ratio of 32.1%, while our net debt-
to-capital ratio fell to 15.5%.

In the second quarter, we invested $452 million in land acquisition and development, which is down from
$619 million in Q1 this year and $857 million in the second quarter of last year. I would note that last
year's spend included $136 million related to the American West acquisition.

Through the first 6 months of 2020, we have invested approximately $1.1 billion in land acquisition and
related development. Given the improving market conditions, we are increasing our investment in both
land development and the purchase of new land assets. As such, we expect our full year land investment
will be approximately $2.7 billion as we begin completing land deals that we previously deferred. I would
like to highlight pandemic and any material impact it has on housing demand where the consumer and the
broader economy could influence how much capital we ultimately invest.

We ended the quarter with 163,000 lots under control, of which 46% are optioned. This represents our
highest option position in over a decade as we continue to progress toward our target of 50% owned and
50% optioned.

Let me now turn the call back to Ryan for some final comments. Ryan?

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Operating in the midst of a global pandemic and extreme market volatility, the company delivered an
outstanding quarterly earnings performance while generating strong cash flows that further strengthen
our financial position and flexibility. I want to say that we are certainly encouraged by the rebound and
acceleration in demand that we've experienced over the past few months. While there are different
thoughts on the drivers of this demand, what is clear is that the desire for homeownership remains high
for all buyer groups. Whether it's the first-time buyer looking to exit a shared living space, or the active
adult buyer looking for a new adventure, people want a place to call their own.

That being said, we continue to monitor the acceleration of COVID-19 cases in cities across the country,
along with delays and even step-backs in the reopening of local economies. Given these conditions, we
remain committed to taking a disciplined and thoughtful approach to running our business. While we have
had to adjust business practices, our fundamental goals and strategies have not changed as we continue
to focus on generating high returns through time. This means allocating capital in alignment with our
stated priorities of investing in the business, paying our dividend and when appropriate, returning excess
capital to shareholders through share repurchases. This also means operating against the same risk-
weighted criteria that we have used so successfully to invest in land for the past 8 years. Although given
today's environment, we are certainly working to assess any elevated risks associated with operating
during a global pandemic.

I want to thank all of our teams from our corporate and division offices to our front-line field personnel
for their tremendous efforts during these very challenging times. Everyone has pulled together as we
transitioned our operations to work remotely and then where appropriate, move back on-site if sales
centers could reopen and markets exited their lockdowns. From implementing new technologies and
virtual selling strategies to using PPE and appropriate social distancing, our people have been smart, fast,
resilient and maybe most of all, invested in each other and in our company.

Let me turn the call back to Jim.

James P. Zeumer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications
Great. Thanks, Ryan. We're now prepared to open the call for questions. [Operator Instructions] And
Sharon would ask that you just repeat the instructions, and we'll get started.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from John Lovallo with Bank of America.

John Lovallo
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

The first one is, obviously, the bounce that we've seen has been remarkable in terms of strength and
sustainability here. But I guess the question is, going forward, the big question in our mind is how
sustainable is this going to be? And I know that's a very difficult thing to answer, but what I'm wondering
is, what are the things that you're kind of monitoring to gauge whether you should kind of step on the gas
here or maybe pull back a bit?

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Well, John, it's Ryan. Thanks for the question. We're monitoring all the same metrics that we typically
monitor when we run the business. So we're looking at what's going on with consumer behavior, what are
we seeing the desire for homeownership, what's happening in the new home searches on the Internet,
some of the things that we described in our prepared remarks. We clearly pay attention to what's
happening in the resale market, which still to this day remains our biggest competitor. Certainly, we have
new home competitors. But with the majority of home sale being dominated by resale, we certainly pay
attention to what's happening there. We look at what's happening in the job market with unemployment,
with job creation, et cetera. So we're really focused, John. The biggest thing that I would emphasize is
we're focused on delivering high returns through time. And so while we certainly have got a little bit of a
tailwind at our back right now with consumer demand, the investments that we're making, the way that
we're running the company, the way that we're managing debt, the way that we're managing cash, we're
very much focused on those being through-cycle type movements.

The other thing, I think, in the more kind of short-term that we've got to pay attention to is state shelter-
in-place orders and what might potentially happen as local economies may revert back to Phase I, Phase
II, et cetera. Certainly, that could have an impact on the kind of shorter-term demand that we might see
in a sales office.

John Lovallo
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

That's helpful. And then maybe just on the Vegas market specifically in American West. Are you seeing
any improvement there as some of the casinos have begun to reopen?

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Surprisingly, John, if you remember at the end of the first quarter call, I highlighted Vegas as a
market that we were quite concerned about, given the dominance of tourism and travel-related economy.
That market has performed incredibly well and, in fact, had a spectacular June. So with the reopening of
the casinos, even at a limited capacity, we've seen a lot of the local workers go back to work. And folks are
back in the casinos and staying at the hotels. So our Vegas business did quite well in June, and we're very
happy about that.

Operator

Next question comes from Mike Dahl.

Christopher Frank Kalata
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

This is Chris on for Mike. My first question, which -- I want to ask what your latest price versus [ paid ]
thoughts are in the current demand environment. You guys mentioned you were able to raise pricing
in over 50% of your communities, which is kind of in line with what we were seeing as well. And I was
hoping to see if your thinking has changed at all in terms of pricing, when should we think about price
moving up at that 1% to 3% you mentioned, given where demand is running right now?

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Chris, it's the same process that we've always used, which is we evaluate it on a community-by-
community basis, taken into consideration what's happening in the local resale market that we compete
against as well as what we're doing in our competitive efforts against our other new home competitors.
Those are the things that really influence what's going on in our pricing decisions. We're certainly focused
on driving the best through-cycle returns that we can. And so that continues to be the overarching theme
and umbrella that we use to make decisions. I would remind you that you need to really pay attention
to rent as well. Especially with our first-time buyer business, that is an alternative source of shelter for
that consumer. And so they're going to constantly look at the economics of what's more advantageous. So
while demand is good, we don't believe that you can raise prices in an unfettered way.

Christopher Frank Kalata
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Got it. That makes sense. And then just my second question. I was hoping you could drill in a little deeper
into the latest demand trends you're seeing in some of the COVID hotspots in Texas, Florida, Arizona. I
realize it's tough to gauge what demand ultimately look like there. But for the last few weeks, have you
seen any sort of decipherable trends as far as the impact at that?

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So those markets have been incredibly strong for us, Chris. The 3 that you highlighted, Arizona,
particularly Phoenix, Texas and Florida, not only are they hot in temperature right now, they're also hot in
terms of sales pace. So despite the fact that there has been an increase in COVID cases in those markets,
they have been some of the most aggressive in reopening the local economies, and we've certainly seen
that translate into success in our sales offices as well.

Operator

Next question comes from Mike Rehaut with JPMorgan.

Michael Jason Rehaut
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Congrats on the recent results. Where that hit, and I know it's a little tough to go too detailed. But the
June results, obviously, incredibly strong. And you talked about July showing strength as well. But I think
there's obviously a lot of focus around the exit rate coming out of the quarter. I assume you don't want
people to model 50% order growth in the back half of the year. So I was just trying to get a sense of
maybe to give a rough idea so far how July is trending. Obviously, there's a lot of movement within the
quarter. There could be some pent-up demand; it can also be some increased incremental demand from
REITs and perhaps COVID itself. But any directional help around how July is going so far? And around any
expectations of where that order growth may or may not settle out in the third quarter would be helpful. I
know it's very forward looking, but the numbers are just very, very volatile currently.

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Mike. And thanks for the question. June was a spectacular month, and we're very pleased with that.
To your point, I do think there was some pent-up demand for a lot of the reasons that we listed in our
prepared remarks and some of the things that you've highlighted. So to assume that growth rates like
that would continue forward, that's -- time will tell. What I will tell you about July, and we're not going to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

deviate from our traditional practice other than to comment on how the first 3 or so weeks of July have
been. The first 3 weeks in July have continued to be strong, albeit on a somewhat seasonally adjusted
basis as we go into the kind of dog days of summer. So we're very happy with how July has performed,
we're optimistic about kind of what the summer selling months will hold for our business, but we'll stop
short of kind of providing a full forecast for the third quarter.

Michael Jason Rehaut
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. No, I appreciate that. And obviously, I had to try there because, again, there's a tremendous
amount of focus. Second question, I guess, talking about the price increases and about [ hector ]
communities, which is encouraging. Obviously, you've had a spike in lumber costs as well. Traditionally,
actually, when you've had cost inflation, you've actually had -- the industry has typically had margin
expansion as top line gains exceed the cost side of the business. Do you see the current environment as
being anything different? Because you mentioned, obviously, trying to not allow pricing to get out of hand
and you don't want to price yourself out, maybe similar to a couple of years ago. But how do you see your
ability to at least offset cost inflation in the current environment?

Robert T. O’Shaughnessy
Executive VP & CFO

Mike, it's Bob. And a fair question. Certainly, lumber has trended to candidly all-time highs. We've given
a guide on our margins for the balance of the year. And I think most folks are familiar with the way we
purchased lumber. It's on a trailing 13-week basis. And so our lumber package pricing for the balance of
the year is pretty much set. So these increases will really be more of an impact in '21, depending on how
the market -- the lumber market performs over the next 3, 6 weeks, 12 weeks. So on balance, actually,
the market is pretty good for commodities, lumber being an outlier. And I think most builders were able to
try and work with their trades to drive pricing down. We'll see some benefit for that; that's incorporated
into our guide for the balance of the year, so why you see margin improving as we continue through the
year. Given the pretty quick ramp-up in the business, I think it's reasonable to expect that the trades will
be looking for some of that money back as time goes by. In a world where we can get some modest price
increases, that's, to your point, usually sufficient for us to offset it -- those potential increases in costs.
So we're not giving a guide on margin beyond 2020. But you can tell from the guide for the balance of
the year, which is up from where we were in Q3, which is -- sorry, Q2, which was up from Q1 and up a
lot from last year, that the market's pretty good. And so we are always conscious of overall affordability;
to Ryan's point, rent is always the biggest competitor, and/or resale. But we feel pretty good about our
pricing opportunities and our cost controls today.

Operator

Next question comes from Kenneth Zener with KeyBanc.

Kenneth Robinson Zener
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Can you -- given your -- I appreciate the outlook and the volatility. Given your closing guidance for 3Q,
it's actually a little higher as a percent of your units under construction than as normal, which reflects
lower initial construction phase in the second quarter. But can you talk to how you think the industry or
Pulte, in particular, might be constrained in terms of production? There's obviously a lot of order growth,
demand in the time of job losses. But what is really constraining your growth? I mean is it that your build
construction times? You don't want to go out more than 6 months. You made very specific comments
around a pre-build model. It's not what you want to do, but you said you guys can do first-time buyers,
I believe, in 80 days. So what is really the production constraints you're seeing within given communities
that kind of limits your units under construction as we think about where you can go in the second half of
the year?

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

Ken, thanks for the question. When we think about production constraints, it's -- the #1 continues to be
labor, which is not a new theme. The entire industry has talked about that for a long time. And it's one
of the big reasons that we made the acquisition of ICG down in Jacksonville earlier in the year as we felt
that moving to more off-site type manufacturing was going to be one of the ways that we could really look
to eliminate some of the pinch points over time over the long pull with labor by being more efficient with
the way that we're able to manufacture the shell. So labor, I think, continues to be the #1 theme. What
we are finding is that the labor wants to work. So as shelter-in-place restrictions have been lifted more
and more and using appropriate PPE and social distancing, we've been able to get homes built. There are
additional requirements. I would tell you that it probably adds a few days in some places to cycle time,
just because it's a little bit slower than what you'd maybe ideally like. So that might be a little bit of an
added overlay constraint directly related to COVID. The other one is municipalities. So municipalities are
typically fairly lean in inspectors and permit -- their back office permitting facilitation. And so as those
municipalities have sheltered in place and they've asked their city and county employees to do the same,
we have seen and experienced a bit of delay in our overall cycle time just in our ability to get permits and
get inspections.

Operator

Next question comes from Truman Patterson with Wells Fargo.

Truman Andrew Patterson
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Nice results, and thank you for all the detail. There's a lot to digest there. So first question, big picture,
you're seeing some buyers exit more densely populated urban areas. Which metros or regions are you
seeing this the most pronounced? And on top of that, are you actually seeing migration from more densely
populated regions like the Northeast to less densely populated areas like the South? And just looking
forward, how do you think this kind of plays out over the next year or 2?

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Truman, it's Ryan. Thanks for the question. As far -- I'll answer your second question first. As far as
Northeast to the South, that's a trend that we've been experiencing for a long time. So it's hard to suggest
that it's any more than what it already was due to [ salt ] or housing affordability and a number of other
things because some of the southern states, I think it really worked to ramp up their job creation and
create opportunities in the South. So I would suggest that, that continues to kind of happen, and I
wouldn't necessarily suggest that it's accelerating. As far as the markets that we highlighted where we
are seeing an increase in our local business as a result of an urban exodus, if you will, I'll use that term
loosely. San Antonio, North Florida, Southwest Florida, which for us would be the Naples-Fort Myers-
Sarasota, kind of West Coast of Florida, and then we're also seeing a bit of it in the Northeast corridor,
which is middle and southern Jersey and into Pennsylvania. So there I think we are seeing some folks that
maybe we're living closer to the city, New York City, that is, looking for an opportunity to be a little bit
more suburban in New Jersey and Pennsylvania.

Truman Andrew Patterson
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. Okay. And then on your entry level, just some of your thoughts moving forward, you all -- it seems
like now you're making a bit more of an aggressive push towards the first time buyer, entry-level segment.
What portion of your business are you kind of targeting at this point? Is it primarily through expanding
through your Centex brand nationwide? And it seems like everybody that makes this rotation, it's really
been actually a benefit to gross margin. Can you just talk about some of those moving parts for us?

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Sure, Truman. I'll take you on a bit of a time machine trip and go back to the fall of 2016. We talked as
a company that we felt that we had an opportunity to reposition our business to be a bit more balanced

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

in the consumers that we target. And we laid out that ideally, we wanted our first-time buyer business
to be about 35% of our business. What we highlighted was that we wanted to do it the right way and
intentionally go out and buy parcels of the land that would allow us to be -- to effectively and successfully
and specifically target the first-time buyer business. We've done that, as is evidenced by the lots that we
control currently for our first-time buyer business equal 34% of the total lots we control are targeted to
the first-time buyer business. And what we talked about is that it would take some time from the time
that we acquire and secure that land to where you see it coming through in the business. The most recent
quarter, 31% of our closings represent or were specifically targeted to the first-time buyer; that compares
to 32% of our closings in Q2 -- or in Q1. So we're -- and then compared to prior year second quarter,
we were 28%. So what you've seen is it's gone from our business being 26%, 27% first time to we're
now in the 31%, 32%, and we're moving much closer to that ideal target of 35%. So we think it's done
wonders for our business. We're seeing nice growth there. We're probably just a few percentage points shy
of where we ideally want to be in terms of closing mix at this point in time. But we've got the land pipeline
that will drive that.

Operator

Next question comes from Alan Ratner with Zelman & Associates.

Alan S. Ratner
Zelman & Associates LLC

Nice quarter and congrats on the execution during this difficult time. Ryan, just on that last point on
the land pipeline. Obviously, you're starting to gradually ramp the acquisition and development back up
again. And presumably, the land you're buying now is probably for maybe late '21, '22 deliveries, I would
imagine at this point. But just trying to think forward here, you're in a difficult spot where you kind of do
have to take a view on the sustainability of the trends you're seeing now. You could do certain things to
mitigate the risks such as optioning more. But when you look at '21 and the pipeline you have, assuming
this is sustainable, do you foresee any air pockets on the supply side, thinking about the land pipeline
primarily, where you would not be in a position to grow in '21, assuming this kind of flurry of activity
continues through the end of the year? Or do you think the pipeline is sufficient to continue growing
through 21?

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Alan, thanks for the question. I appreciate it. We're not giving any guidance on '21 at this point in
time. What I will tell you just broadly about our land pipeline is it's healthy. We control over 160,000 lots.
And to your point about how sustainable and how you can manage that risk with that forward view, it's
a big reason that we've been driving towards the 50-50 mix on owned versus option. I'm really proud
of what our team has been able to do in pushing that number to 46% options, which is the highest that
we've ever seen in our business in over a decade. So that's a real win. And when we look at the lots that
we've actually approved in the current year, the percentage of options are over 60%. So while we've
moved the entire portfolio inclusive of Del Webb, when we isolated just to 2020 acquisitions, we're north
of 60%. So I think that's a big part of it. We've got a really big backlog, Alan. We're over 13,000 homes
in backlog, 12% increase over prior year. So we're well positioned to not only deliver the next 6 months
of the year. But that gives us a really nice kind of running start into early 2021 as well, which we think
is a real advantage in kind of our build-to-order model is that it gives us so much forward visibility. And
we know that it's a big part of what continues to contribute to the outsized margins that our business
is able to generate. We did highlight in Q1, and again, as part of kind of our land spend numbers in this
quarter, we did -- we were cautious in the amount of land development dollars that we outlaid early in Q2.
Certainly, that will have a bit of impact on our ability to get new communities opened on the original time
line. We think that's a short-term kind of blip and is not something that's going to materially impact our
ability to continue to perform well.

Alan S. Ratner
Zelman & Associates LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

Got it. That's helpful, Ryan. I appreciate that. And then second, you had some positive comments on
Vegas earlier, and it's good to see that market continuing to -- or performing well in the face of a tough
job environment there. As you look at the land spend for the back half of the year and your footprint, you
have the benefit of being very well diversified. Are there any markets, thinking about Vegas or Orlando,
maybe where you're going to be a little bit more conservative on land spend and perhaps reallocate
those dollars elsewhere? Or do you feel like your whole portfolio right now has an equal look at land
opportunities?

Robert T. O’Shaughnessy
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Alan, it's Bob. I think the simple answer to that is that all the markets are open. We are seeing
positive demand trends across the country, as Ryan walked you through. And so our view is until we see
something change, we're willing and able to invest everywhere. You heard Ryan say that we're looking
through with a little bit tighter lens. And so as an example, for the things that we deferred 30 or 60 or
90 days ago, we have a new process that we've instituted where just asking the asset management team
actually refreshes our expectations of market conditions. So an approval that got me for argument's
sake, 10 months ago, waiting for some final entitlement. Before we move money, we're actually going
back and saying, "Okay, did the pro formas that we built then, do they still apply?" And so I think what
I would characterize it is we're using the same discipline we always have. We've put one more hurdle
in the purchase process, and that hurdle is applicable to every market. And so using Vegas or North
Florida in your example, certainly as Vegas has opened and improved, our attitude towards it has gotten
a little bit better. And so really, we're looking at current on-the-ground data. We're listening to what the
state regulators, governments are saying about shelter in place. And we think we're making educated
investment decisions. So I don't know if that gets you all the way to where you want it to be, but in
general, we're open for business, but we are being disciplined in that thought process.

Operator

Next question comes from Stephen Kim with Evercore ISI.

Stephen Kim
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I'm really intrigued about the opportunity for you guys to raise prices. I know you said you raised prices in
more than half of your communities in 1/2 of your divisions. And I'm thinking that you've probably crossed
over the absorption rate threshold in their communities, and most of your communities by now, above
which further growth lead you to raise price. We're also seeing mortgage rates down 80 basis points year-
over-year. And so I'm thinking that the median monthly payment that your entry-level buyer is paying
is probably down quite a bit and probably down a lot more than the decline they're seeing in rents. So
I'm curious, when was the last time you think you saw buyers' monthly payments down this much versus
rents? And is there any reason to think that there is going to -- that's going to be -- provide you a lot of
headroom to raise prices in a way that it's very different from what we've seen in the last few years?

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Stephen, a tough question. There's a lot in that. I'll try and unpack it. And maybe easier than
unpacking it is just to simply say, it's a really favorable demand environment out there. And I think as
we highlighted, there's a number of factors that are driving that. One, money is very affordable right
now. And so the prospect of being able to afford a new home is probably better than it's been in a long
time. I will caveat it by saying the first-time buyer's still got to have a down payment. So there's got to
be enough savings from somewhere in order to make that happen. And we don't see that being a huge
impediment, but it is a restricter out there that our hurdle rate or hurdle that needs to be cleared before
the first-time buyer can enter the home buying market or the homeownership market. To your point,
Stephen, I think it's not been often that the decline in interest rates and resulting payment has been
faster than the decline in rent. And so you combine that with the fact that there's a desire to probably
not live in more densely constructed apartment-type complexes, I think those are really positive, positive

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

tailwinds for the entire industry. And certainly, as we move our business closer to 35% being first time, we
think that bodes well for the future of the business.

Stephen Kim
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Yes, it certainly does. My follow-up relates to the down payment comment that you made. Historically,
you're right; down payment has been viewed as like 1 of the key impediments to first-time buyers.
But I'm thinking in this environment, we've seen student loan forbearance through -- from March to
September, we found that the average payment on that student debt is nearly $400 a month. If you take
a couple with -- that both may have student loans, I mean ramp it out till or grow it through September,
plus a couple of $1,200 stimulus checks. I mean that alone can pretty much match -- go a long way
towards providing the down payment. So I'm curious as to whether or not you are hearing from the folks
in your communities -- the sales folks, that the ability to come up with a down payment is not the hurdle
that it once was. And in fact, that hurdle may actually be getting lower given the increased savings.

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Stephen, I don't know that we've specifically heard direct feedback on down payment related
concerns, that there's anything there that I would highlight. What I would tell you is evidenced by the
year-over-year growth rate that we highlighted in our June sales from the first time segment, we were up
70%, 70-plus percent in the first-time buyer segment. So if you use that as a data point, it would largely
suggest that those buyers are able and are finding ways to come up with a down payment. Whether it's
from the means that you suggested or something else, the money is clearly there, and that's translating
into a favorable sales environment out of that segment.

Operator

Next question comes from Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs.

Susan Marie Maklari
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

My first question is, can you give us a little bit more color on the SG&A side, especially as it sounds like
you have taken back some of those people that you furloughed and perhaps are even adding to the
headcount from some of the more permanent reductions that you did. How should we think about that
flowing through? And can you give us some sense of where you are in terms of the headcount?

Robert T. O’Shaughnessy
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Sure, Susan. I think if you kind of piece together everything that we included in the remarks, because
the business has been strong, we have brought back almost all of the furloughed folks that we had asked
to wait to come back to work. We've even rehired a couple of people. But on balance, we had announced
about $65 million worth of save in fiscal '20 related to the actions that we took and I would tell you, that
remains pretty much where we think we landed. We may reintroduce a couple of costs, and principally,
I'm thinking on the IT side, to make sure we continue to advance that work beyond where we thought
we would based on the work we did in May. So with that, our spend is pretty much what we thought it
was going to be. That is reflected in the guide that we gave. So if you think about it, our full year guide
at 10.3% to 10.7% of revenues in SG&A is better than, by about 20 basis points, the guide that we
had at the beginning of the year, which we obviously took down at the beginning of the pandemic. So
we don't see a lot of creep back into the business, which is good, and we want to be disciplined about
that. We hadn't included the furloughed folks in the save. And so we had hoped and expected to bring
those folks back to work. They've come back -- to Ryan's point, they're mostly field personnel, so they're
serving revenue-producing activities. So we feel pretty good about our expense structure for the --
for where we are in the business. And if the business continues to perform at a heightened level, we
might need to bring some more people back. But again, I think that would be well leveraged from an

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

overhead perspective because they would be bringing them back to do things once again that are revenue
producing.

Susan Marie Maklari
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Okay. All right. That's very helpful. And then given the trends that we've seen, and obviously, the relative
confidence in your outlook, can you just talk a bit to what you need to see to get comfortable to start to
resume some of the repurchase activity? And any color on what the timing of that could potentially be?

Robert T. O’Shaughnessy
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So I think in fairness, we've come through a pretty tough time. We fully drew our revolver. We
were able to pay that back comfortably. We have a very nice cash position. Debt-to-cap is at 32%. And
a year ago, it was at 35%, so we've made progress there. If you look at it on a net basis, it's at 15.5
million, down from 29% a year ago. So feel really good about our financial position. Having said that,
we're still in the midst of a pandemic. And so I think what we will do is very consistent with what we've
done historically is we'll report the news. So as and when we get into the market after we've done that,
you'll hear about it. But the process will be, Ryan and I and the team here will work through what are
our medium- to longer-term capital needs. What do we think the business produces. No different than
pre-pandemic. Share and work through that with the Board and come up with a game plan for how to
repurchase equity. You heard Ryan say it earlier in the call, our capital priorities have not changed. It's still
invest in the business at high return. It's pay our dividend. And if we have extra, we will use it to buy back
stock. We also talked about leverage. We're in a good spot there. We do have a maturity in March next
year, $420 some odd million that will be something that we would likely, at this point, think that we're
going to use cash to satisfy. But obviously, market conditions needs for cash and capital will weigh on that
as we get closer. So we'll have more to say about that as time goes by, Susan.

Operator

Next question comes from Jay McCanless with Wedbush.

Jay McCanless
Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division

I guess the first question I had is, could you give us any color on where you expect community growth for
the rest of this year and maybe a hint or preview for '21?

Robert T. O’Shaughnessy
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So community count growth, we are thinking, is going to be somewhere from between 2% and 4%
down in Q3 and Q4, each versus the average in the preceding year quarter, so Q3 versus Q3 the year
prior. Certainly, the development delays and the land purchase delays, you heard Ryan talk about it earlier
in the call, that come from what we did, call it, beginning of April through the middle to late June, we've
started to ramp that back up, but that will have an impact on our community count as we go forward. We
have not provided any guidance for fiscal '21. We'll give you that as we get closer to the end of the year
and we go through our planning process.

Jay McCanless
Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. The second question I had in terms of what you're looking for, for new land
acquisition and some of the migration away from the urban core you guys talked about. I mean is Pulte
as a company starting to look at further outland positions, larger land positions, more lots? I mean has
COVID and everything we've seen over the last 4 months affected the way you guys are buying land or
thinking about land going forward?

Ryan R. Marshall

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

President, CEO & Director

Yes. Jay, this is Ryan. I think what we highlighted is that the process that we've used to evaluate risk
associated with buying land remains very consistent. So we've not made major changes there. Certainly,
I do think the changes in consumer behavior from COVID, that will clearly influence things over time. I
think some of the bigger influences are going to be on home design, quite frankly. But our business always
has been somewhat -- or mostly suburban, just because that's where available land is. So as far as going
into the exurbs and into B and C type locations and really making big bets on land, I don't know that you
should expect to see that from us. We're going to continue to be very disciplined in where we invest. We
still think that access to transportation corridors, good schools, employment, entertainment, shopping, et
cetera, we still think those things all matter. And so we're going to continue to look at buying in locations
where we think buyers want to be pre-COVID, post-COVID. And those are the elements that we think
drive through-cycle return.

Jay McCanless
Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division

Do you think that -- and from a plan standpoint, you guys are in good shape? Or are you seeing a
lot more requests for the double work from home or the students and the kids working from home
environment? Are you guys adapting to that? And what are you hearing from your customers right now
as far as that goes? If you're not going to go further out, maybe talk about what you're going to do with
some of the house plans, et cetera.

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So Jay, I think it's one of the things that's been a real strength for the company is our consumer-
inspired focus and the research that we've been doing for the past 7 or 8 years with our commonly
managed plans. We've really been designing and creating just some spectacular floor plans that not only, I
think, meet current consumer needs, they allow for great flexibility. So in our build-to-order model, there
are a number of things where we have flexible spaces that can be turned into a gym or a home office
or a second master or an in-law suite. Those are all things that our current portfolio of plans allow for.
We'll continue to listen to the customer, especially in light of what's currently changing, to see if there's
more opportunity to accelerate that. But keep in mind what I highlighted earlier in the call, our biggest
competitor is resale. And I can promise you that any of the new plans that we have are far better than a
housing stock that's 10, 20, 30 years old.

Operator

And at this time, I will turn the call over to the presenters.

James P. Zeumer
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

Great. Thank you very much. Appreciate everybody's time this morning. We will be available for questions
over the remainder of the day, and we look forward to speaking with you on the next call.

Operator
This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

