PulteGroup, Inc. NYSE:PHM
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, January 28, 2020 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.10

1.14

3.64

0.65

3.58

3.60

0.56

3.95

2979.49

3016.91

1.26

2184.06

10176.92

10212.96

0.35

11027.14

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-28-2020 1:03 PM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.47

0.82

0.92

1.10

0.59

0.86

1.01

1.14

25.53 %

4.88 %

9.78 %

3.64 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

James P. Zeumer
Vice President of Investor
Relations & Corporate
Communications

Robert T. O’Shaughnessy
Executive VP & CFO

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Alan S. Ratner
Zelman & Associates LLC

Carl Edwin Reichardt
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

John Gregory Micenko
Susquehanna Financial Group,
LLLP, Research Division

John Lovallo
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Kenneth Robinson Zener
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Matthew Adrien Bouley
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Michael Glaser Dahl
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Michael Jason Rehaut
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Stephen Kim
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Truman Andrew Patterson
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Q4 2019 PulteGroup, Inc. Earnings
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

I'd now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Jim Zeumer. Please go ahead, sir.

James P. Zeumer
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

Okay. Thank you, James, and good morning. I want to welcome participants to this morning's call to
discuss PulteGroup's outstanding fourth quarter 2019 operating and financial results. I'm joined this
morning by Ryan Marshall, President and CEO; Bob O’Shaughnessy, Executive Vice President and CFO;
and Jim Ossowski, Senior VP of Finance.

A copy of this morning's earnings release and the presentation slides that accompanies today's call have
been posted to our corporate website at pultegroup.com. We will also post an audio replay of today's call
to our website a little later today.

I want to highlight that we will be discussing our reported results today as well as results adjusted to
exclude the impact of certain significant items. A reconciliation of these adjusted results to our reported
results is included in this morning's release and within the webcast slides accompanying this call. We
encourage you to review these tables to assist in your analysis of our results.

Before I turn the call over to Ryan, I want to alert everyone that today's presentation includes forward-
looking statements about the company's expected future performance. Actual results could differ
materially from those suggested by our comments made today. The most significant risk factors that could
affect future results are summarized as part of today's earnings release and within the accompanying
presentation slides. These risk factors and other key information are detailed in our SEC filings, including
our annual and quarterly reports.

Now let me turn the call over to Ryan. Ryan?

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Jim, and good morning. As detailed in this morning's press release, PulteGroup's fourth quarter
results closed out 2019 on a high note, which I believe positions the company for even greater successes
in the year ahead. Our outstanding Q4 results reflect the strength of our overall market positions and
homebuilding operations in combination with an ongoing acceleration and fundamental housing demand.
What I view as particularly encouraging is the broad-based strength of the housing market, as our Q4
order rates were higher across each of our geographic areas and across each of the buyer groups we
serve. Reflective of this strength in demand, traffic to our stores was up 14% over the prior year, while
order rates increased 33%.

Housing continues to benefit from favorable market dynamics, including strong employment, consumer
confidence and demographic numbers, which have underpinned demand for the last several years. I
think improved affordability across many markets is now adding incremental support and allowing more
consumers to get actively engaged in the home-buying process. While the slow start to 2019 resulted
in our full year closings and revenues being up only slightly over last year, we still delivered increased
earnings per share, generated $1.1 billion in operating cash flow, and that's after having invested $3
billion into the business, and we also returned almost $400 million to shareholders through dividends and
share repurchases.

We were also successful in strengthening our financial position, having retired $274 million of our bonds
that were scheduled to mature in 2021, with this helping us to enter the new year with a net debt to cap

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

of only 21.7%. Couple all of this with our highest-ending backlog in over a decade, and I think it's clear
that we are extremely well positioned to grow the business and deliver even greater financial results in
2020.

While I am excited to speak with you this morning about this morning's announced acquisition of
Innovative Construction Group, I'm first going to turn the call over to Bob, so he can finish reviewing our
financial results. Bob?

Robert T. O’Shaughnessy
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, and good morning, everyone. PulteGroup's order volume and absorption rate were the highest
we have generated in the fourth quarter in more than a decade. For the period, net new orders totaled
5,691 homes, which is an increase of 33% over the prior year. As Ryan indicated, we experienced strong
demand across all geographies and buyer groups.

For the quarter, our first-time buyer orders increased 57% to 1,743 homes. Move-up orders increased
27% to 2,471 homes, while active adult orders increased 22% to 1,477 homes. In the quarter, we
operated from an average of 865 communities, which is an increase of 5% over the prior year community
count of 825. Adjusting for community count, absorption pace was up 27% over last year.

Consistent with our orders, we realized higher absorption rates across our entire portfolio as absorptions
increased 38% among first-time buyers, 29% among move-up buyers and 10% among active adult
buyers. The improved operating environment contributed to the company's strong financial performance in
the quarter as home sale revenues increased to $2.9 billion.

Higher revenues in the period were driven by a 2% increase in closings to 6,822 homes as our average
sales price was down less than 1% to $429,000. Our average sale price for the period reflects a
combination of pricing dynamics and mix shifts realized in the period. More specifically, our average sales
price for move-up and active adult closings increased 4% to $494,000 and $423,000, respectively, while
pricing for first-time homes decreased by 8% to $342,000. It's worth noting that the decrease in first-
time ASP reflects the ongoing and purposeful expansion of our entry-level business, particularly in the
Southeast, Florida and Texas. This successful expansion of our first-time business is also demonstrated
in the mix of our fourth quarter closings. By buyer group, closings in the quarter were comprised of 32%
first time, 45% move-up and 23% active adult as compared with 26% first time, 47% move-up and 27%
active adult in the fourth quarter last year. These results include the closing of 432 more first-time homes
this quarter than the fourth quarter last year.

Given the increased investment we have been making in assets that serve this buyer group, we believe
we are well positioned to continue expanding this element of our business. The strong order environment
has also contributed to a 20% increase in our backlog over the same period last year to 10,507 homes.
As a result, we've been increasing our production such that we had 10,780 homes under construction at
the end of the quarter, which is up 14% over last year. Of the homes under production, 69% are sold,
while the remaining 31% are spec. On a percentage basis, spec production is down from last year, but up
sequentially. This largely reflects the introduction of incremental spec units in our entry-level communities
as we seek production efficiencies and to meet the move-in ready expectations of that buyer group.

Given the homes we have under contract and production, we expect first quarter deliveries to be in the
range of 5,300 to 5,500 homes. At the midpoint, this would represent an increase of 17% over the first
quarter of 2019. With this strong start to the year, we expect full year deliveries to be in the range of
25,500 to 26,250 homes in 2020.

Based on the relative strength of our first-time communities, we expect the average sales price of closings
in the first quarter will be in the range of $410,000 to $415,000, with full year ASP in the range of
$415,000 to $420,000.

Continuing down the income statement, our reported gross margin in the fourth quarter was 22.8%
compared with prior year reported an adjusted gross margin of 21.5% and 23.8%, respectively. Our gross
margin for the quarter came in lower than our previous guidance due to a number of factors. Notably,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

we delivered more homes than we expected in California, where pricing was under pressure much of
the year. In addition, we realized higher-than-expected warranty costs at a limited number of previously
closed communities, and we recorded a couple of minor inventory impairments. While none of these items
were individually significant, together they did act as a margin drag in the period. Demonstrating the real
ongoing strength of our business, we expect our first quarter gross margin to increase sequentially and
to be in the range of 23.0% to 23.3%. In fact, the potential is there for margins to improve further as the
year progresses, and we currently expect full year gross margins to be in the range of 23.0% to 23.4%.

Our reported fourth quarter SG&A expense of $262 million or 8.9% of home sale revenues, included a
$31 million pretax benefit from an insurance reserve adjustment recorded in the period. Excluding this
benefit, our adjusted SG&A expense was $293 million or 10% of home sale revenues. SG&A expense for
the prior year fourth quarter was $292 million or 10.1% of home sale revenues. With expectations for
higher closing volumes in 2020, we believe we can realize incremental overhead leverage. As such, we
expect SG&A expense for 2020 to be in the range of 10.5% and 10.9% of home sale revenues.

Our financial services operations generated fourth quarter pretax income of $34 million compared with $5
million in the fourth quarter of last year. Last year's results included a charge of $16 million for a reserve
adjustment recorded in the period. This year's improved financial performance also benefited from a
strong margin environment, higher loan volumes resulting from growth in our homebuilding operations as
well as a higher capture rate. In fact, our mortgage capture rate increased to 84% from 77% last year.

In the fourth quarter, our income tax expense was $100 million for an effective tax rate of 23% compared
with $92 million for an effective tax rate of 27.9% last year. Our fourth quarter rate was lower than our
previous guide as we benefited from an adjustment in valuation allowance associated with certain deferred
tax assets as well as the benefit related to the recent approval of the energy tax credit.

Looking ahead for 2020, we expect our base effective tax rate to be approximately 25%. In total, our
reported net income was $336 million or $1.22 per share in the quarter. On an adjusted basis, our net
income for the quarter was $312 million or $1.14 per share. In the prior year, our reported net income in
the fourth quarter was $238 million or $0.84 per share, while adjusted net income was $314 million or
$1.11 per share.

Our fourth quarter diluted EPS was calculated using approximately 271 million shares, which is down
9 million shares, were roughly 3% from the fourth quarter of last year. Our lower share count is due
primarily to our ongoing share repurchase activities. During the fourth quarter, we invested $771 million in
land acquisition and development spend, bringing our total land spend for 2019 to $3 billion.

We ended the year with approximately 158,000 lots under control, with 41% of them held via option
looking to 2020, we expect our total land spend to increase to approximately $3.2 billion.

Given our existing land pipeline, we expect full year 2020 community count growth of 1% to 3% over
2019. Growth will be closer to 3% to 5% in the first quarter of the year, reflecting the benefit of last year's
American West acquisition.

In the fourth quarter, we repurchased approximately 765,000 common shares for $30 million for an
average price of $39.16 per share. For the full year, we repurchased 8.4 million shares for $274 million or
an average price of $32.52 per share. After all this activity, we ended 2019 with $1.2 billion of cash, and
as Ryan mentioned, a net debt-to-capital ratio of 21.7%. On a gross basis, our debt-to-capital ratio was
33.6%, which is down 500 basis points from last year.

Let me now turn the call back to Ryan for some additional comments. Ryan?

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Bob. Consistent with the 33% increase in orders, the demand environment in the fourth quarter
was obviously much stronger than last year. We saw generally strong demand in the eastern third of the
country with Florida continuing to deliver exceptional performance. Demand in our Midwest and Texas
operations was also much improved with our Texas business, in particular, benefiting from increased

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

business among first-time buyers. Demand in west was certainly much stronger in the quarter, and I
would cautiously highlight that Northern California appears to be finding its footing after a tough 12-plus
months.

Strong fourth quarter demand, which has continued into the first few weeks of January has us heading
into 2020 with much higher expectations than we had at this time last year. We are optimistic that a good
macroeconomic backdrop and better affordability should keep buyer interest high in the year ahead.

Now with the review of our operating and financial results complete, I want to discuss PulteGroup's
acquisition of Innovative Construction Group or ICG.

For several years, you've heard the construction industry talk about a tight labor market and how this is
adding to our construction costs and cycle times. Given these conditions, you've also heard us discuss
efforts to expand the use of off-site manufacturing in our construction operations. As you know, we
launched our commonly managed plan platform in 2011 to better standardize our product offering
and simplify our purchasing and construction processes. In 2019, 81% of our closings were from our
common plan portfolio. With the success of this platform, we have viewed capturing the benefits of off-site
manufacturing as a next logical step. Over the last 18 months, we've met with numerous businesses that
are working to bring increased automation to homebuilding. It is through this work that we identified ICG,
which provides framing solutions to residential and commercial contractors in and around the Jacksonville
market.

ICG's off-site solution includes offering design services, manufacturing wall panels, roof trusses and floor
systems and on-site installation to provide a full-frame shell construction process. In evaluating ICG, we
were very impressed by the management team along with the product quality, production efficiency and
overall innovation of the plant's operations. Working closely with the company founders, who will continue
to lead ICG going forward, we plan to extend the use of preassembled floor systems and to expand the
factory's production capabilities to include installed windows and wall prep for mechanical, electrical and
plumbing.

ICG will remain a stand-alone operation and continue serving its existing customer base and builder
clients. This acquisition has the potential to benefit our Jacksonville operations through faster cycle times,
precision structural components and savings on lumber and other materials. More importantly, we see this
facility as a model for integrating increased off-site production in other PulteGroup divisions. While likely a
few years down the road, the opportunity is there to develop comparable production plants in areas where
our scale and adjacent markets can support a dedicated factory.

It is important to note that ICG is just one component of our strategy as we do continue to partner with
key suppliers to move more of our production into a factory setting. This is one plant serving one market,
but we're greatly encouraged by the potential off-site production offers to enhance our operations in North
Florida today and other markets in the future.

We see the opportunity to produce high-quality components with greater efficiency, while allowing
PulteGroup to work more effectively with its trade partners. We look forward to providing updates on this
venture and related activities as they develop.

Before opening the call to questions, I want to welcome the employees of ICG into the PulteGroup family
and thank our entire team for their outstanding work in 2019. Thanks to your efforts, the company is
operationally and financially strong, and we head into 2020 with tremendous momentum.

Now let me turn the call back to Jim Zeumer.

James P. Zeumer
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications
Great. Thanks, Ryan. We'll now open the call for questions so that we can speak to as many participants
as possible during the remaining time in this call. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one
follow-up.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan.

Michael Jason Rehaut
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

The first question I had was just on the drivers of the gross margin for 2020 and expecting a little bit of
improvement. I was hoping you could break down how you're thinking about the different components of
that -- those drivers by either mix, pricing, cost inflation, what are the bigger drivers there?

Robert T. O’Shaughnessy
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Mike, it's Bob. Obviously, when we look at the business and how we want to project our margins
going forward, the first start we place -- the first place we start is our backlog. We've got a strong backlog
coming through the year. So we know the pricing embedded in that. We think about how the business has
performed largely over the last 3 months as we've built that backlog. And so as an example, California,
we've seen pricing get a little bit firmer out there. We've seen a little bit more volume. And -- but -- so
I guess, as simply as I could say, it's based on what we see in our backlog. We're not assuming price
appreciation. I can tell you that as we look at vertical construction cost in fiscal '20, we see about a 1%
increase, so relatively modest inflation. Lot costs are obviously going to get a little more expensive as we
move more recent into surface of the portfolio. But again, that's all factored in. But we're not assuming
price appreciation in that guide.

Michael Jason Rehaut
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. Appreciate it. I guess for my second question, I was -- and I apologize, I was pulled away for a
moment during some of the prepared remarks. The ICG acquisition, I was curious about that in terms of
the rationale. And again, I apologize if you kind of addressed this already. But just the rationale behind
buying the company outright versus being a customer as is and reaping the benefits of the efficiencies
of the business or the business relationship as a -- simply as a customer or perhaps making an equity
investment to allow the company to grow further without fully consolidating it and kind of adding an
additional cost structure, so to speak, on to your own book?

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Mike, it's Ryan, and good morning. Thanks for the question. I think as we looked at -- the way I'd explain
that as we looked at ICG, I think there are a number of different ways that we potentially could have
reaped some of the benefits associated with the off-site manufacturing. You highlighted a number of
those. We elected to go the route that we did for a number of reasons, which I probably won't get into
on this call. What I will tell you is, the path that we've chosen to take on this particular acquisition was
right for this particular opportunity. We're going to, as we look at our entire operation across the country,
continue to leverage relationships with other suppliers, where we're looking to move as much of our
production into automated-type factory settings as we can. And in many of those cases, it will be with
existing suppliers that are bringing technology to the table. We are going to use the learnings from this
plant to certainly enhance right away our Jacksonville operations, and we'll use those learnings down the
road to potentially look at standing up new plants of our own where we have the right amount of volume
to support those. So we're really excited about what this does. It's been a journey, frankly, in the making
since 2011 when we started our commonly managed planned portfolio, and this is the next logical step. So
more to come, but suffice it to say, we're pretty excited about what this opportunity holds for the industry.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

And our next question comes from the line of Stephen Kim with Evercore ISI.

Stephen Kim
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Let me follow-on Mike's question here on ICG. A number of questions, maybe you can just sort of take
them all as one. I'm curious about your longer-term plans, this opportunity to expand. Are you thinking
that it's going to be more along the lines of these integrated systems with the mechanicals, integrated and
windows? Or would be more kind of like the raw -- their skeleton as you think about the opportunities?
And can you give us a sense for the -- an estimate of how much you think that you're saving or they are
saving in the Jacksonville market? And whether you think that, that's something which can increase as you
take this across the country?

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Steve, I'll take the first question as far as where we see this going in the future. And I think it's really
the latter or the first piece that you mentioned, which is to take it to the level of plumbing, electrical,
window installation, et cetera. So I think even an advanced level of manufacturing from what's readily
available, I think, in most markets today with just the raw frame shell. So ICG is already starting to do
some floor cassettes, which we think is kind of in that more advanced level off-site manufacturing. And
as we look to this existing operation plus the places down the road, we think the real opportunity is to
get into the more advanced manufacturing. We're certainly going to get benefits today from kind of the
frame shell components of walls and trusses, but where we really see the benefit coming as in those more
advanced manufacturing techniques.

In terms of kind of the benefit, Stephen, we certainly believe that there's benefit there. I would highlight
for you that this is a kind of single plant in a single market. So any impact in our overall reported results,
I think, will be modest. But it's a big step for the company and a journey that we're really excited to take
over the next 2 or 3 years.

Stephen Kim
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Excellent. Well, I know you guys have done a tremendous amount of work there. So it's maybe probably
one of the best positions to know. Second question relates to the entry-level segment of the market. We
highlighted this morning that there were some changes done with respect to housing policy or at least
changes that look like they're coming, which could be helpful to the lower end of the market, even beyond
what we've seen over the last couple of years. I'm curious as to whether or not you have seen any change
in the entry-level of the market. We know that there's been a lot of other folks moving into that segment
of the market in a more serious way. And I was curious whether or not you have continued to see strength
at the entry level or if you've seen it start to moderate in any way. So just your commentary about what
you're seeing in the marketplace from a -- at the lower end of the market?

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Stephen, it's Ryan. I'll take the first piece of that. We are seeing continued strength. And I think it's
evidenced in our reported numbers for the fourth quarter on our first time entry-level space. We had 57%
year-over-year sign up growth, which is pretty robust. So we're excited about that. We're excited about
the continued investment that we've been making over really the last 2.5 years to meaningfully move
the number of lots that we control that are specifically targeted to this first-time space. And so I like how
we're positioned there. Some of the changes that you speak to, I think, have certainly helped with the
overall affordability equation and providing attractive and accessible financing to even more buyers, and I
think that is all factored into the overall demand situation that we're seeing from the first-time entry-level
buyer.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

And our next question comes from the line of Matthew Bouley with Barclays.

Matthew Adrien Bouley
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I wanted to ask about the move-up business. Obviously, strong absorption growth there as well in the
quarter. And obviously, many of your competitors are leaning harder into the entry level. So I guess,
on move-up, how do you think about, at this point, Pulte's position competitively, both in terms of land
acquisition and potentially even pricing power at move-up communities just because simply you don't
quite hear as much about your competitors leaning into that part of the business as much?

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Matt, it's a good question, and I think it highlights the reason or maybe gives me an opportunity to
reiterate the balanced mix and the balanced approach that we have tried to take with our business. And
if I take you back to kind of late 2016, what we started talking about was an opportunity to shift about 5
points of our business out of move-up and into entry level, and you're starting to see the results in our
closed home mix from that effort. What that yields, just to give you some specific numbers. In the fourth
quarter, 43% of our sign-ups were from our move-up business. So it continues to be the largest piece
of our business. It's a very profitable piece of our business, and it carries kind of our flagship brand of
Pulte Homes. So we like how we're positioned. We have not abandoned it at all. Rather, I think we've more
appropriately shaped the size of that business to be reflective of the market opportunity. We think we've
also -- the counterbalance to that is that we think we've gotten better position to take advantage of the
first-time opportunity as well. Suffice it to say, we don't have all of our eggs in any one single basket, and
we like that.

Matthew Adrien Bouley
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. I appreciate that color. And then secondly, I wanted to ask on the SG&A side. You're guiding to
relatively flat leverage in 2020, maybe slight leverage at the midpoint, but obviously, you are set up well
from a backlog standpoint around revenue growth. I guess just there -- are there any other expenses,
there were some of the IT spending you were talking about last quarter that we should be aware of that
might prevent some of the kind of additional SG&A leverage?

Robert T. O’Shaughnessy
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Matt, it's Bob. We -- obviously, when you adjust for the current year, we come in around 10.8%. So
the range that we've given shows some -- even at the midpoint, some improvement over that. Certainly,
we've talked about over the last couple of years that we've been on a journey on the IT side, upgrades of
our systems. As those systems get put in place, we're actually starting to depreciate them now. So we've
got some costs associated with that. So really nothing new or unusual in that. It's really just being able to
leverage the increased scale of the business.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Mike Dahl from RBC Capital Markets.

Michael Glaser Dahl
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

I first wanted to start with a question around kind of pricing, power and the momentum in gross margins.
I think, Bob, you talked about the potential for margins to improve as the year goes on. I'm not sure if
that was still within the construct of the full year guidance that you're giving or suggesting that there
could be upside from there. But as a starting point, could you talk about just the pricing power that you've
seen, maybe if you can give kind of percentage of communities that you've been able to raise price? Any
sense of magnitude and how that compares year-on-year over the past few months?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

Robert T. O’Shaughnessy
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Mike, just to clarify, that improvement was included in the guide, not outside the guide. So that's just
reflecting that the range for the year actually goes a little bit higher than what we prepared for the first
quarter. In terms of pricing power, I think if you look at our ASP, during the quarter, it's roughly flat on an
aggregate basis, but you've actually got a decrease in the entry level, which is really a reflection of the
types of assets we're providing there. There's actually -- if there's any pricing -- real pricing power in the
market, I think it's there. And I think it has been for probably the last year or 2. We showed about 4%
up on the move-up and active adult. So I think there isn't a real substantive change in the product we're
delivering. So I think that gives you some insight into what the pricing power is around that. Mix always
matters where -- what markets it comes from all that. But on balance, I would say you've got more power
to price in the entry level, although they are price-sensitive. So there's a limit to how far you can push
that but we're seeing prices hold and go up a little bit in the balance of the business.

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Yes. And Mike, the only other thing that I'd add to that is, I think with the strength that you're seeing on
the volume side and we're starting to see some reduced inventory levels, I think, certainly, that would
create an environment where all of the builders will have more pricing power. The thing that, I think, you'll
see certainly us and all builders be cautious with is the affordability equation. We all saw what happened
kind of in the back half of '18 when affordability became challenged. And so pricing is one of the key
levers in that mix, and I think we want to pay attention to that.

Michael Glaser Dahl
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Okay. And the second question, just another follow-up on ICG. And Ryan, I appreciate that there are
some things that you don't want to get into in terms of the details. But I did want to press again on just
-- since you'll continue to have ICG serve its external customer base, what is the true differentiation to
Pulte of owning the assets? Is it just the firsthand learnings you've discussed? Or was this may be more of
a situation where you were an existing customer? And had you not taken this position, you could have lost
access to them as a supplier or any other dynamic at play that could just kind of explain why this ends up
being differentiating for you versus as others have questioned, just having this be more of a partnership,
but still a traditional kind of customer relationship.

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think the opportunity here, Mike, is really twofold. Number one, we see it as a great opportunity
to partner with the founders to speed up the innovation moving from the current version of frame shell
into some of the more advanced manufacturing techniques. So that's something that we've been talking
about. You've heard us talk about really for the last 2-or-so years that we think there's a tremendous
opportunity there. And then the other piece is, with 80% of our closings coming out of our commonly
managed plan portfolio, we see this opportunity really applying to other parts of our business besides
just what it's going to provide in the North Florida market. So that's something that we think working
with the founders of ICG, we can really benefit from other parts of the country. The biggest reason, Mike,
and I can't overemphasize this enough, this is about labor. We have been talking about labor shortages
in this industry for the last 10 years, give or take, there doesn't seem to be anything that's going to
structurally change the availability of labor. And so the only logical off ramp that we see to that is getting
more efficient. And one of the avenues that we think is the easiest or the most easily accessible off ramp
is to truly having a housing operation that can benefit from off-site production. And we see the unlock that
it gives us on the tight labor supply as a huge benefit.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of John Lovallo from Bank of America.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

John Lovallo
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

The first one on ICG. And I think this is an incredible opportunity. And frankly, we see it as the future of
homebuilding. So I think this is an excellent move on your part. But ICG looks like they have the ability
to deliver a complete, fully integrated off-site solution. I mean building information modeling, component
manufacturing, installations, et cetera. And it looks like that you're taking kind of more of a piecemeal
approach here just to start with some more prefab parts, and so instead of going for the full solution. So I
guess the question is, is this just being a little bit conservative on the onset here? And how quickly could
you kind of pivot in the Jacksonville market to really deliver a fully integrated off-site solution?

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

John, it's Ryan. We haven't given that level of detail yet. But I think what you highlight is what the real
opportunity is, and that's certainly what we're focused on. The -- as I mentioned in some of my prepared
remarks, the level of innovation that was existing inside of ICG is one of the things that made it really
attractive. So to your point, they have design services. We're manufacturing precision components. We've
got the ability to assemble those precision components with the on-site labor. And so the next logical step
is some incremental investment and then to kind of systematize in a way that you can do it in a volume-
type setting. And so that's what the opportunity is and certainly what we're squarely focused on.

John Lovallo
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe just more of a housekeeping item here. The gross margin in the
quarter, I think you guys had highlighted California incentives, warranty and inventory impairments. Any
way you can kind of bucket the impact in the quarter from each of those?

Robert T. O’Shaughnessy
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, I wouldn't because none of them are individually significant. If they were, we would have walked you
through them. Yes, I would characterize the total of it is being somewhere in the neighborhood of 40 basis
points of margin impact on the quarter.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Alan Ratner with the Zelman & Associates.

Alan S. Ratner
Zelman & Associates LLC

Congrats on the acquisition. My first one on ICG. Just here in your comments about some of the things
that were the future where you could see this going, and especially the closed panels with the windows
and the plumbing and the electrical, et cetera, already pre-installed. One thing that we typically hear from
builders is the reason why perhaps that hasn't become more mainstream is the very high transportation
costs associated with that, bringing those products to the job site as well as breakage. I mean I know
builders even back in the '80s and '90s were experimenting with that stuff, installing windows and things.
So is there anything that ICG has done that kind of has cracked the code to make that process more
efficient and affordable from a building perspective that the math actually makes sense now? Or is that
just something that you think you've got the right team in place to pursue that, but perhaps they're not
quite there yet?

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Alan, thanks for the question. I appreciate it. As we mentioned today, what's coming out of ICG or
the wall panels, the floor cassettes and manufactured trusses. We think there's an opportunity to go to
the closed wall panels, inclusive of windows, electrical, plumbing, et cetera. Work and investment has got

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

to be done on that. I think you highlight the challenge that applies to all our site manufacturing, not just
kind of the second stage and its transportation. And so what that means is that you've got to have enough
volume within a relatively close proximity such that the transportation costs don't offset the savings that
you get from building those components in a more efficient way. So work to be done, investment to be
done to figure that out. It has been done in other places, in other applications. And so we think that
the ability to do it is there. And then I think the next logical question is, well, why is this time going to
be different? And it goes back to the question that I answered a few back, which is labor. And we just
don't see labor rates going in a direction that will challenge the efficiencies that are gained from the
manufacturing environment, which has happened in the past. But because of what I think is going to be a
persistent shortage of labor, we really view this as a new opportunity to do something different.

Alan S. Ratner
Zelman & Associates LLC

Got it. That's helpful, Ryan. And second question, maybe for Bob. Just kind of thinking about the capital
allocation. Thinking at this point here, your net debt to cap is at the lowest level we've seen in many
years. And at the same time, buybacks decelerated this quarter and then for the year were down fairly
meaningfully from the prior few years. So how are you thinking about the balance sheet, the capital
allocation at this point? Is there another kind of use of that cash that's being earmarked at this point? Or
is it a function of where the stock price is? And any commentary you can give there.

Robert T. O’Shaughnessy
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, it's going to sound a little bit redundant and boring, but it's kind of the same playbook we've been
working from for the last several years. We pulled every lever. This year, we bought stock. We increased
our dividend. We retired some debt. We've invested in the business. We've indicated we'll be investing
more this year. Obviously, we've got an investment we just made in ICG. And I think you'll continue to
see all of those things be in our windshield. We obviously expect pretty strong cash generation in fiscal
'20. What we've highlighted and consistent with, I think is, we'll report the news on the share repurchase
activity. But I think any and all of those are still front of mind, but nothing new or different to report
beyond that.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Jack Micenko with SIG.

John Gregory Micenko
Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division

First one, a little bit bigger picture for Ryan. Thinking about this pivot towards the entry level, and it
seems that's maybe occurring a little bit faster than maybe you'd expected the success or the uptick.
On the entry-level side, you've got a real game of competition. You've got bare-bones product, you've
got everything included on the other end, and then somewhere between you've got build-to-order. I'm
curious how you see Pulte really positioning and competing in entry level from a product standpoint as
that business gets to be a bigger part of your mix.

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Jack, I appreciate the question. You're going to see us play on the higher end of the entry-level price
point. We have made some modifications to our typical build-to-order model, and you heard that in Bob's
prepared comments that the -- we are building more specs in that business to kind of meet the demand
that's there. And so you saw a little bit of an uptick in our specs as a percentage of total inventory. And
it's largely reflective of more specs in that entry-level business. We are limiting the choice within our
Centex model to drive some of the efficiencies that we are, in turn, passing on to the consumer, which
really creates the affordability and the value that this first-time buyer desires. So less choice, less ability
to customize, but you're getting a really nice home and a lot of home for the money. And we think that's
where the magic is. We'll continue to deliver the great customer experience, the high quality, the quality

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

location of community that I think all of our brands have been known for. I don't think you'll see -- well,
you won't see us probably go with the bare-bones model, the really small square-footage model. We just
don't think that's part of the offering that we give to the consumer.

John Gregory Micenko
Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division

Okay. And then in that 5 points of pivot given the uptake that you've seen. And I think last quarter, you
said that the margins in the entry were healthy or perhaps than the move-up. Does that 5-point number
expand? Are you leaving the door open for that to expand? Or are you going to say, hey, look, we want to
be a balanced business, and 1/3 of the book is all we really want on the entry side?

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Jack, I think the over -- the key message that I'd emphasize is we want to balance business. I think
you'll see it maybe it may go down a few points, it may go up a few points as opportunities arise. Our
overall focus is going to continue to be to drive through cycle return on investment within the residential
housing space. And so as we see trends emerge, we'll certainly take opportunities where they present
themselves. But with the focus on being more balanced, I don't think you're going to see us place outsized
bets in anticipation of some future trend. So we're pretty close to probably where we want to be is
probably the message that I'd leave with you.

And as far as margins go, to your other question, we like the margin profile that we're getting out of the
entry-level space. They're attractive margins, and it's really reflective of what Bob shared, which is that's
the place where we've seen the ability to get some price expansion. What I would emphasize, Jack, to
the comment I made a minute ago about our focus is on return. We really look at the underwriting of that
business is the same as we look at move-up and the same as we look at active adult. So certainly, gross
margins are part of the story, but the real prize is return on invested capital, and we look at all of our
consumer segments the same when it comes to return.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Ken Zener with KeyBanc.

Kenneth Robinson Zener
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

So your entry level a few years ago, people were so concerned around the Del Webb. You seem to be
putting that to rest. My question is this, if you're moving in entry because that's where demand is, it
makes sense, you're building more spec homes, why is that approach given your hesitancy to do it on in
other categories, what is the risk-return that you're seeing there? Is it because you're controlling more
labor like some other builders have talked to? Is it that -- what is it that gets you over that risk profile that
you have for your other categories in short?

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Ken, it's Ryan. Risk is just part of it. It's really about value in the eyes of the consumer. And so
as we've looked at what the consumer is willing to pay for, we believe that we're more efficient, more
profitable and manage risk better with the move-up and active adult buyer, when they get the opportunity
to choose the things that they value. And that's part of our strategic pricing model that has contributed to
the margin profile that we have today that we're very proud of. We think with this entry-level consumer,
they value different things, and affordability and access is probably the biggest driver. And so by limiting
the amount of choice that we give, building a few more specs, having those homes quicker to deliver
because this buyer, in theory, is coming out of an apartment, they just operate on a little bit different
buying cycle than our move-up in our active adult buyer. And so it's less about risk and more about
maximizing value and given the consumer the things that they want and need.

Kenneth Robinson Zener

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

I understood. I think it's a good move. Second question, could you expand a little bit since you mentioned
it, the gross margin drag in California. Could you just talk about it being north, south, coastal, inland, et
cetera, just to give us your perspective since that was something you called out specifically?

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Ken, I think California as a whole, it's been no secret, has been a drag and has had -- it's been a
tougher selling environment for really the last 12 months, south and north, coastal and inland. In order
of severity, I think Northern California Coastal probably being the hardest hit and the slowest. It also
happens to be the place where we're starting to see some strength start to come back into the market.
And so we're cautiously optimistic as we've got a very strong business or a nicely positioned business in
Northern California and the Bay Area, in particular. So probably the drag more on discounts and incentives
that had to be -- that were given to continue to sell homes in Northern California over the last 12 months.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Truman Patterson with Wells Fargo.

Truman Andrew Patterson
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

First, just wanted to follow-up on the move-up market, get a little bit more color on that. Our field
research recently has revealed a healthy move-up market, which I'll just say has been ahead of our
expectations, quite frankly. But what do you really think is driving that? Is it lower rates kind of breaking
up the prior rate lock? Are you starting to see the leading edge of the millennials purchase and earnest in
the move-up market? Really, what do you think is driving that improvement?

Robert T. O’Shaughnessy
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think like everything else, it is the health of the economy, first and foremost. So you've got wage
inflation, you have relatively slower price appreciation there. Rate certainly helps if it's benefiting. So
all those things coupled together, one of the earlier questions talked about sort of the big move for a lot
of the builders to the entry level, which has, to a degree, pinned out the competitive sets of supply, is
in pretty good shape, both from a new build perspective. And we've got a healthy supply in just about
every market where we're operating today in terms of days on market for resale, which is our biggest
competitor. So I think all those things together have lent themselves to a pretty nice business for us, 29%
absorption increase, 4% price appreciation is pretty nice. So we like the business, I -- apparently what
Ryan said earlier, it's the reason we're not making a big bet one way or the other, we think, through time,
being able to serve in each of the markets where we operate, the set of consumers that are there. And it's
going to be different, for instance, in some parts of Florida than what it is in some parts of the Midwest,
right? So that we're looking at each market and investing to serve a balanced portfolio in the market
where we're operating.

Truman Andrew Patterson
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. Okay. I absolutely agree with that. On the cost inflation outlook for 2020. I know you guys
mentioned 1% stick and brick was likely to occur, what you were expecting. Could you just break up your
outlook for land, labor and materials? And whether or not you think this accelerates versus 2019?

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Yes. It's interesting. On the land side, it's a competitive market. You've heard us say this before, it always
is. I think you'll see certain parts of the country and certain asset classes be more competitive than

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

others. But I think we're going to see continued land pressure. We see it in the land coming through and
closing today. And I don't think land is on sale.

In terms of labor and materials. On the material side, we've got a little bit of a tailwind in the first half
of the year, reflective of the decreasing price of lumber and lumber package in the back half of last year,
which will affect our closings now. But we've seen lumber tick up a little bit, not bad, but a little bit. So we
think that will moderate through the year. All the other real -- other than concrete, which is always local to
a market, we see a pretty benign material inflation rate.

Labor is, as you've heard us talk about, and the reason for the ICG investment is always a little bit of a
wildcard, it's been better the last 12 months. And so our expectation is that we don't see a lot of pressure
on labor rate, that's going to vary by market. But obviously, we think about 1% up overall. Once again,
that's going to largely be labor just given the way the materials market is behaving.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Carl Reichardt with BTIG.

Carl Edwin Reichardt
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

Jack and Truman got a couple of mines. So I just have one for you. With move-ups looking better, first-
time mix has moved that way that the old cruise ship Del Webb stuff has kind of come off. I'm curious
what you're thinking about inventory turns next couple of 3 years, how important that metric is to you?
You turned about your inventory about one time a year by my numbers. Are you expecting that to pick up
meaningfully? And how important is that metric to you all as a driver of return?

Ryan R. Marshall
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Carl. Look, it's a big driver of return. And so I think the way that we look at inventory turns is
breaking down, what do you get on the house side? And what do we get on the land side, with 80-some-
odd percent of our balance sheet being inland, that's the lever that can really move the needle on overall
inventory turns. And it's a big reason why you've heard us talk about doing shorter-duration land deals
with more options because it drives right at the heart of the inventory turn equation. So the hope would
be that we can continue to grow that. As we roll in more options, as we roll off some of the cruise ship Del
Webbs that you mentioned, we'd look for opportunity to accelerate our land inventory turn.

On the house side, that's a balance between really cycle time, how much labor is available and delivering
a high-quality product. And I think it's another reason why we've made the investment in ICG is because it
speaks to all of those. You've got an opportunity to build with more precise components that aren't sitting
out in the rain and the snow. You've got the ability of the BIM modeling and some of the technology that
factors into that. And we think we can cut cycle time as well. So we think there's an opportunity to kind of
pull all of the levers there with more efficient labor, higher-quality materials being more cost-efficient. So
we think there's a lot of goodness.

Operator

And ladies and gentlemen, that's all the questions -- time for questions that we have today. So I'd like to
turn the call back to Jim Zeumer for some closing remarks.

James P. Zeumer
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

Great. We appreciate everybody's time this morning. We're certainly available over the remainder of the
day though for any follow-up questions, and we look forward to speaking with you on our next call.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

PULTEGROUP, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

