Prologis, Inc. NYSE:PLD
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, April 21, 2020 4:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.42

Revenue  (mm)

801.54

0.70

878.81

66.67

9.64

0.60

1.98

2.19

886.61

3568.57

3759.06

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-21-2020 3:48 PM GMT

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.33

0.50

0.41

0.42

0.60

0.71

0.61

0.70

81.82 %

42.00 %

48.78 %

66.67 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
PROLOGIS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Christopher N. Caton
Senior VP & Global Head of
Research

Eugene F. Reilly
Chief Investment Officer

Eric Joel Frankel
Green Street Advisors, LLC,
Research Division

James Colin Feldman
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Hamid R. Moghadam
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Jason Daniel Green
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Michael S. Curless
Chief Customer Officer

Thomas S. Olinger
Chief Financial Officer

Tracy A. Ward
Senior Vice President of
Investor Relations & Corporate
Communications

Unknown Executive

ANALYSTS

Blaine Matthew Heck
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

John William Guinee
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Jonathan Michael Petersen
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Ki Bin Kim
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey,
Inc., Research Division

Michael Albert Carroll
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Michael Jason Bilerman
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Craig Allen Mailman
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Robert Jeremy Metz
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

David Bryan Rodgers
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Sumit Sharma
Scotiabank Global Banking and
Markets, Research Division

Derek Charles Johnston
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Emmanuel Korchman
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Vikram Malhotra
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

William Thomas Catherwood
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

PROLOGIS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to the Prologis Q1 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Mariama, and I'll be your operator for
today's call. [Operator Instructions] Also note, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the
call over to Tracy Ward. Tracy, you may begin.

Tracy A. Ward
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

Thanks, Mariama, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter 2020 earnings conference
call. The supplemental document is available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. I'd
like to state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under federal securities laws.
These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the market and the
industry in which Prologis operates as well as management's beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of performance and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of
factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K or SEC
filings, additionally, our first quarter results press release and supplemental do contain financial measures
such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures. And in accordance with Reg G, we've provided a
reconciliation to those measures. This morning, we'll hear from Gene Reilly, our Chief Investment Officer,
who will comment on real-time market conditions; and Tom Olinger, our CFO, who will cover results and
guidance. Hamid Moghadam, Gary Anderson, Chris Caton, Mike Curless, Ed Nekritz, Colleen McKeown and
Tim Arndt are also here with us today.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Gene, and, Gene, will you please begin?

Eugene F. Reilly
Chief Investment Officer

Thanks, Tracy. We appreciate everyone joining us today, and we hope you and yours are all well. We're
glad to report that our teams are healthy and working productively on a remote basis. Our first quarter
was very strong in all parts of the business, and Tom will cover these details. I'm going to focus on what
we are seeing right now and our outlook for the year.

While we are just 30 to 90 days into the COVID economy, we are seeing short-term effects play out very
differently across our customer industry sectors. At this time, roughly 60% of our customers are growing
and 40% are shrinking. Next week, Chris Caton will be issuing his fourth COVID white paper, specifically
on this topic of customer demand segmentation. At the extreme ends of the spectrum, categories like food
and beverage and consumer staples have sales up significantly, and conversely clothing, sporting goods
and home furnishings are all down sharply.

Our customers in contraction are going through a short-term shock, some will recover fairly quickly,
others face a longer transition to normalcy, and unfortunately, certain businesses will not survive. At the
same time, the pandemic has led to significant growth for the industries I mentioned, serving the stay-
at-home economy, and we continue to experience elevated e-commerce demand, a 40% share of new
leasing versus 23% pre crisis. With the benefit of customer dialogue and applied research, we factored in
tailwinds and headwinds to arrive at our revised 2020 earnings guidance. Our portfolio quality, customer
composition and balance sheet strength are mitigating the headwinds, and our disciplined efforts to
dispose of $15 billion of nonstrategic assets over the past several years, that is paying dividends today.

Turning to the long-term impacts, we believe some of the changes brought on by the pandemic will be
durable. COVID is very likely to accelerate a share shift from brick-and-mortar to e-commerce retail. We
also believe the growing importance of safety stock will lead to higher global inventory levels over time.
These trends will increase demand for logistics real estate in the long term, but will also have a positive
effect on 2020 activity, and we're already seeing this. Chris and his team have updated our forecast for
logistics real estate market fundamentals and now expect the following for full year 2020.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

PROLOGIS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

In the U.S., supply will total 225 million square feet, an 18% year-over-year decline. U.S. net absorption
will total 100 million square feet, the lowest level since 2010, and a 55% year-over-year decline, driving
the vacancy rate up 90 basis points to 5.4%.

Europe will have similar reductions in the supply and demand, resulting in a 130 basis point vacancy rate
increase to 5.2%.

Japan's vacancy rate will increase from a record low of 1.4% to 2.8%.

In summary, occupancies in all geographies will decline, but also in the year at very healthy levels
historically.

Our proprietary leasing data shows that the spike in leasing activities we witnessed in March and talked to
you all about a couple of weeks ago, has settled down. We are now seeing volumes generally in line with
historical trends. Forward-looking data continues to be encouraging. During the last 30 days, we've signed
198 leases amounting to 17.5 million square feet. That's up 21% year-over-year and roughly flat adjusted
for portfolio size. Our lease proposal generations are up 21% year-over-year.

Lease negotiation gestation periods for new leases have declined by about 14 days year-over-year.
And retention was just over 80%, a couple of hundred basis points higher than comparable historical
periods. After slicing the data in several different ways, we see 3 clear themes at this point. First, essential
consumer product sectors are driving the demand. Second, e-commerce is driving demand across
industry sectors; and third, our larger customers are faring much better than smaller customers in this
environment.

Now an update on rent relief requests. Growth has slowed here. And to date, we have received requests
representing 4.3% of gross annual rent. Of these requests, 70% were not granted, 23% remain under
review, and 7% have been granted in the form of rent deferral loans, representing 27 basis points of gross
annual rent and an average of about 33 days of rent per customer.

As mentioned on our last call, this relief is targeted at our smaller customers with legitimate need
stemming from COVID and not for opportunistic requests. We believe the total rent deferral loans granted
will eventually amount to about 90 basis points of gross annual rent, with these loans scheduled for
repayment over the remainder of 2020.

Turning to the strategic capital business, our investors remain very positive on the logistics real estate
sector. As noted on our last call, the vast majority of redemptions to date were in progress prior to
COVID-19, and there appears to be good secondary market interest for some portion of the redemption
activity. But to date, we have seen no trades on the secondary market.

Next, I'd like to provide some context for the updated capital deployment guidance Tom will detail in a
moment. This guidance assumes virtually no incremental activity in acquisitions, dispositions, speculative
development or contributions. Rather than speculate on future market conditions, we are guiding to
volumes that have largely been accomplished already. Most of the volume predicted between now and
the year-end is build-to-suit activity, where the pipeline remains active with multiple leases signed post
COVID actually. We continue to work closely with customers and municipalities on 30 ongoing projects in
14 markets. Construction continues on 22 of these projects with 8 having been halted by local authorities.
And to date, we have yet to stop a project at the request of a customer.

While our current leasing data is holding up very well, and we see extremely encouraging trends with
e-commerce leasing, we are planning on a reduced demand environment through the end of 2020.
We will have opportunities to serve our customer segments in expansion mode, and we will need to
support others not so fortunate. We expect to serve as a reliable alternative for build-to-suit customers,
take advantage of investment opportunities as they emerge and manage our strategic capital vehicles
prudently and opportunistically in this environment.

And with that, I'll turn it over to Tom.

Thomas S. Olinger

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

PROLOGIS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Gene. First and foremost, I want to echo Gene's introductory comments and wish you and your
families the best of health during these challenging times. I'll briefly discuss Q1 and then take you through
our updated guidance.

Starting with results, core FFO for the first quarter was $0.83 a share, which was in line with our pre-
COVID expectations. We did recognize an expense of $5 million in the quarter or a little less than $0.01
per share related to our donation to the Prologis Foundation for COVID-19 relief efforts. During the
quarter, we completed the acquisition and integration for both the IPT and Liberty portfolios. We hit our
synergy targets, and both portfolios are performing well and in line with our expectations. We leased 34.7
million square feet in the quarter with ending occupancy of 95.5%, down 100 basis points sequentially as
expected. Rent change on rollover remained strong at 25% and was led by the U.S. at 31%. Our share of
cash same-store NOI growth was 4.6%, which was about 30 basis points above our forecast. Same-store
average occupancy for the quarter was 85 basis points lower year-over-year, again consistent with our
expectations.

As of yesterday, we've collected 85% of April rent, which is in 1% of our normal pace. Rent due dates
vary by country and about 5% of our rent isn't due until the back half of the month. As Gene noted, we've
granted $18 million in rent deferrals, $9 billion (sic) [$9 million] of which relates to April. All granted
deferrals are structured to be repaid in 2020.

For deployment, we started $300 million in new development projects, which were 85% pre-leased.
Stabilizations were $690 million with an estimated margin of 39% and value creation of $270 million.
Additionally, we realized more than $280 million in development gains through early April.

Looking to the balance sheet, we entered this crisis in a position of strength, with significant liquidity and
borrowing capacity. Liquidity at quarter end was $4.6 billion, and we have cleared out our debt maturities
until 2022. The combined leverage capacity of Prologis and our open-ended vehicles at levels in line with
current ratings, is well over $10 billion.

Turning to guidance for 2020. Our approach is two fold: first, to exercise prudence; and second, use a
broader range of outcomes given the uncertainty. While the full economic impact is difficult to quantify,
our guidance assumes reduced demand into the third quarter with the operating environment beginning to
recover towards the end of the year.

Here are the key components of our guidance on our share basis. Our cash same-store NOI, we are
decreasing the midpoint by 225 basis points and now expect growth to range between 1.75% and
3.25%. The decrease in the midpoint assumes average occupancy will be down 100 basis points and
range between 94.5% and 95.5%. We expect retention to increase about 500 basis points and be in the
mid-70% range. We're estimating bad debt expense to range between 100 and 150 basis points of gross
revenues. The midpoint of 125 basis points compares to 20 basis points of bad debt expense embedded in
our prior guidance. It's important to note this bad debt midpoint is on an annual basis, which means we've
reserved a much higher percentage based on the remaining 2020 revenue, particularly if our positive cash
collection trends continue.

As we discussed in our call earlier this month, our bad debt expense peaked at 56 basis points during
the GFC. At the midpoint, our annual guidance for bad debt is more than double that historical high and
almost 3x that level at the upper end of the range, again on an annualized basis. As Gene mentioned, we
believe rent deferrals granted will amount to about 90 basis points, While we expect these deferrals to
be repaid, we have factored in the potential for credit loss with the deferrals as well as elsewhere in the
portfolio.

We have included the impact of downtime resulting from potential bad debt in our occupancy forecast.
We're assuming no rent growth for the remainder of the year. Rents for leases signed since March 1 have
been about 200 basis points ahead of our expectations, while rents for leases signed in the first 2 months
of this year were about 100 basis points better. We expect rent change to be in the mid-20% range. And
keep in mind, our in-place-to-market rent spread is currently approximately 15%.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

PROLOGIS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Our strategic capital, we expect revenue, excluding promotes, to range between $345 million and $355
million, down $5 million due to lower forecasted deployment by our funds. We are maintaining our net
promote income for the full year of $0.15 per share based on quarter end valuations. The vast majority of
the 2020 promote revenue will be recognized in the second quarter.

For net G&A, we're forecasting a range between $270 million and $280 million, down $5 million at the
midpoint. Our G&A for the year is down about $10 million due primarily to lower T&E, offset by the $5
million contribution to the foundation.

From a foreign currency standpoint, we continue to be extremely well insulated from FX movements
through the next 3 years, and our U.S. dollar net equity is over 95%. As Gene mentioned, we stopped all
new speculate development and have halted construction on many spec projects that had recently started.
We now expect development starts for the year to range between $500 million and $800 million, with
build-to-suits comprising more than 70% of this volume.

The cost to complete our active development pipeline is currently $1.6 billion.

For acquisitions, dispositions and contributions guidance, while not our expectation, we are simply
forecasting no incremental activity other than a few transactions currently under contract. Our net
deployment uses, we're now projecting $200 million at the midpoint, down $450 million from our prior
guidance. The net deployment changes had a minimal impact on earnings given the timing of that activity.

Taking these assumptions into account, we are lowering our 2020 core FFO guidance midpoint by $0.11.
We now expect a range between $3.55 and $3.65 per share, which includes $0.15 of net promote income.
We believe we've approached the forecast quite conservatively with no assumption reasonably made more
severe given what we know today. We have limited role, dramatically reduced deployment and a reserve
for bad debt in multiples of the GFC.

And even with that, year-over-year growth at the midpoint, excluding promotes, remained strong at over
10%, all while keeping leverage flat. We continue to maintain significant dividend coverage at 1.5x, and
our 2020 guidance implies a payout ratio in the mid-60% range.

Longer term, we feel more positive about our business given the emergence of 2 new structural demand
drivers. First, there will be a need for more inventory of supply chain to emphasize resiliency over
efficiency; and second, an acceleration of e-commerce adoption.

In closing, 2020 will be a tough year for many. However, despite the uncertainty, Prologis is very well
prepared. We enter this unprecedented time with the healthiest fundamentals on record, an extremely
well positioned portfolio, a significant in-place to market rent spread and a strong balance sheet.
And with that, I'll turn it back to the operator for your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

PROLOGIS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Jeremy Metz with BMO.

Robert Jeremy Metz
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Gene, you gave some good high-level color here at the start. I was just wondering if you could break it
down a little further here in terms of what you're seeing or if you foresee any outside impact from any
particular region or city, big box or small box, infill or secondary markets. Maybe just a little color what
you're seeing across those channels, what your expectations are? And then as a follow-up question,
outside the same-store pool, are your occupancy and bad debt assumptions similar for the recent
portfolios you closed, Liberty, in particular?

Eugene F. Reilly
Chief Investment Officer

Okay. I'll -- Jeremy, I may have Tom comment on the last question. But in terms of the sort of the
composition of what's happening on the demand front, I mean, I'll tell you, it's really more industry
segment and size segment than any particular geography. Obviously, our Houston operation is facing
headwinds from both COVID and plummeting oil prices. So that's our toughest market right now. But
otherwise, the industry segments I mentioned are strongest. And clearly, in this environment, smaller
customers are having a tougher time than larger.

And with respect to the -- one of the market I'd probably throw in there is Atlanta, which, in Atlanta, we
actually have a fairly high percentage of smaller customers as well.

So Tom, I don't know if you want to take the...

Thomas S. Olinger
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, Jeremy. On the -- from a bad debt perspective, we looked at the portfolio across the entire stack. We
look by industry, the customer composition, and we looked at it consistently across the entire portfolio. So
we don't see anything unique about any of our recently acquired portfolios.

Operator

Your next question comes from Manny Korchman with Citi.

Emmanuel Korchman
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

It might be too early to be asking about 2021, but just given the sort of slowdown in pace or trajectory
in '20, how do we think about your 2021 growth and how that's going to sort of either slow or maybe
rebound quicker as we sit today?

Eugene F. Reilly
Chief Investment Officer

I think our business is going to be somewhat slower before the vaccine and much higher after the vaccine.
So you tell me when the vaccine is going to come through, which is the real permanent solution, and I'll
tell you how that mix is going to work for the year.

Operator

Your next question comes from Jamie Feldman with Bank of America.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

PROLOGIS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

James Colin Feldman
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I was hoping you could focus a little bit more on the smaller tenant discussion. I mean what have you
seen in terms of government stimulus being able to actually help out those tenants? Just maybe some
more color in terms of how bad is it really for small versus large? And what are the factors you guys are
watching to see if they can get help or they're not going to get help or just as much color as you can
provide would be great?

Eugene F. Reilly
Chief Investment Officer

So Jamie, let me first make a distinction. Smaller tenants don't necessarily mean smaller companies that
occupy those spaces. So you've got to distinguish between the mom-and-pops and smaller locations for
creditworthy company. So not all small tenants are under pressure. Secondly, the -- if you're a contractor
or a supplier to residential construction or some kind of an auto-related use, for sure, your business is
down, and you're going to be struggling in this environment. Too soon to tell how the government support
is going to help. But at least on the levels of support that we've talked about so far, I don't think it fully
replaces the revenue and the margins that they've lost during this period. But I can tell you, a lot of the
demand for their products is deferred demand. And if they can make it through this crisis, I think they'll be
the beneficiary of the spring back on the other side of this. So tough to tell. The stimulus has been in place
for a little less than 2 weeks.

But also, the other thing I would say is that there is a ton of monetary stimulus on top of the fiscal
stimulus that's come in. So -- and the attitude that I see with the banking system this time around
because the banks are -- and you guys, by the way, would know better than I would because you work for
a lot of banks, but the banks are oftentimes -- well, they're certainly better capitalized. And people seem
to be much more cooperative in terms of working with their customers by accommodating them because
everybody realizes that this is not anybody's problem. It's something that happened differently. This is
a definite change in attitude with the government, fiscal, monetary, and with the banking system that's
distributing the funds. So I think they're going to work with their customers, including the smaller ones,
but some of them, unfortunately, won't make it.

Operator

Your next question comes from Vikram Malhotra with Morgan Stanley.

Vikram Malhotra
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Two quick ones really. Just 1 on the bad debt that you've baked in. Can you just clarify, have you seen any
bad debt in the first quarter? And can you talk about the second quarter? And then just second question
on market rent growth. You referenced baking in no rent growth. I just want to clarify, was -- are you
referring to market rent growth in 2020? And just give us a little bit more color maybe by major regions?

Eugene F. Reilly
Chief Investment Officer

Let me pick up on the rent growth question, and then I'll pitch it over to Tom for the first part of your
question on credit loss.

Let me give you the facts on rent growth. Rent growth in January and February were 100 basis points
higher than what we had projected for those specific spaces. Rent growth for March, surprisingly, was 200
basis points higher than what we had projected for those spaces. So, so far, we haven't seen evidence of
rental decline or deceleration in growth. However, we've assumed that in the forecast that Tom shared
with you because absent perfect information, you got to be conservative with respect to rental growth
forecast. So those are 2 specific data points. The third data point I'll give you is that we have projected
certain grants for the 2 acquired portfolios, IPT and LPT. And in both cases, the spaces that we've rolled

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

PROLOGIS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

over have been on the range of 4% to 5% higher rents than we had forecast for those portfolios late last
year when we underwrote them. Tom, do you want to talk about the credit loss?

Thomas S. Olinger
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So on bad debt experience in the first quarter, we saw write-offs of 25 basis points. And in April,
we've seen nothing unusual. As I talked about, our April collections are trending normally, as did March.
And as I mentioned, we're conservative here by almost any measure you can look at on the bad debt. And
we're reserved appropriately to cover a really severe downside on the AR side.

Operator

Your next question comes from Blaine Heck with Wells Fargo.

Blaine Matthew Heck
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

So you guys mentioned that you guys are moving forward with the 30 build-to-suits under construction.
Are there other build-to-suits that might have been in the plan to start construction later this year? And if
so, can you talk about the probability of those continuing as planned as well? And whether there are any
kind of renegotiations happening on those with respect to the rent side of the equation?

Michael S. Curless
Chief Customer Officer

Blaine, it's Mike Curless. Yes, the 30 build-to-suits are well underway. We haven't heard anything from
any customers to say differently. So that is a very good sign. And in terms of the prospect list, I would say
it's a bit shorter in number, but the people on that list are as active as ever. E-commerce is a big driver
of those. You've read a lot about Amazon's activity across the board. We've seen -- signed leases this
year in order of magnitude. We've signed 10 leases this year compared to 7 this time last year. And 3 of
those, as Gene mentioned, came in the last several weeks. So there's a bunch of good signs with respect
to the underpinning of e-commerce relative to build-to-suit. There is -- I'm not seeing any renegotiations
underway. And we have really good opportunities for tailwind here given the lack of spec that you're going
to see in the marketplace. So I'd say the prospect list is naturally a bit shorter, but pretty robust, and
we're optimistic about the build-to-suit activity this year.

Operator

Your next question comes from Jason Green with Evercore.

Jason Daniel Green
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Just a question on bad debt guidance. On the business update call, you mentioned that bad debt could
trend as high as 100 basis points and now guidance incorporates 125 basis points at the midpoint. I
know those are similar figures, but just curious if you saw anything in the last few weeks that made that
estimate trend higher.

Unknown Executive

No. Just let me clarify. We did not actually guide on bad debt in any way, and we were very careful to drive
the distinction between operating performance and any kind of financial guidance. The number that we
talked about -- that 100 basis points on that call, is the equivalent of the 90 basis points that Gene talked
about. That is the forecast amount of total rent that is going to be subject to deferral. That is a related,
but just -- but not the same concept as a write-off because we fully expect, obviously, the ones that we
have deferred to make good on that deferral. Now a portion of them will probably default and a portion of
the ones that didn't ask for a deferment could default. So the 90 basis points of deferral is very different
than the 125 basis points on average of credit loss.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

PROLOGIS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

The other thing I want to make sure you understand is that the 125 basis points is applied across the year.
And certainly, as you heard from Tom, the first quarter was 20 basis points, and we know what that was.
So we're carrying another 100 basis points of room from the first quarter into future quarters, and we've
got 125 basis points to start with across the whole year.

So the amount that we have reserved for anything that could default is significantly higher than what
appears on the surface. Let me be even more specific. Not all tenants are going to default. That are going
to default are going to default on April 1. If they default, they're likely to default during the course of the
year. So on average, they're going to default in July, if you just ratably divide it. Which means, on that
basis alone, we're almost 3x the actual number covered for default risk and default outcomes. And another
way you can get at it is that in the global financial crisis, the total written off debt averaged 56 basis
points annually. And the midpoint this time around is 125 basis points for the remaining -- more than 125
basis points for the remaining 3 quarters, significantly higher. So we've got a scenario multiples of times of
the global financial crisis factored in.

Operator

Your next question comes from Craig Mailman with KeyBanc Capital Markets.

Craig Allen Mailman
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Just 2 quick ones here. Just curious, any of the rent deferral requests from tenants that paid April but are
worried about being able to pay May? And then just separately, maybe for Chris, you kind of put out 100
-- or you put out your net absorption figures and construction figures this year. Just as we think about '21,
I know you're giving guidance, but do you think the slowdown in deliveries in '21 and maybe the rebound
in absorption could result in a better-than-expected snapback in '21?

Hamid R. Moghadam
Chairman of the Board & CEO

I do. I don't know what Chris thinks. But again, snapback is not going to happen until everybody's got the
all-clear signal on the health front.

And by the way, everybody talks about the government, when are they going to put the people back to
work and open up the country for business and all these demonstrations that we see, that's got nothing
to do with it. Even if they open up the place for business, a lot of people will have to go back to work and
will, but a lot of people who don't have to go to work, won't. So I don't think the government action is
going to be the trigger for that. I think the all clear is going to have to come from the health front.

Christopher N. Caton
Senior VP & Global Head of Research

Exactly right. And I think -- let me just finish up the answer here, which is -- Hamid has already given
you a view on the demand, but it's also important to remember a view on supply. Right now, in the
marketplace, we are seeing projects delayed or not started, and that can have a material impact on the
outlook for deliveries in 2021.

Operator

Your next question comes from Tom Catherwood with BTIG.

William Thomas Catherwood
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

Tom, you mentioned that customers are focusing on resiliency over efficiency now. How do you see this
playing out? And kind of how are you positioning your portfolio and investments or build-to-suit activity to
assist either with the shift or in order to take part in this shift?

Thomas S. Olinger
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

PROLOGIS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Tom, so I think our portfolio is already positioned to capture that activity, number one, just given the
proximity of portfolio to the consumption base. And as we see the acceleration -- further acceleration long-
term of e-commerce trends, I think we are right there to capture that. And then on the resiliency versus
efficiency comment, it's clear customers will carry more inventory to protect themselves against future
shocks. We'll see that, and they're going to want that inventory close to their consumption base, right, to
meet consumer demands for delivery times. So I think our portfolio today is positioned, and we're going to
continue to build out our land bank and further solidify our portfolio.

Operator

Your next question comes from Jon Petersen with Jefferies.

Jonathan Michael Petersen
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

I think about 6 weeks ago or so, you guys announced a share buyback program. Just curious, given public
perception around share backs and landlords for that matter, do you think it makes sense to buy back
even if the stock price does fall substantially? And then if I could sneak in a second unrelated question.
I'm just curious what social distancing might mean for some of the different industries in your space.
Obviously, some users have very few people in the facilities at any one time, while maybe....

Eugene F. Reilly
Chief Investment Officer

I'm sorry, I think you cut off, but I get the gist of your question. On social distancing, I think there are
certain categories of our customers that their businesses will continue to suffer like the people servicing
the convention trade and hospitality, I think -- or airlines. I think those businesses will continue to suffer.
If you mean what does it mean in terms of the actual occupants of our buildings, the people who work
in our buildings? The most people-intensive operations that we have are the e-commerce players. And
you have read the same things I have about Amazon and other e-commerce players and some of the
controversy that's been out there. But I think those companies have been very responsible, actually, in
terms of, not only providing a lot of employment during this difficult time, but also having a lot of controls
in terms of checking people's temperature. And now I understand they're going to go to some pretty
regular testing, serology testing. So I think they're doing the best they can to actually get people back to
business, so you and I can actually get our groceries and other things. And I actually commend them for
that.

With respect to the share buyback program, we did buy back $35 million of stock when the stock got
into the 60s. And we felt that, that was a very, very significant discount to NAV, and it was a compelling
opportunity. And to be honest with you, after doing that, I changed my mind, and I thought the perception
of that is not going to be great. So we took all the profits that we made there, and our intention is to put
all those profits back into the Prologis Foundation. And it was a pretty substantial amount of profit. So I
think, actually, we're going to do some good with it going forward. But we hadn't -- I hadn't fully thought
through the perception of it and -- but we made some money, and we're going to spend it for a good
cause.

Operator

Your next question comes from Nick Yulico with Scotiabank.

Sumit Sharma
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

This is Sumit for Nick. Just a quick question on short-term leasing and lease terminations, actually. So
lease terminations, while still small, have almost doubled as a percent of revenue this quarter versus Q1
last year and versus the last quarter, that is Q4 2019. So just trying to understand, besides the bad debt
and all that, just trying to understand what you're -- kind of what are you seeing in terms of tenant or
markets that are seeing elevated levels of terminations? Any color would be useful.

Thomas S. Olinger
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

PROLOGIS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Chief Financial Officer

Yes, this is Tom, Sumit. On the lease termination, there's nothing unique. They're episodic. And what we
saw in Q1 was not particularly unusual. It was just related to a tenant's needs, and we help them out in
another space as well. There were a couple like that. So it's episodic. There's no trending that we see with
termination fees being foreshadowing any other type of activity. I just don't see it.

Eugene F. Reilly
Chief Investment Officer

So the only thing I would add to Tom's answer is that it's a 1 billion square foot portfolio. And in our
business, unlike the office business, there's not a lot of lease termination fee anyway. So it's one of those
things where a very small number could have increased by a large percentage, and it's still a very small
number. And those things move around by very specific decisions. Keep in mind, we have 15% spread to
market. And that spread, if anything, is still there and maybe has expanded a little bit. So sometimes the
lease terminations are an opportunity for us to make some money on buying out a tenant and actually
make some more money by releasing the space. So lease terminations are not necessarily bad in our
business and they're miniscule in the scale of the portfolio.

And I apologize if we don't remember every single one of them. We have over 8,000 leases.

Operator

Your next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust.

Ki Bin Kim
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

So first question, can you just talk about your risk to -- or your exposure to at-risk tenant's fee or
industries? And the second, just taking a step back, if I put your comments about rent spreads and market
rents being flat, putting it all together, it kind of seems a little bit optimistic given what's going on, on the
macro front. So what am I missing from your views, is it really the kind of tenant-by-tenant leasing that
you're doing that gives you confidence in that or something else?

Eugene F. Reilly
Chief Investment Officer

Well, first of all, I don't think I gave you a forecast for market ramp. I was very careful to tell you -- let
me tell you actually what has happened. And I distinguished between the activity in January and February,
which was up 1% compared to our expectations versus March, that was up 2%. But our forecast don't
incorporate rents going up, we basically push that out for the balance of this year. And as someone else
pointed out, we haven't issued guidance for next year. But we do think there's going to be a snapback
next year that's going to result in rent growth. If you were going to ask me right now, it's not a fully baked
idea.

So our official view on rent growth is that it's flat for the year, and we've already had some rent growth.
So you can think of it as a slight decline or something. But we're not smart enough to be able to forecast
those things with precision. The good news is that market rent growth has very little to do with our
numbers in the near future. We have only 8% of the space that rolls over, and we have a 15% mark-to-
market and a greater amount on the ones that roll over this year. So really what drives rent and operating
results is the mark-to-market and the small percentage of rollover. So I don't think it's going to be a big
deal.

Operator

And your next question comes from Eric Frankel with Green Street Advisors.

Eric Joel Frankel
Green Street Advisors, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

PROLOGIS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Just 2 quick questions. Do you have an economic forecast that underlies your operating guidance this
year? And then just regarding kind of the safety stock and inventory resilience seen, have you talked with
any customers in specific industries that have brought this up? Or is this kind of your assumption just
based on your experience or your internal data?

Eugene F. Reilly
Chief Investment Officer

Eric, honestly, I'm really surprised with your question. Have we talked to any customers? That just
really blows me away. We are very customer centric. We do -- we have a Chief Customer Officer, who, in
addition, as part of the executive team, who spends all his time and a dedicated team talking to our major
customers, and we have over 500 customers-facing people in the field that are in constant dialogue with
our customers. So yes, we do speak to our customers quite a bit.

As to economic forecast, I don't spend a lot of time looking at economic forecast because I've seen much
smarter people than Prologis have forecasts that are down 5% a year and some that have down 40%
this year. So I don't know what it is. I just look at customer behavior when we forecast our business. And
yes, in the long term, our business is completely correlated with consumption, which is highly correlated
with economic growth or a decline. But in the short term, the dynamics of e-commerce, the stay-at-home
economy, and the need to carry more inventory overwhelm those kinds of longer-term considerations.

Operator

Your next question comes from Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets.

Michael Albert Carroll
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

I was hoping you could provide some more color on the rent deferments. The 33 days of average rent that
is being deferred on those specific tenants, is that enough for them to survive this type of market turmoil?
I mean I'm assuming you've done that type of analysis. And I guess the second part, what percentage
of these smaller tenants qualify for the stimulus package? And does that give you more confidence that
you're going to be able to collect these deferments by the end of the year?

Michael S. Curless
Chief Customer Officer

It's Mike, I will address that. Second question, yes, there's a high percentage of our customers that we've
been interacting with and that we think will qualify for the stimulus. And we're seeing evidence of that
already in the U.S. We've had several examples where customers initially contacted us only to call us 2
weeks later and say, "Hey, look, the stimulus kicked in." So May, it will be a little bit of a wait and see, but
we expect a high percentage of those customers receiving that activity. And then with respect to the 33
days, again as Hamid mentioned, we know our customers very well. We've had a very thorough process.
We've looked at their financials. We've -- they filled out the questionnaires. And that's been our best
estimate of what's going to be necessary to bridge them to the next opportunity for them. So that's where
we are.

Eugene F. Reilly
Chief Investment Officer

Yes. And tying this to the last question. As you heard in our update call, and I think you heard somewhere
today, about 20% to 25% of our customer base at some point has had a discussion with respect to some
kind of rent deferral. And of course, on those, we've granted a very small portion of it. We expect to,
ultimately, maybe grant 30% and today it's more like 5%. But -- so that alone means we've had direct
discussion with 25% of the customer base. Well, on a 1 billion square foot portfolio, that's 250 million
square feet. So we've had conversations, multiple sizes of many, many big companies in the sector with
our customers just about that topic during this period of time. So yes, we're really talking to customers all
the time.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

PROLOGIS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Your next question comes from John Guinee with Stifel.

John William Guinee
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I might have missed this and if I did, just tell me, but I was -- I don't think you mentioned anything about
near-shoring or onshoring as a effect on your business? And then second, Tom, it looks to me like back
of the envelope, your -- midpoint of your guidance is a pretty strong ramp, $0.85, $0.87, $0.89. Can you
talk a little bit about how GAAP accounting plays into your rent deferrals?

Eugene F. Reilly
Chief Investment Officer

Yes. On the onshoring, so most of the stuff is going to get on-shored from China to -- and possibly from
Mexico to the U.S., at least with respect to the U.S. And with respect to Europe, I don't think that much
is going to change. It's probably going to be China shifting to European production. So -- and as you
know, our Chinese strategy -- first of all, it's a very, very small part of our portfolio. It's about 1.5% of
our income is in China. And secondly, it's totally focused towards domestic consumption. We learnt very
quickly that the export business doesn't generate a lot of industrial demand because containers are at
the warehouse. So to the extent that there's more onshoring in the consumption markets, the U.S. and
Europe, I'm not counting on it, but by definition, that's incremental demand on top of the consumption
demand. So it should help on the margin.

And the reason we haven't really factored in it is that those are likely to go to really lower cost locations
where real estate is cheap and labor is cheap. And we are really well positioned for the infill, large urban
market. So likely, you're not going to put a plant to onshore in downtown San Francisco, or any place
like that, or L.A., you got to go to a cheaper environment. So I think it will be an important positive for
U.S. and European demand. But I'm not sure we, because of our geographies, are going to be the biggest
beneficiaries of that. I think people who are in more remote locations will probably benefit from that. Tom,
do you want to take the other part of the question?

Thomas S. Olinger
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, John, your other question on the rent deferrals and the accounting analysis of that. So the way
we're structuring our rent deferrals is extending the payment term. And as we mentioned, the payment
term, we are -- the due dates are within 2020. We certainly expect them to be paid. But we will -- the
whole analysis on -- it's the collectibility. When you book that revenue, do you deem that revenue to be
collectible, and that's the assessment. So this is relating to April revenue that's being deferred, and you
make the assessment in April as to the collectibility of the revenue and you either book that revenue or
you book a reserve or a portion of reserve against that based on your assessment of collectibility.

And then regarding the ramping of -- or what does our earnings look like from a quarterly perspective?
Clearly, Q2 will be heavily influenced by the promote because that's when the bulk of that will land. And
then it's really a function of what we see, quite frankly, from a bad debt experience. As we said, we've got
a lot of bad debt reserve that's sitting there for the rest of the year. And I think our results are going to
move relative to what happens there.

Eugene F. Reilly
Chief Investment Officer

The only thing that I would add, John, to that is that our -- prior to these adjustments, downward
adjustments, our year-over-year growth was on the order of, I think, 13%, 14% FFO growth -- 14%
FFO growth, actually. And that's a big number, right? So it's come down 4%. So maybe another way
of asking your question is, how come your guidance previously was so high and still is high? And the
reason for that is primarily that the volume of development starts in prior years that were just having a
capitalized interest in them, are now coming on, and there are a lot of build-to-suits in those, and those
are now fully income producing. So we had them in the denominator as the capital expenditures where
we weren't earning a whole lot on them. And as they stabilize and they're leased, that -- those extra

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

PROLOGIS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

earnings are coming online. So it had nothing to do with this changed environment. It was just high to
start with because of that and remains pretty healthy. I mean I pick 10% growth year-over-year even in
the strongest environment without increasing leverage.

Operator

Your next question comes from Dave Rodgers with Baird.

David Bryan Rodgers
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Yes, maybe for Tom and Hamid, just about asset values. I know, Tom, you talked about the promote being
consistent in the guidance. And the reason why is the pricing at the end of the first quarter. I guess I just
wanted to drill on that, if I could, and the idea that you guys have taken market rents to more of a neutral
stance this year. You've taken market vacancy outlook higher. I guess maybe why wouldn't that impact the
valuation of assets as you sit here in a very point in time? And is there any risk to that promote? And then
maybe just a follow-up to that. Gene, you had said something earlier that the number of leases that you
were doing, I think, was flat on a portfolio size adjusted basis. Did you give the square footage for those?
And are they smaller deals in the pipeline or larger ones? Any color there would be helpful as well.

Hamid R. Moghadam
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Yes. On the appraisals, we -- what we've seen in the first quarter appraisals is that generally, the numbers
are up very slightly, but the appraisers -- like 1% or 2% quarterly. And appraisers have basically stickered
the appraisals as they normally do in markets with turmoil that talk about that there are no comps, et
cetera, et cetera. But the real answer on that is that because promotes are such a sensitive calculation
to the terminal value, these are generally 3-year promotes. And if you move around the terminal value
a little bit, the promotes can move around. We're generally very conservative in projecting and guiding
promotes. And we feel like we've got sufficient room to absorb any kind of a downside there. The other
thing I would say is that more than half of the projected promote is a holdback of the promote from 3
years ago, which -- the amount of which was determined and calculated and is known and that number
will not change. So a big portion of that number, we know exactly what it is, more than 50%. So to the
extent there is variabilities on that last, I would say, 40% of it, 60% of it is baked.

Operator

Your next...

Eugene F. Reilly
Chief Investment Officer

Let me just answer the second part of the question, which is the experience in the last 30 days of leasing.
We have seen more leasing in the bigger-size segments, and we'll be happy to quantify that for you later
on, but definitely bigger customers.

Operator

Your next question comes from Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank.

Derek Charles Johnston
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

You've covered a lot. So let's do this. So PLD is growing rapidly and I will say accretively over the past few
years, and in 2019, had additional large acquisitions. Meanwhile, investor sentiment has so far remained
positive on industrial REITs. However, amid this serious pause and probable tenant shakeout, what is it
about the larger portfolio and positioning which makes you most optimistic in these uncertain times?

Eugene F. Reilly
Chief Investment Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

PROLOGIS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Well, we've had [Audio Gap] experience on the 2 latest acquisitions. And Tom, last time we talked about
this a couple of days ago. We were up about 5% on our underwriting of those portfolios based on activity
that's already taken place. So we feel really good about it. Oh, sure. Houston, energy is worse than we
thought and Liberty had a pretty significant presence in Houston. And we did, too. But again, it's a 1
billion square foot portfolio. And on the other hand, Pennsylvania has done a lot better than we thought
previously because a lot of the New York adjacent demand and the big boxes have, for some strange
reason, taken up a lot of space in Pennsylvania. So that's looking better, and that's actually a bigger
portfolio. So net-net, all the reasons for which we did those investments that we articulated before stand,
and on top of that, they've just performed better than we expected. So that's a really good start. I don't
know whether that will continue for the next 10 years, but it's better to be 5% ahead of the game than
behind the game when you're getting off the blocks.

Did that answer your question? Let's give him an opportunity to ask it again because it was a complicated
question. So if we didn't answer it, ask it again.

Operator

Your next question comes from Manny Korchman with Citi.

Michael Jason Bilerman
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

It's Michael Bilerman here with Manny. I was wondering if you can address a little bit on the capital
deployment of what you've changed? And looking at the press release, you've brought down your
acquisition volumes, both building as well as land by 1.25 billion. And commensurately, you brought down
your disposition volumes as well. And you've, obviously, made a big cut to the development side in terms
of starts, which obviously have capital commitments out in the future. And I want to know 2 things. One,
why not take advantage of the marketplace and continue to sell and build liquidity and continue to reshape
the portfolio, which you've done over the number of years to improve its quality and location, so why
not sell more? And then the second part is on the development side where you've taken a much more
conservative approach and ramp down your development. What are you seeing from the industry at large
in terms of development? So 2 separate sort of topics, somewhat connected. If you can address that, that
would be great.

Eugene F. Reilly
Chief Investment Officer

Great, Michael. We are chickens and chickens live longer. I mean when the world is going -- or falling off
the cliff, and everybody is talking about the GDP going down 40% this quarter or whatever, look, we had
some spec developments. We can start them any time. They're entitled. They're ready to go. And if we see
the demand, we'll start them 2 months later. We don't think that that's our forecast. We're saying, every
quarter, we've got to get in front of you guys and give you some assessment of what we think is going to
happen. And this is a very turbulent time. I think the fact that we've even put out a guidance, and by the
way, we don't have an advantage of looking at all the other people and figuring out what they're doing to
sort of tailor our message accordingly. We're going first, and we've got to stick our neck out. And we have
-- and we've given a range, but we have taken a conservative approach saying that we're not going to
deploy any new capital on discretionary starts of speculative projects, and we're not going to buy anything
at yesterday's prices. If prices become different, for sure, we're going to use our resources. We have
over $10 billion, $11 billion of capacity between the funds and the balance sheet. And we will certainly
start those developments once there is leasing that we feel really comfortable about going forward. But
we can't predict that. There's no cost to waiting. There's only upside in waiting. So we've covered the
downside. We're still well positioned for the upside. And it's not intended to be a forecast, it's just the
prudent thing to do. And I hope we are wrong about that, and we'll do closer to what we have planned on
doing before. But we're not going to get over our skis.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jamie Feldman with Bank of America.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

PROLOGIS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

James Colin Feldman
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Great. I guess and along the same lines, a quick follow-up and then a question. One is if you could just
talk about when you do see occupancy bottoming in the portfolio? I know you guys said kind of towards
year-end things improve, but I'm curious more detailed -- how you see things, what the trajectory is for
occupancy? And then bigger picture, as you think about potential cracks, obviously, there's a lot of cracks,
but are you seeing distress among competitors or just versus prior downturns that you've seen, where do
you think -- where is the most risk that maybe people aren't thinking about?

Thomas S. Olinger
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. I think we will get a significant increase in occupancy the quarter or the quarter after the vaccine
is widely available. Maybe even when it's announced and it's definite that it's coming based on the
anticipation of it coming. So you tell me again the date, and I'll tell you when that will be. From everything
I hear, it's going to be more like next summer-ish, although there's some really positive developments
that I've been hearing about from the scientific community. I mean we've got a couple of really big
medical centers here, and I'm in constant dialogue with them. And on the therapeutic side, there's some
really good stuff happening that we may even hear about in the August, September time frame. So I think
that's when the occupancies will turn around.

In terms of the cracks, I would say, as I guess Warren Buffett says, we'll find out who's been swimming
naked as the tide recedes. There are some people that have been -- mostly on the private side, by the
way. I'm pretty proud of my public brethren, by and large they've really behaved well throughout the cycle
and I think everybody is kind of pretty disciplined in the sector. But there are a couple of private players,
particularly in parts of Europe, Central and Eastern Europe being a good example, that have really gotten
out there on their skis, and we'll see what happens. Maybe they're really good skiers. But I would say
of all the cycles I have seen, whether it's the '87 collapse or the S&L crisis or the dot-com or the GFC, I
would say there's less of that around, much less of that around than any one of those cycles.

I think we are over our time allotment. So -- and we've taken way too much of your time this quarter with
2 calls. So let me thank you for your interest in the company and invite you to our next quarterly call and
hopefully, we'll all be much more optimistic than we are in this environment. And everyone stay healthy.
Take care.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may
now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

PROLOGIS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

