Prudential Financial, Inc. NYSE:PRU
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, May 06, 2020 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.80

2.32

(17.14 %)

1.89

10.05

11.90

Revenue  (mm)

14136.93

13334.00

(5.68 %)

13426.45

55869.10

59114.80

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-06-2020 10:39 AM GMT

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

3.22

3.07

2.05

2.80

3.14

3.22

2.33

2.32

(2.48 %)

4.89 %

13.66 %

(17.14 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andrew Francis Sullivan
Executive VP & Head of U. S.
Businesses

Charles Frederick Lowrey
Chairman, CEO & President

Darin C. Arita
Senior VP and Head of Investor
Relations

Kenneth Yutaka Tanji
Executive VP & CFO

Robert Michael Falzon
Vice Chairman

ANALYSTS

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Erik James Bass
Autonomous Research LLP

Humphrey Lee
Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC

John Bakewell Barnidge
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Nigel Phillip Dally
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Ryan Joel Krueger
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Suneet Laxman L. Kamath
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Taylor Alexander Scott
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Thomas George Gallagher
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now
like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Darin Arita. Please go ahead.

Darin C. Arita
Senior VP and Head of Investor Relations

Good morning, and thank you for joining our call. Representing Prudential on today's call are Charlie
Lowrey, Chairman and CEO; Rob Falzon, Vice Chairman; Andy Sullivan, Head of U.S. Businesses; Scott
Sleyster, Head of International Businesses; Ken Tanji, Chief Financial Officer; and Rob Axel, Controller and
Principal Accounting Officer. We will start with prepared remarks by Charlie, Rob and Ken, and then we will
take your questions.

Today's presentation may include forward-looking statements. It is possible that actual results may differ
materially from the predictions we make today.

In addition, this presentation may include references to non-GAAP measures. For a reconciliation of such
measures to the comparable GAAP measures and the discussion of factors that could cause actual results
to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, please see the slide titled forward-
looking statements and non-GAAP measures in the appendix to today's presentation, which can be found
on our website at investor.prudential.com.

Also, due to circumstances created by the COVID-19 pandemic, we have decided to cancel our Tokyo
Investor Day that was scheduled for September.

With that, I'll hand it over to Charlie.

Charles Frederick Lowrey
Chairman, CEO & President

Thank you, Darin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I would like to start this
morning by recognizing the extraordinary circumstances created by the COVID-19 pandemic and by
expressing our gratitude to all of those on the front lines who are fighting this crisis around the world. For
those individuals and their families directly affected by the pandemic and particularly, those who have lost
loved ones, we extend our deepest sympathies.

At Prudential, we're guided by our purpose: to make lives better by solving the financial challenges of our
changing world. And that includes being there for our employees, our customers and our communities,
especially in times like these. We are completely focused on ensuring that we take the right course of
action for the business, mitigating the impact of COVID-19 while investing for the future in order to
emerge from this crisis stronger than before. The strength of our balance sheet enables us to manage our
business for the long-term growth while dealing with short-term business realities.

Before we get into the first quarter performance, I'll cover some of the key steps we have taken as a
company to support our employees, customers and communities in response to COVID-19.

First, turning to Slide 3. Ensuring the health and well-being of our employees and their families is our
top priority. As the pandemic emerged, we initiated new policies and actions to ensure their safety and
security, including additional family care support. This included implementing a wide-scale remote work
environment, with approximately 98% of our employees and most of our international employees now
working remotely. I'm pleased to report that all our businesses and operational functions continue to run
smoothly.

Prioritizing the well-being of our employees enables us to address the evolving health and financial needs
of our customers as the pandemic and its economic impact reverberate more broadly. We've also provided

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

customers with assistance, such as premium deferrals and fee waivers as well as enhanced digital tools.
I'm also incredibly proud of the work our employees have done to support our local communities, including
in Newark, El Paso, Hartford and multiple international locations. These efforts include the donation of
more than 150,000 face masks, including 75,095 respirators for health care workers in New Jersey.

In addition, the American Nurses Association and Prudential recently entered into an agreement for
Prudential to sponsor ANA events and outreach initiatives in 2020. This agreement will include offering
Prudential's financial wellness services and solutions to ANA members and the broader nursing community.
We're pleased to be of assistance to those serving on the front lines of this pandemic.

Turning to our financial strength. On Slide 4, our rock-solid balance sheet provides the foundation for our
employees to serve our customers and our communities. We're confident in our ability to successfully
manage in this environment in large part due to the robust operational and financial risk framework
that we put into place after the Great recession of 2008. This framework prepared us with a playbook to
address multiple stress scenarios, including pandemics and economic conditions that are more severe than
what we are currently experiencing.

In addition, we benefit from our recurring revenue model and mix of complementary businesses, which
offset risk and produce capital benefits, giving us confidence about Prudential's -- to navigate the current
environment.

We began 2020 with a strong capital and liquidity position, and our capital ended the quarter exceeding
AA financial strength levels. As the pandemic unfolded and in light of uncertainty in the global markets, we
executed our playbook.

We successfully issued $1.5 billion of senior debt in early March, while spreads were still attractive.
This included a $500 million green bond issuance, the first of its kind for a U.S. company in our sector.
These actions prefunded our opportunities through the end of 2021 and enhance the liquidity of our
businesses. As part of the playbook, we further enhanced liquidity of our businesses and also paused
share repurchases at the end of the first quarter to see how the economic environment develops.

During the quarter, our variable annuity hedging performed extremely well with a 99% effective rate. Our
approach to hedging the economic risk resulted in significant gains on our equity market and interest rate
hedges to offset the increased liability. We feel comfortable about our ability to manage equity market
fluctuations and continued low interest rates over time. We're also highly confident about the quality of
our investment portfolio, which Rob will cover in more detail shortly. The strength of our financial position
means our dividends to shareholders remain well covered by our income and free cash flow.

Turning to Slide 5. We are on track to accomplish our strategic initiatives for the year and, in fact, are
accelerating their execution in some cases. First, we are repricing our products more quickly and pivoting
towards lower risk and less capital-intensive products. Second, with respect to rotating our international
earnings mix to higher-growth markets, in April, we reached an agreement to sell our Prudential of Korea
business. We also continue to pursue strategic alternatives for our Taiwan business.

Finally, we continue to make progress on achieving our goal of $500 million in cost savings, $140 million
of which should be achieved this year. We realized $30 million in the first quarter through actions we
completed before the start of 2020.

Turning to Slide 6. While it seems like a life time ago. I'd like to spend a moment on our first quarter
performance. We reported pretax adjusted operating income of $1.2 billion or $2.32 per share.

The GAAP net loss was $0.70 per share, driven largely by noneconomic factors. Our U.S. and International
Business earned lower variable investment income in the quarter. We also generated lower underwriting
income in our U.S. businesses. Higher asset management fees at PGIM were offset by lower other related
revenues.

While the severity and duration of the pandemic and related economic impact remains unknown, we are
confident about the strength of our company. Prudential has survived pandemics, wars, recessions and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

the depression, among other events in its 145-year history. We are resilient, we are strong and we will
continue to move forward to deliver sustainable value for all our stakeholders.

With that, I'll turn it over to Rob for a detailed look at our business performance for the quarter.

Robert Michael Falzon
Vice Chairman

Thank you, Charlie. As Charlie indicated, the results from our businesses in the first quarter were
negatively impacted by 2 significant factors that we had not anticipated: adverse mortality and the
impact of the pandemic, particularly on equity markets, interest rates and credit spreads. Adverse market
conditions resulted in $150 million of lower variable investment income in our U.S. and International
Businesses and also reduced other related revenues in PGIM by $55 million, and the Chilean and [ Kihei ]
earnings in our International Business by $30 million.

Overall mortality was $60 million above our seasonal expectation. We are continuing to work toward
improving the profitability of our Individual Life business. We have strong life insurance marketing and
distribution capabilities, which we've expanded with the acquisition of Assurance IQ.

In aggregate, these factors reduced first quarter's adjusted operating income by about $295 or $0.58 a
share.

Lower interest rates and equity markets also challenged fundamentals across our businesses, and we are
actively executing pricing and product actions to shift our business mix to less market-sensitive customer
solutions.

With that in mind, I'll turn now to providing more color on how we are executing on our strategy within
our U.S., PGIM and International Businesses as well as on the outlook for these businesses considering
current market conditions. I will also provide an overview of our investment portfolio, given the increased
focus on the risks associated with the potential near-term credit cycle.

Turning to Slide 7. Our U.S. Businesses consist of the workplace solutions, individual solutions and
Assurance IQ divisions that produce a diversified source of earnings from fees, investment spread and
underwriting income.

Our U.S. Businesses continue to execute on 3 key priorities: first and foremost, the financial strength of
these businesses, which continues to be solid despite the impacts of COVID-19 and the broader economic
conditions. Continue to take product actions, including steps to diversify our mix of business and maintain
profitability. Second, as the needs of our customers rapidly evolve, including in response to COVID-19 and
its economic impact, we are leveraging our ongoing technology transformation and digital capabilities to
enhance customer engagement.

For example, within a matter of days in March, we introduced our fast track automated underwriting
process for COVID-19-related claims with expanded e-capabilities for proof of death. In just a weekend,
we introduced new mobile apps and chat bots to help manage a surge in customer calls and inquiries. And
we have expanded the use of electronic signatures across our businesses. We will continue to invest in
transforming our capabilities by accelerating use of technology to deliver a better customer experience and
enhance the speed at which we operate.

And third, we remain committed to expanding our addressable market. The pandemic has amplified the
financial wellness challenges that many U.S. households face. To support our clients in these challenging
times, we continued to invest in and expand our range of capabilities to meet their needs. For example,
we completely transformed our flagship financial wellness offering Pathways from an on-site to a virtual
offering. In a matter of just weeks, we scheduled over 150 live web-based financial education seminars
for our clients and we introduced a new solution to help customers manage debt and partnership with
GreenPath. We're also shifting our focus to serving expanded addressable market with lower risk and less
market-sensitive solutions, to address the changing market conditions. For example, in our Individual
Annuities business we're pivoting to less interest rate sensitive products, including accelerating to May of
this year, the launch of our FlexGuard indexed annuity.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

In our Individual Life business we're also making product and pricing changes that will result in the
continued pivot to variable life and other less interest rate-sensitive products. As a result of pricing
actions, product pivots and the disruptions to distribution from COVID-19, we expect sales to continue to
decline for individual annuities in the near term, and we also expect reduced sales for Individual Life.

In our Retirement business, while the longevity reinsurance market remains active, we expect that current
market conditions will impact the funding levels of pension plans and, therefore, result in lower pension
risk transfer transactions.

Now turning to Slide 8. PGIM is a top 10 global investment manager with $1.3 trillion of assets under
management and continues to leverage its diversified multi-manager model to serve investors.

Our robust infrastructure and investments in technology have allowed employees to seamlessly transition
to working from home. This operational flexibility has allowed us to support clients with portfolio
information and insights and address their questions, even as we work in a virtual environment.

While significant market fluctuations in the month of March affected our 3-year performance, PGIM's long-
term track record remains strong. 79% of assets under management have outperformed their benchmarks
over the last 5 years and 94% over the last 10 years, and we have seen some recovery of performance
in our short-term track record in April. Despite clients temporarily rebalancing into cash, we generated
$2.9 billion of net third-party flows during the first quarter. This reflects the resiliency of PGIM's diversified
platform across asset classes, regions and client segments.

Net flows included $4.2 billion of institutional inflows, partially offset by $1.3 billion of retail outflows.
Public fixed income experienced both retail and institutional inflows. And of note, PGIM was the highest
ranking U.S. mutual fund franchise across active and passive asset managers based on net sales in the
quarter. PGIM's asset management fees were up 8% compared to the year ago quarter, driven by growth
in average assets under management and a stable fee rate.

Other related revenues declined primarily due to the effect of mark-to-market losses from credit spread
widening in the first quarter. We expect near-term sales across the industry to be impacted by volatile
public market conditions, reduced transaction volume in private asset classes and a slowdown in client
activity. Despite this, we expect PGIM to emerge well positioned vis-à-vis our competitors, driven by its
diversified global platform.

Turning to Slide 9. Our International Businesses include our Japanese Life Insurance operation, where we
have a differentiated multichannel distribution model as well as other operations focused on high-growth
markets. Life Planner sales decreased 5% compared to the year ago quarter, driven by lower corporate
product sales, following the Japan tax law change, partially offset by replacement U.S. dollar protection
products.

Life Planner headcount, however, reached a record level, increasing 5% compared to a year ago. Sales for
Gibraltar were also 5% lower, primarily reflecting the continued trend of lower single-pay U.S. dollar fixed
annuity sales in our life consultant and independent agency channels.

In addition, as we continue to focus on quality distribution, the number of life consultants has declined. In
Chile, we are the leading pension provider via our joint venture with Habitat. We earn fees on assets and
realized mark-to-market gains or losses on the capital that we are required to invest in the funds.

Our investment performance has outperformed over time as well as in the fourth quarter -- in the
first quarter. Returns in the quarter, however, were down across the industry, and that contributed to
approximately $30 million of lower-than-expected operating income. As we look to the second quarter, we
expect international sales to decrease significantly, reflecting the effect of social distancing protocols that
limit in-person engagement with customers across our distribution channels. This will also affect recruiting
of new life planners and life consultants.

We're actively taking measures, including appropriate sales support to protect and care for our captive
distribution during this difficult time. Over the longer term, we believe COVID-19 may result in heightened

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

interest in protection products. Particularly the death protection products throughout the core of our
needs-based selling approach.

With respect to the current interest rate environment, we have successfully managed through decades of
low interest rates and other market challenges in Japan. As you've seen in the past, we adjust to meet the
needs and preferences of our customers, while also achieving our return expectations. We have already
taken actions and will continue to do so as needed, as we move forward.

Also, as Charlie stated, in April, we announced that we have entered into a definitive agreement to sell
Prudential of Korea. This business represented less than 10% of International Business sales.

Now turning to our investment portfolio on Slide 10. We have a conservative, quality focused approach to
our investment portfolio of construction and management, reflects our robust asset liability management
practices, commitment to broad diversification and a disciplined interest rate risk management framework.
We also leverage PGIM's expertise across multiple asset classes, including its deep and long-standing
experience in private placements and real estate.

Back to our investment portfolio, here are a few key points. We have a high allocation to government
securities, which is primarily comprised of U.S. treasuries and Japanese government bonds. About half
of our BBB and below rated corporate securities are private placements, with financial covenants and
structural protections that have consistently resulted in lower losses than comparable public securities.

In past cycles, the loss experience of our BBB private placements has been comparable to single A public
credits or about half the losses of similarly rated BBB public credits.

Our commercial mortgage loans are well protected with a loan-to-value on the entire portfolio of 56% and
debt service coverages in excess of 2.4x. We are overweight in more defensive sectors, such as industrial
and multifamily and underweight in both office and retail. We also have a low exposure in our investment
portfolio to currently more vulnerable sectors like energy, retail and other at-risk corporates.

Quality of our portfolio is demonstrated by its performance during the financial crisis in 2008 and 2009,
where our credit loss experience compared favorably to peers. Since then, we have decreased our
exposure to structured securities and BBB corporates and increased our holdings of government bonds and
single A and above rated corporates.

From 2008 through the first quarter of 2020, our annual fixed maturity credit losses averaged just 13
basis points of our portfolio.

Slide 23 in the appendix provides more details on our investment portfolio to exposures currently in focus.
While we expect credit losses to emerge, the main takeaway is that we feel comfortable that our exposure
is quite manageable and that we are well capitalized to absorb such losses.

Turning to Slide 11. To help you assess potential credit losses on our investment portfolio over a 3- year
recession cycle, we provide a framework using publicly available rating agency and other third-party data
for the underlying assumptions. This framework provides potential impairments, defaults and ratings
migration. The output suggests impact to PICA's RBC ratio and the solvency margin ratios in Japan would
be very manageable and consistent with our expectations.

Credit losses on an after-tax basis would total approximately $2.4 billion over a 3-year period. To put that
into perspective, that will be less than 1-year of our free cash flow.

Also, if we used experiences from the prior recession in 2008 as the underlying assumptions for this
framework, the after-tax credit losses will be much smaller at about $1.6 billion.

And with that, I'll hand it over to Ken.

Kenneth Yutaka Tanji
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Thanks, Rob. I will begin on Slide 12, which provides insight into earnings for the second quarter of
2020 relative to our first quarter results. We began with pre-tax adjusted operating income in the first
quarter, which was $1.2 billion and resulted in earnings per share of $2.32 on an after-tax basis. Then
we adjust for the following items: first, we expect variable investment income in the second quarter to be
$150 million lower than in the first quarter. This is primarily driven by lower returns from private equity
investments resulting from the decline in values in the first quarter, reported on a 1 quarter lag in the
second quarter. Second -- next, in the second quarter, we will have lower seasonal expenses, partially
offset by higher implementation costs, which will result in a net benefit of $50 million.

Third, there are other items that combined may be $45 million more favorable in the second quarter
relative to the first quarter. This includes the normalization of PGIM's other related revenues in our Chilean
joint venture income, which were lower in the first quarter due to the mark-to-market of assets for equity
markets and credit spreads. This normalization is partially offset by classifying our Prudential of Korea
business as a divested business. Fourth, we expect fees to be lower on a run rate basis in the second
quarter. This reflects account values starting in the second quarter at a lower point than the average level
in the first quarter.

Next, we included a placeholder for Prudential potential COVID-19-related claims and expenses totaling
$250 million. I will provide additional details of these items on the next slide.

And last, we anticipate net investment income will be reduced by $15 million, reflecting the difference
between new money rates and disposition yields on our investment portfolio. These items combined get us
to a baseline of $792 million of operating earnings and $1.53 per share for the second quarter. Please note
that this baseline includes items specific to the second quarter that reduce EPS by approximately $1.22
per share. While we have provided these items to consider, there may be other factors that affect earnings
per share in the second quarter of 2020.

Given the extraordinary circumstances created by COVID-19, on Slide 13, we provide estimates for the
potential operating earnings impact directly associated with the pandemic in 2020. As part of our risk
management process, we model many potential stress scenarios, including a pandemic scenario. We
have substantial reserves and highly liquid assets to ensure we are well positioned to readily satisfy all
policyholder claims and continue to be well capitalized. We also benefit from the diversification of our
businesses, and specifically, the complementary nature of our retirement longevity business and our
mortality businesses.

Although the extent and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic remains uncertain, we thought it would be
helpful to provide estimates for the potential impact on net mortality and costs in 2020. The estimate for
the impact on net mortality assumes 100,000 deaths across the total U.S. population and 40,000 deaths
across the total population in Japan.

After considering the profile of our insured policyholders, we estimate the impact on earnings from
net mortality may be approximately $200 million in 2020. Also, assuming the spread of COVID-19 is
substantially contained in the second quarter, we estimate approximately $135 million of earnings impact
may occur in the second quarter with possibly lower impact in the second half of the year. Also, as we
continue to support our employees and families during this difficult time, we expect to incur additional
costs, primarily related to sales support, employee health protection, technology and other expenses. In
2020, we estimate these costs may be approximately $230 million with $115 million of these costs in the
second quarter.

Turning to Slide 14. We continue to maintain a robust capital position and adequate sources of funding.
Our capital position exceeds our AA financial strength targets. And we maintain liquid assets at the parent
company that are greater than 3x annual fixed charges. Our financial leverage ratio is at our target and
our regulatory capital levels at our insurance companies remain higher than the targets.

In addition, we have substantial sources of funding. Our cash and liquid assets at the parent company
were $5.3 billion at the end of the quarter. As previously highlighted, we expect to receive net proceeds
from -- of approximately $1.7 billion from the sale of Prudential of Korea business. Following the close of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

the transaction, which is expected in the second half of 2020. And another source of funding is free cash
flow from our businesses, which represents approximately 65% of earnings over time.

In addition, we have readily available off-balance sheet resources. This includes a $4 billion credit facility
with 23 banks in a syndicate structure across the U.S., Europe and Asia. We also have access to $1.5
billion of funding from a contingent capital facility with the right to issue debt in exchange for U.S.
treasury securities held by a trust. And we have a bank -- Japan Bank facility with JPY 100 billion available
to Prudential Holdings of Japan.

Turning to Slide 15 and in summary. We are committed to fulfilling our purpose, to make lives better by
solving the financial challenges of our changing world. We maintain a rock-solid balance sheet with robust
capital and liquidity position. And we remain on track with our objectives for the year as we accelerate the
execution of our initiatives.
Now I'll turn it over to the operator for your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

And it looks like our first question comes from the line of Erik Bass of Autonomous Research.

Erik James Bass
Autonomous Research LLP

Yes. First, can you provide a bit more color on how you're coming up with your estimated COVID impacts?
And how you're thinking about the interplay between mortality and longevity exposures? And then also
just to clarify on the expenses, is that just related to COVID? Or is that a net impact factoring and other
things, such as lower T&E expense?

Kenneth Yutaka Tanji
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Erik, it's Ken. I'll take your questions. On the COVID estimates. First, I want -- like to recognize that
these are placeholders. These are based on an estimate of 100,000 deaths in the U.S., and 40,000 deaths
in Japan. Now well we have to see how things play out. And there's likely a range of outcomes around that
for the U.S. and Japan. So I just want to recognize that we've done our best to give a placeholder, but it's
predicated on a number of assumptions.

What we do then is, we then make considerations for lower fatality rates for the insured population versus
the general population. We certainly have taken into consideration higher fatality rates for the older
population. And then we took into consideration the geography of our insured population with -- that tend
to have a little bit higher concentration in New Jersey and New York, California and Washington. So when
we put that all together, we've applied those to our average profile and provided those estimates. And
again, we'll likely have a good range around some of those assumptions.

In terms of our retirement business, it does provide an offset to some of our life insurance as we've
expected and designed. It offsets about 30% of our exposure, and that's just kind of how the modeling
plays out.

And then your second question was around the expenses. We've looked at the steps that we need to
take in order to care for our employees, for crisis Care as well as compensation for sales professionals,
particularly, in our international locations, if our sales were to decline. And we've estimated, that is the
appropriate thing to do, given the situation. We will -- we haven't included in that estimate, potential
offsets for the fact that travel and conferences and entertainment will be lower. We would expect if things
return at some point to normal that some of that might come back, perhaps, you know they sort of
rebound. But I would estimate if we're going to have savings here in the next quarter or so that you can
think of that in the tens of millions. But that's not included in the estimate.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Next, we have the line of Suneet Kamath of Citi.

Suneet Laxman L. Kamath
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

I wanted to go to long-term care. Earlier this week, 1 of your competitors announced a regulatory review
of long-term care reserves resulted in a pretty sizable increase to stat reserves. So just curious, if any of
your regulators are contemplating or conducting similar reviews and maybe over what time frame would
we expect any resolution, if there are such reviews in place?

Kenneth Yutaka Tanji
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

This is Ken, Suneet. Just an ordinary course, we review our reserves with our regulators. And they have
not indicated any concern about our level of reserves related to long-term care, and there's no special
review underway.

Operator

Next in queue, we have the line of Tom Gallagher of Evercore ISI.

Thomas George Gallagher
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

The $2 billion of debt that PRU issued in 1Q is, I think, being counted as operating debt. So just curious,
what -- why that's counted as operating debt, I think, which is excluded from the leverage calculation?
And what your plan is with those proceeds? And then, let's see, the other question I had is, just on the
GAAP breakage you had, on the variable annuity side this quarter, was there also a similar statutory level
of breakage? I realize it's uneconomic based on the accounting differences between the assets and the
liabilities. But just curious, if you had a similar impact on statutory?

Kenneth Yutaka Tanji
Executive VP & CFO

Tom, it's -- I'll take those. On the $2 billion of debt included the $1.5 billion that we issued at the holdco.
You can think of that as, we would ordinarily have issued, say, $500 billion earlier in the year and $500
billion towards the end of the year. But we decided to do $1.5 billion in March, we were worried about how
the conditions were developing and thought it would be prudent to do $1.5 billion, which essentially will
take care of any maturities in 2020 and 2021. So it's about $1 billion more than we would ordinarily have
done perhaps, but we thought it was an appropriate thing to do.

In terms of why we call it operating debt, right now, those proceeds sit at the holding company in cash.
And we follow sort of the way that our rating agencies think about classifications of debt. So -- and the
planned proceeds, again, we have it available at the holding company. And it would -- it's used -- it's
available for paying off the debt again for this year and next year.

In terms of the non-AOI item for the quarter, our variable annuity business is very well hedged. And we
like to align our outcomes for GAAP and stat in economics. And as Charlie mentioned in his comments, it
was highly effective at 99%.

The way we hedge interest risk, again, which was highly effective in the quarter, is with both derivatives
that are mark-to-market and recorded in the P&L, but also by holding a 30-year U.S. treasuries, which
had a $1.7 billion gain and would have offset the non-AOI item in the quarter. But the gain on the
U.S. Treasuries is recorded to OCI and not to the income statement. So economically, and from a stat
standpoint, we were very well aligned, just with a little bit of difference between where our gain is
recorded for GAAP.

Operator

Next we have the line of Ryan Krueger of KBW.

Ryan Joel Krueger
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Can you help us think about, I guess, interest rate sensitivity within the balance sheet, both GAAP and
stat? I think previously, you provided the sensitivity for 10-year rates in the 2% to 2.5% range. But given
where they are today, was hoping for some additional sensitivity.

Kenneth Yutaka Tanji
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Yes. Maybe I'll start with stat, Ryan. And the -- we have had sensitivity to our stat financials,
primarily around asset adequate testing. Last year, given the decline in rates, we increased our asset
adequacy testing reserve by about $500 million. Now we had derivatives that offset that. So we were with

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

a gain. So we were -- had a stable RBC outcome. But it's also important to know that sort of at this level
of very low interest rates, that the way the testing works is the -- when rates are so low, the shock is
much lower. So we'll have less sensitivity to lower rates from this point forward.

From a GAAP standpoint, our sensitivity really hasn't changed. And as you know, we have a process -- I'll
remind people that we have a process where we look at our long-term rate assumption and that includes
doing a survey of economist banks and other managers. And we also look at the implied forward curve,
and we look to be at the median of all that. And that's the process that we're going through.

I'd also note that the way our interest rate assumptions work for GAAP is, we start at current rates and
we grade to a long-term assumption over 10 years. So as a result, our -- the 10-year treasury under the
next 7 years is less than 3%. So we're going through our process as we would typically would and that'll
be finalized by our risk management committees in late June. So no change in our -- significant change in
our GAAP sensitivity and we'll be doing our usual process in the second quarter.

Operator

And next in queue, we have the line of Alex Scott of Goldman Sachs.

Taylor Alexander Scott
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

First 1, I have is just a follow-up on the stat rate sensitivity comments that you made. I just want to make
sure I interpreted it correctly. I guess as you go through your actuarial review and if the ultimate rate is
set lower, does that reduced sensitivity sort of apply now? Like would we -- if it is sort of the 3% to 4%
book value type impacts on GAAP, would that not necessarily all translate to statutory?

Kenneth Yutaka Tanji
Executive VP & CFO

Again, the way asset adequacy testing works is, we don't set a long-term rate. Those are prescribed by
GAAP. And we're going through our -- and so it's a little bit of a different framework. And we'll also -- so
we're working through that.

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

Next in queue, we have the line of Nigel Dally from Morgan Stanley.

Nigel Phillip Dally
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great. Great. So I had a question on the -- on buybacks. And you spent a few minutes of time running
through the strength of your current capital position, and also what appears to be quite a manageable
stress scenario, and clearly a number of moving factors, but what are you looking for? What are sort of
like some of the things that you're looking for to be comfortable in resuming buybacks? Should we assume
that buybacks are suspended through the end of the year? Or potentially, could it be somewhat sooner
than that? Any color there as to kind of how you're looking at that?

Kenneth Yutaka Tanji
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. The -- I think the primary thing we're looking at is the economic cycle. And we're seeing substantial
impact, given the situation that we're in. We like the quality of our investment portfolio, and we think it's
manageable, but we want to see how this credit cycle emerges. So I don't know if I can put a time frame
on that. I think time will tell.

Operator

Next in queue, we have the line of Humphrey Lee of Dowling & Partners.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Humphrey Lee
Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC

My first question is related to Assurance IQ. The losses for the quarter looks a little bit larger than
expected. Like how should we think about those losses would trend? Should we expect for the next couple
of quarters will be recurring that $30 million range before seeing a recovery in the fourth quarter, when
activity started to pick up due to enrollment period?

Andrew Francis Sullivan
Executive VP & Head of U. S. Businesses

Yes. Humphrey, it's Andy. And thanks for your question, and I'll give Ken of a little bit of a break here. So
on Assurance IQ, I would characterize the results for quarter 1 as modestly worse than what we expected.
We have started to lean in from an investment perspective to building out the platform more broadly. And
to bringing new product solutions onto the platform as we think the first-mover advantage is very, very
important. As we talked about last quarter as well, we learned some lessons from a Medicare Advantage
perspective, and we are investing ahead of Q4 to make sure that we have the right number of agents and
that they are fully and properly trained, and we're ready to go in the fourth quarter. So I think you could
think about performance similar in the next couple of quarters. And obviously, the large opportunity is in
Medicare Advantage in Q4.

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

Next, we have the line of John Barnidge of Piper Sandler.

John Bakewell Barnidge
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Great. If we were to assume the disease is seasonal nature and returns at the very least in 1Q '21, could
you help me demonstrate how many of these non-mortality, morbidity, CV19 costs would remain on a go-
forward basis?

Kenneth Yutaka Tanji
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I don't think we want to try to forecast that far, which -- given the situation. Eventually, I think we
will operate differently, given the changes in environment and the way we're going to have to conduct
business, but that's a bit out there. So I don't think we want to start to look through that far at the
moment.

John Bakewell Barnidge
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Okay. And then could you maybe provide average age on the products, where you have some CV19
exposure, please?

Andrew Francis Sullivan
Executive VP & Head of U. S. Businesses

Yes. So this is Andy. So obviously, the 2 predominant areas. There are really our Individual Life business
and our Group Life business and then obviously offsets in the longevity business that we have in
retirement. So actually, in Individual Life and in Group Insurance, average age across the whole book is
relatively similar in the -- about 55. In Group Insurance, in particular, though, 95% of that business is
under the age of 65. As far as the longevity risk transfer business and the pension risk transfer business,
our average age is in the 74 to 75 range.

Operator

Next in queue, we have the line of Elyse Greenspan, Wells Fargo.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

My first question is on the group business. Can you just discuss your outlook for the margins within that
business for the rest of the year, just given that, I think COVID-19 could impact some of those businesses?
Or do you think that we might not see an impact there maybe until 2021?

Andrew Francis Sullivan
Executive VP & Head of U. S. Businesses

Yes. Elyse, this is Andy. So I'll take that question, and there are a number of impacts. So maybe I'll start
more on the claims side of things. And we do expect, and it was in the estimates that Ken walked through.
That we will see increased mortality in the book of business. Obviously, in the Group business, as I just
referenced, that's somewhat mitigated by the average age. But we do think that, that will go up. We also
believe and have seen evidence that we'll see an uptick in short-term disability incidents. So that will
serve to compress margins throughout this year.

We see a couple of other impacts I just mentioned from a sales and flows perspective. Most of our book of
business is medium and large size employers. So actually, most of our sales for 2020 are already baked
in that business. And any slowdown we're seeing is more of a 2021 impact. I guess the last thing I'd
mention is, a lot of the impacts that Group Insurance will feel, we actually are mitigated against from
the perspective that we're not in the under 100 Life segment business. So we don't have exposure to the
small segment employers. And obviously, here, early days, that's where a number of the impacts have
been.

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. Great. And then my second question, you guys, in your prepared remarks went through kind of
shifting the business to less interest rate-sensitive products. How do we think about the capital that you
have to put forth to write, some of the new business, right, that's less interest rate-sensitive versus some
products that may be required more capital, is there kind of a capital arbitrage there, as you kind of shift
your writings in this low interest rate environment?

Kenneth Yutaka Tanji
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I'll take that. The products that we are shifting towards do have less interest rate sensitivity, things
like variable life, things like we're looking to release a structured variable annuity. And so they will be less
capital-intensive and less interest rate sensitive. I don't think there's anything more to the dynamic than
that.

Andrew Francis Sullivan
Executive VP & Head of U. S. Businesses

And this is Andy. Maybe I'll just add some color, commentary. So in the Individual Life business, as
Ken referenced, we've been shifting towards variable life. We're very pleased in Q1 that our sales were
$187 million, which was up 15% quarter -- from Q1 of last year and 50% -- near 50% of those sales
were variable life. We've also, in April, launched a product that is much less sensitive to interest rates
and equity markets tuned to the RIA channel. And our buffered annuity, we're very excited about that
launch, that has become a robust market. And 60% of the volumes in that marketplace are going through
independent broker-dealers, and we have very, very strong relationships there. So we think that's going to
be a very promising for us.

Operator

Next in queue, we have a follow-up from the line of Suneet Kamath of Citi.

Suneet Laxman L. Kamath
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

On the Individual Life business, in the past, you guys have talked about using reinsurance to either
dampen down the earnings volatility or actually free capital. So I want to get an update on that? And is
that strategy still effective or still possible given all the uncertainty around COVID-19?

Andrew Francis Sullivan
Executive VP & Head of U. S. Businesses

Yes. Suneet, it's Andy. And maybe I'll take that question up a level first. As we talked about last quarter,
we are leaned into performing the overall -- to improving the overall performance of that book of business
in that business, with 3 levers. First, we are very much leaned into improving the expense profile of the
business. A lot of our future of work, energy and effort is aimed in that regard. And we actually saw a
reduction year-over-year in our expenses in the business. So we like the progress we're seeing there.

The second lever was -- is leaning into and growing the business with profitable business that we're
putting on the books. And as I mentioned, our sales are up year-over-year. And we are comfortable with
the pricing and the profitability of the business that we're selling.

As far as the third lever, and it's the lever that you referenced. It really is looking at the ability to reinsure
the block of business. We continue to explore solutions. Obviously, we're looking very carefully about what
is the right economic favorability for us. And if and when we take action on that, we will report out on it,
but nothing to report as we sit here today.

Suneet Laxman L. Kamath
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

I just have 1 quick follow-up for Ken, I guess, a follow-up to Elyse's question on capital. You cited in your
prepared remarks pretty significant declines in sales, both in the U.S. as well as Japan. So any sense of
how much capital or lower strain could you guys experience relative to a normal year based on that sales
decline?

Kenneth Yutaka Tanji
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So all things being equal, we would have less -- if we're selling -- when we sell business, we capitalize
it well. And if we're selling less, that means it's requiring less capital to support it. And so we would expect
all other things being equal, that would be the case. I think it's too hard to quantify that right now. We'll
see how our sales plays out. If we have opportunities to make sales in attractive business, we'll do that. If
the conditions are such that, either the returns are attractive or it's too difficult to conduct business that
would lower sales and we would see some capital offset for that. So I just don't -- I think it's a little tricky
to put a number on that right now.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] I think we do have a follow-up from the line of Alex Scott from Goldman Sachs.

Taylor Alexander Scott
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

I just wanted to see, if you could provide an update on the mortgage loan book. And I guess, specifically
the commercial mortgage loans, would be interested if you can operate anything up around, like how
much of it you've got forbearance requests on and what you'd expect there?

Robert Michael Falzon
Vice Chairman

Alex, it's Rob. Let me handle that one. The -- we have received forbearance request. The vast majority of
that as you would expect is coming from the hotel and mall tenants. Having said that, to date, through
April in any event, we've had -- we've actually granted forbearance on a little less than 3% of the
portfolio. And that, by and large, almost entirely has been just with respect to principal amortization. The

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

loans continue to remain current with regard to interest payments. We do expect that will build over time
to some greater amount.

But having said that, we're actually quite comfortable. If you look at the loan-to-value that we have across
the mortgage portfolio, it's at 56% based on our internal appraisals. And what we find is, if we actually
use external appraisals that drops to around 46%. So being in a position to be able to provide forbearance
on principal, we don't think actually puts at risk our ability to be repaid on those loans, given the relatively
low amount of leverage that we have on our properties, and combined with the fact that our mortgage
portfolio is very concentrated in higher quality, well located properties.

So we're feeling quite good about the status of the mortgage portfolio, and we expect it to be resilient
through this crisis, as it has been, in fact, through all prior of our recessions. If you look at the 2008
recession and you sort of take that and you roll that forward, we've had sort of a 1 basis point loss ratio
on our mortgages from that period until now. So we actually feel pretty good about the way in which
we've underwritten it, and we feel very good about the way we're positioned going forward.

Andrew Francis Sullivan
Executive VP & Head of U. S. Businesses

And Alex, it's Andy. I was just going to add a point from our third-party managed fund business, very
similar trends. We've to date seen low single-digit levels of forbearance. And clearly, that will rise over
time, but very similar trends to what Rob covered.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Next, we do have a follow-up from Humphrey Lee with Dowling & Partners.

Humphrey Lee
Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC

Looking at PGIM, so other related revenue has always been a source of variability for that segment. I think
this quarter, you had some spread related kind of issue, hurting some of the private credit. But looking
forward, like some of the strategies that you have in PGIM, whether it's real estate or private credit or
some of the specialty products, they're likely to see lower activities. So how should we think about the
other related revenue would trend for the balance of the year?

Andrew Francis Sullivan
Executive VP & Head of U. S. Businesses

Yes. So Humphrey, it's Andy. So you're correct. In first quarter, the predominant impact in other related
revenue was from our strategic investing portfolio. That's where we have our seed strategies as well as
where we co-invest alongside of our clients. The predominant impact was in from credit spread widening
on the fixed income portion of that portfolio.

In general, if you look back, we tend to have somewhere in the neighborhood of $50 million to $60 million
coming from our ORR. We do think it is reasonable as you kind of look forward over the next couple of
quarters. Obviously, we think flows will be lumpier in general, and then we do believe that there'll be some
slowdown in client activity and then transactions. So there may be some near-term pressure on that. But
over the long run, you could think of that in the $50 million to $60 million range.

Operator

With no further questions here in queue, I'll be happy to turn it back to Charlie Lowrey for any closing
remarks.

Charles Frederick Lowrey
Chairman, CEO & President

Great. Thank you very much. We'd just like to say in closing that we'd like to take a moment to thank all
our employees for the extraordinary steps they've taken to support our businesses, our customers and
our communities. Together, we remain financially strong. We remain resilient, and we remain committed

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

to fulfilling our purpose of solving financial challenges of our changing world, including doing our part to
contribute to an inclusive global recovery.

Thank you all for joining the call. Please stay safe. And we look forward to talking to you soon.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

