PVH Corp. NYSE:PVH
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, April 02, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.81

1.88

3.87

(1.03)

9.41

9.54

1.38

4.13

2458.37

2600.00

5.76

1602.75

9748.09

9910.00

1.66

8565.05

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-02-2020 12:29 PM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.45

1.88

2.99

1.81

2.46

2.10

3.10

1.88

0.41 %

11.70 %

3.68 %

3.87 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
PVH CORP. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 02, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Dana M. Perlman
Senior VP of Business
Development & Investor Relations
and Treasurer

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating
& Financial Officer

Stefan Larsson
President

ANALYSTS

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Irwin Bernard Boruchow
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Jay Daniel Sole
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Kimberly Conroy Greenberger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Michael Charles Binetti
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

PVH CORP. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 02, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the PVH Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. Today's call is
being recorded. The safe harbor statement will be read today by Dana Perlman.

Dana M. Perlman
Senior VP of Business Development & Investor Relations and Treasurer

Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. And welcome to the PVH Corp. Fourth Quarter and Full
Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. This webcast and conference call is being recorded on behalf of
PVH and consists of copyrighted material. It may not be recorded, rebroadcast or otherwise transmitted
without PVH's written permission. Your participation in the question-and-answer session constitutes your
consent to having anything you say appear on any transcript or replay of this call.

The information being made available includes forward-looking statements that reflect PVH's view as
of April 1, 2020, of future events and financial performance. These statements are subject to risks and
uncertainties indicated in the company's SEC filings and the safe harbor statement included in the press
release that is the subject of this call. These risks and uncertainties include PVH's right to change its
strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions and its need to use significant cash flow to service its
debt obligations.

Significantly, at this time, the COVID-19 outbreak is having a significant impact on the company's
business, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. There is significant uncertainty about the
duration and extent of the impact of the virus. The dynamic nature of these circumstances means what is
said on this call could change materially at any time. Therefore, the operation of the company's business
and its future results of operations could differ materially from historical practices and results or current
descriptions, estimates and suggestions.

PVH does not undertake any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement, including,
without limitation, any estimates or suggestions regarding revenue or earnings. Generally, the financial
information provided is on a non-GAAP basis as defined under SEC rules. Reconciliation to GAAP amounts
are included in PVH's fourth quarter 2019 earnings release, which can be found on www.pvh.com and in
the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC in connection with this release.

At this time, I'm pleased to turn the conference over to Mr. Manny Chirico, Chairman and CEO of PVH.

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Joining me on the call is Stefan Larsson, our President; Mike
Shaffer, our Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer; and Dana Perlman, Treasurer and Senior
Vice President of Business Development and Investor Relations.

We're all working from home today. So I want to thank everyone for joining us on our fourth quarter
call. I must comment that it is, indeed, strange to be sitting in my living room for this call and not in my
conference room, but I suppose that is the new normal. And I hope everyone is safe and healthy this
morning.

We were extremely pleased to how we ended the year. We had a strong holiday season with increasing
momentum across Tommy Hilfiger and Calvin Klein in the majority of the regions where we operate. We
had a significant revenue beat of about $100 million and exceeded our earnings guidance on a non-GAAP
basis despite the impact from the coronavirus, which was not contemplated in our initial outlook. If you
compare our fiscal year earnings per share results with our guidance of at least $9.45, we had a $0.31
beat out of earning -- out of our business outperformance from Calvin and Tommy and a $0.03 beat from
lower interest and taxes. This was offset by a $0.25 hit for the corona inventory reserves that we booked
that we recorded at the very end of the fourth quarter, which was not contemplated in our initial guidance.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

PVH CORP. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 02, 2020

I believe the magnitude of our business outperformance, especially our sales outperformance, given the
backdrop that we were dealing with in the fourth quarter, was truly impressive and speaks to the health of
our brands and the momentum in the business that we saw in the fourth quarter. We were pleased to end
the year with very clean inventories. Overall, our inventory position was down 7% year-over-year, which
also was better than the guidance we talked about.

Before I go into our financial results, I wanted to take a few moments to talk about the coronavirus, which
I am sure is top of mind in everyone in the investment community. This is an unprecedented time, and it's
a rapidly changing situation. And our hearts go out to all those impacted by the events that are unfolding.
Our PVH people are demonstrating their passion and dedication to PVH, with most of our regions working
remotely from home to continue to operate our business through this uncertain time. It has been inspiring
to see our people rally together, and I truly believe that this demonstrates the power of PVH.

The spread of the coronavirus is unfortunately having a major impact on our business with temporary
store closings felt across multiple continents, including store closures across Europe, the Americas and
Australia. Our wholesale customers and licensees have been similarly impacted, which, in turn, negatively
impacts PVH. Our digital sites and those of our key partners continue to service consumers, and we are
seeing significant growth there. Depending on the market, we are seeing anywhere from 20% to over
50% growth on online versus last year, which we are balancing with the health and safety of our workers
in the distribution center, making sure goods get to consumers. As a reminder, our digital business in 2019
was up approximately 20% globally and now represents about 12% of our total revenues versus 10% in
2018.

In China, we are seeing some encouraging early signs of recovery. All of our stores have reopened, but
stores are operating with shorter hours, and approximately 95% of our franchisee stores are also open.
We are seeing some rebound in sales with improvement week over week. And for the month of March,
total business was down only about 35%, but digital sales are comping up closer to plus 40%. We know it
clearly will take some time to return to normality and hope that our other regions will follow a similar path
to normal business once the pandemic has passed.

Before I go into our business review and forward-looking comments, I want to touch on a few topics given
the current climate. The health of our balance sheet remains our core strength. We recently drew down
about $750 million from our revolver, which gives us over $1.2 billion in cash and available borrowings.
We ended the fourth quarter with a gross leverage ratio of 2.2x and a net leverage ratio of 1.9x. Cash
preservation is a critical focus of area of us now. We suspended our stock repurchasing program and also
suspended our cash dividend beginning in the first quarter of 2020.

Cost-cutting measures have been implemented. We have taken a hard look at expenses and are reducing
or canceling discretionary spending and variable expenses in many areas to navigate successfully and
take the pressure off the business. This includes our marketing expenditures, although we continue to
invest in our digital businesses as this is a critical channel for us to maintain our connection with our
consumers and to transact globally with our consumers. As of now, store associates in the U.S., Canada
and Europe continue to be paid through this week and next, and we are evaluating aiding any and all
payroll opportunities and salary reductions, including looking at what different governments are offering as
relief packages in each region.

We took a hard look at capital expenditures and now expect to spend around $190 million in CapEx
for 2020, about a 45% reduction from 2019, as we have canceled or delayed capital projects that are
not business-critical at this time. On the supply side, our supply chain is one of our key competitive
advantages, and we have strong relationships with long-term partners. Therefore, we've been able
to reduce our inventory commitments for the fall season, and we are redeploying some inventories,
particularly core and core fashion from summer to fall; and consolidating some seasons, particularly
holiday and spring, which will give us more time to make better decisions about making inventory
commitments.

As we operate in so many countries around the world, we have a task force headed up by Stefan Larsson,
our President, reviewing all options, including government relief and support and different inventory

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

PVH CORP. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 02, 2020

programs that we would utilize in each region. We will take advantage of any government support that's
available to us as it is appropriate.

Lastly, as a reminder, in January, we announced our transaction to sell our Speedo business to Pentland,
which is expected to close in April or this coming month for our business. And we will take advantage of
that support of about $170 million that will come in as cash sometime in April.

Before I go into our financial review, I just want to take a moment and reiterate my confidence in PVH and
the strengths that we have that will enable us to navigate this crisis. Our brands are iconic with incredibly
strong brand health across the board. We have great consumer brand loyalty, and we are taking this
opportunity to deepen our connection with the consumers even further as we leverage our always-on
digital approach. The diversification of our business is a true advantage, both from a regional and a brand
point of view. And we have significant category and regional opportunities to further extend our brands
after the pandemic subsides. While the near term is uncertain, I do believe that PVH will emerge from this
even stronger given the strength of our brand, our people and our strong competitive balance sheet.

Moving on to the business. We are pleased with the fourth quarter results, especially in light of the
challenging and volatile global backdrop. Our revenues rose 6% on a constant currency basis, which
significantly exceeded our previous guidance and exceeded it by about $100 million. I think that clearly
demonstrates the momentum that we saw in the business, particularly in the December holiday season
and in the January period, right before the coronavirus hit.

Outperformance was principally driven by our international businesses, which represented about $75
million of the $100 million beat. Europe, in particular, was strong, but also China.

In North America, we saw an outperformance against our plans of about $25 million in sales, and that was
driven principally by our retail businesses, which comped significantly ahead of our initial plans. Our brand
health in the region -- all regions is very strong for both Tommy Hilfiger and Calvin Klein, and we feel we
significantly outperformed our competition in the fourth quarter. Tommy continued to see an excellent
response to its lifestyle offerings, which enabled us to continue to get -- gain share from regional and
global competitors. Calvin Klein in Europe continued to see great trajectory of growth, and we remain
confident in the long-term path to $2 billion in revenues, which were just about double our business from
today, as we expanded both category offerings and capitalized on the consumer appetite for the brand.

If we look to the current state of the business in Europe, obviously, the region today is quite challenged
due to the coronavirus epidemic. Our stores remain temporarily closed as per government regulations and
so are those of certain of our key wholesale partners. Before the COVID-19 outbreak, our strong order
books were for both brands, plus 12% for spring; and for fall, were plus 12% for Tommy and over 20%
increase for Calvin Klein. However, in light of the crisis, there will be some pressure from our partners, and
we need to support them through this period and allow for some level of cancellations in order to move
goods through and in order to get inventories back in line. We will continue to manage this situation in
order to position our both Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger for long-term growth in Europe.

Moving to North America. We had a great holiday season relative to our plans. Our wholesale business has
performed quite well for both Tommy and Calvin, particularly on digital channels where we continue to
grow our penetration. We remain a key account for our wholesale partners. Our brands are traffic drivers.

In our North America retail business in North America, Calvin Klein posted an 800 basis point acceleration
in comp stores relative to the third quarter, which we were very pleased with. Comps overall for the
quarter came in at plus 4%. However, we saw traffic in sales under pressure during the fourth quarter
due to lower visits from international tourists, especially as we got closer to the Lunar New Year period in
January. This had a particular impact on our Tommy Hilfiger retail business, which has about 40% of its
sales coming from tourists and led us to take deeper discounts and markdowns.

Currently, in North America, there are clearly store closures for both our own stores and those of our
wholesale partners. These temporary closures are pressuring our business, and we expect that we will
have to deal with some pressure from order cancellations as we move forward. We're working with all of
our retail partners to manage that and to manage the inventory flow.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

PVH CORP. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 02, 2020

Finally, for our results in Asia. I'd like to highlight that China showed a significant improvement in the
fourth quarter relative to third quarter trends, with Tommy Hilfiger's fourth quarter comps up double digits
and Calvin Klein fourth quarter comps flat. But in January, we saw significant increases, particularly in
China. Obviously, this trend reversed with the coronavirus outbreak where we saw a significant drop in
business in the fourth week of January and then moving to February.

As I mentioned earlier, the majority of our stores in Asia are now open, and we have seen a resurgence in
business, which I will go into in more detail. Let me begin with talking about Tommy Hilfiger first. Tommy
Hilfiger continued to experience momentum during the fourth quarter. Brand health remains strong as we
continue to deliver differential product assortments and engaging consumer experiences. We had exciting
partnerships, including our sponsorship of the 2020 Hahnenkamm ski races in Australia where Tommy
Hilfiger did a full brand takeover. This was in addition to our new capsule collections, including a joint
captain (sic) [ capsule ] collection with Lewis Hamilton and Grammy award-winning singer and songwriter
H.E.R.

From a business position, Tommy increased its revenue an impressive 12% in the quarter and 13% on
a constant currency basis, which significantly exceeded our revenue guidance by about $75 million.
However, earnings declined 13% during the quarter, while earnings on Tommy Hilfiger business were
up year-over-year during the quarter. This was offset by several factors, most notably the continued
gross margin pressure in North America retail business to clear goods as well as the negative impact of
additional inventory reserves that were unexpected at the time that we gave items in anticipation of lower
sales caused by the coronavirus.

By segment, our international business continued to show strength with revenues up 22% on a constant
currency basis, and overall comp stores up 10% with comp store increases particularly in Europe
and China, which exceeded our guidance. Tommy's European business continued to outperform as it
experienced double-digit revenue growth with strength across all channels of distribution in all markets
and product categories. We believe that our market-leading position is driven by our excellent product,
our compelling price-value proposition and strong brand power, which is allowing us to take share from
regional and global competitors.

Our Asia business posted revenue growth during the fourth quarter. China was very strong for us with
comps up double digit. We also experienced strong momentum in our Japan business and had the benefit
of the addition of revenues from the acquisitions of our Australia and Central and Southern European
Tommy businesses.

In North America, revenues declined only 2%, and margins were down -- but margins were down sharply.
We continued to see very favorable trends at wholesale as our brand outperformed competition throughout
holiday. However, results for our business -- our retail business, which were planned, were extremely
challenged as we continue to take heavy markdowns to end the year clean with inventory.

Our global licensing business continued to be very favorable for us, particularly with G-III on our women's
business, that continues to be an excellent partner for us and continue to exceed all of our sales plans for
the Tommy Hilfiger women's business.

Despite the current pandemic, we continue to having incredible confidence in the long-term opportunities
for the Tommy Hilfiger brand from category and regional expansion opportunities and the ability to
optimize our distribution network globally.

Let me move to Calvin Klein now. We continue to expand -- experience brand heat during the fourth
quarter. We deepened our connections with consumers by delivering compelling product, engaging brand
experiences, and we're providing a platform for self-expression for our consumers. Importantly, we made
significant progress to reposition and refocus the brand with an enhanced product focus. We recently
launched CK Everyone, a clean fragrance; alongside the new CK One underwear and jeans collection,
marking our first-ever cross-category marketing launch that spans both fragrance and fashion. This was a
global launch for us for the brand.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

PVH CORP. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 02, 2020

We also debuted the spring Calvin Klein jeans and Calvin Klein underwear campaign, featuring new spring
offerings and starring Justin Bieber, Lay Zhang, among other key talent people.

Moving to the business. Overall revenues decreased 2% or 1% on a constant currency basis. If you
remove the jeans business, which was transferred to our G-III partner, business was up overall 1%, which
beat our guidance by approximately $25 million. The only softness in business that we saw was in Asia in
Hong Kong during the fourth quarter driven by the protest that continued, which had a major impact on
that market's position -- sales position overall. By region, Calvin Klein international revenues increased
8% on a constant currency business (sic) [ basis ] with comp stores increasing overall by 1%. And if you
remove the Hong Kong business from that comp store number, comp stores increased ex Hong Kong by
5%.

We continue to see excellent momentum in our European and our China business. Consumers responded
well to our offerings for holiday, and performance was broad-based across our channels, markets and
product categories. In Asia, we were pleased to see a notable acceleration in China during the quarter. Our
trends were quite favorable before the coronavirus escalated.

Bearing that, we've made progress relating to our products and consumer engagement. And I think you
can see that in the momentum we saw in sales, particularly in December and January, as we started to
deliver new spring product. Our digital businesses continued to see excellent growth as the consumer is
increasingly shopping online, and we added more online activation to drive overall engagement. Overall,
we were very pleased with Asia's performance outside of Hong Kong, which continued to be impacted by
the protest in the fourth quarter.

In North America, revenues declined 11%, largely driven by our decision to license the jeans business
to G-III. Wholesale was a positive story for us, particularly our performance in the digital channels. Our
retail business posted a sequential acceleration with comps up 4% in the fourth quarter. We were quite
pleased with these results, which were achieved in conjunction with an improvement in far fewer and less
promotional lockdowns than last year.

As we look past the current global backdrop, we continue to see strong long-term growth opportunities for
the Calvin Klein brand, most notably our expansion in Europe, which we believe is at least $1 billion sales
opportunity for us, driving both our -- driven both through all channels of distribution as we move forward.
We continue to leverage our growth in the digital opportunities and leveraging our growth opportunities
across Asia.

Finally, moving to our Heritage business. We continue to feel pressure due to the challenging North
America retail environment in our Heritage Brands that really impact moderate price points such as our
Heritage businesses. Revenues for the business declined 1% with flat comps in our own retail stores.
Operating margins remained under pressure as planned as gross margin expansion in the business was
offset by expense deleverage on the expense side. We will continue to look for additional ways to optimize
and streamline the Heritage business in the future to generate enhanced returns. And we remain on track,
as I mentioned before, with the sale of our Speedo business, which should occur in April.

Before I pass things over to Mike, I want to highlight that PVH's 140-year history is marked by a strong
resiliency. We have overcome countless challenges, including the Great Depression, 2 world wars and the
Great Recession in 2008. As we move forward, we have tremendous opportunities across PVH's business
model to capture long-term sustainable profit growth from driving meaningful engagements with our
consumers to continuous improvement in product at Calvin Klein to capturing the global distribution
opportunities for both Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger. And we continue to look for ways to optimize our
business model whether through the supply chain or through efficiencies across the business.

I believe that our core strengths, our talented people, our iconic brands and our strong financial
fundamentals and our balance sheet -- our conservative balance sheet will continue to serve as key
competitive advantages for us as we -- and will allow us to come out of this crisis stronger than we came
in.

And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Mike to talk about the financial results in more detail. Mike?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

PVH CORP. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 02, 2020

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating & Financial Officer

Thanks, Manny. The comments I'm about to make are based on non-GAAP results and are reconciled in
our press release. I'm going to briefly touch on the fourth quarter of 2019 and then move on to 2020.

Our reported revenues were up 5% and up 6% on a constant currency basis, and revenues were much
stronger than our previous guidance. Tommy Hilfiger revenues were very strong, up 12% as reported
and 13% on a constant currency basis. And ForEx exceeded our previous guidance. Tommy Hilfiger
International revenues increased 20% as reported and were up 22% on a constant currency basis. The
Tommy Hilfiger International revenue increase was driven by continued outperformance in Europe and
the revenue from our Australia and Tommy Hilfiger Central and Southeast Asia acquisitions. International
comp store sales were up 10%.

Tommy Hilfiger North America revenues declined 2%. Growth in the wholesale business was offset by
North America comp sales down 6%, primarily due to the lower traffic and spending in our stores in
international tourist locations.

Our Calvin Klein revenues were down 2% as reported and decreased 1% on a constant currency basis and
were better than our previous guidance. Calvin Klein International revenues increased 6% as reported and
were up 8% on a constant currency basis driven by continued growth in Europe and the revenue from our
Australia acquisition, partially offset by softness in Asia due to the Hong Kong protests.

Our international comp store sales were up 1%. Calvin Klein North America revenues decreased 11%. Our
wholesale business revenues were negatively impacted compared to the prior year by the licensing of our
women's jeans business to G-III. North America comp sales were up 4%. Heritage revenues were down
1% to the prior year and below our previous guidance. Our Heritage retail business comp store sales were
relatively flat to the prior year.

Our non-GAAP earnings per share was $1.88, which was $0.09 better than our previous guidance. The
EPS beat versus previous guidance was driven by outperformance in our Tommy Hilfiger and Calvin Klein
businesses for approximately $0.31 and favorable interest and taxes of $0.03. These beats were partially
offset by additional inventory reserves we needed to approximately $0.25 because the onset of the virus
occurred in Asia at the end of our fourth quarter.

For the full year 2019, we ended the year with record revenue of $9.9 billion, an increase of 3% versus
the prior year, and non-GAAP earnings per share of $9.54.

Moving on to 2020. Our first quarter and full year 2020 results will be significantly negatively impacted
by the COVID-19 pandemic. The duration and extent of the pandemic is highly uncertain, and our results
could be impacted in ways we are not able to predict today. As a result, we are not in a position to issue
guidance for the quarter of fiscal year 2020. We're monitoring the situation closely with regard to our
associates, customers, business partners and supply chain. We feel we are well positioned to manage
through these uncertain times. We ended 2019 with cash of $503 million and with inventory levels down
7% compared to the prior year.

We're taking a number of steps to preserve liquidity and financial flexibility. We feel very comfortable with
our liquidity position as we've drawn down from our revolving credit facility, in addition to suspending
share repurchases under our stock repurchase program. Our mandatory long-term debt repayments in
2020 are only $14 million. This is in addition to suspending our cash dividend beginning with the second
quarter of 2020. Our previously announced dividend was paid on March 31 and was not impacted by the
suspension. We're reviewing every opportunity to eliminate discretionary spending. We are cutting capital
expenditures to approximately $190 million from $345 million in the prior year, with capital expenditures
only for minimum requirements in our retail stores and for projects currently in progress related to
systems and warehouses.

We are also reducing operating expenses, including reviewing payroll opportunities and reducing all
nonpayroll expenses, including creative marketing and travel. We're also tightly managing working capital.
We are adjusting inventory levels by canceling and delaying orders. We're extending payment terms to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

PVH CORP. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 02, 2020

both merchandise and nonmerchandise vendor invoices or suspending the payment of rent temporarily
and delaying or canceling planned new store openings.

Also, as a reminder, our sale of Speedo North America business to Pentland Group PLC, the parent
company of Speedo brand, is expected to close in the first quarter of 2020 for $170 million cash, subject
to a working capital adjustment.

We will give guidance for future quarters and the year once there is more clarity on the impact and
duration of the COVID-19 pandemic. As we work through 2020, our financial discipline will help us take
advantage of the opportunities available to us to withstand the current pressures on our business and
emerge from the crisis well positioned to capture long-term sustainable profitable growth.
And with that, operator, we'll open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

PVH CORP. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 02, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We will take our first question today from Bob Drbul of Guggenheim Securities.

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

I do have a couple of questions. I think the first question that I was hoping you guys could expand
upon is generally, when you look at the channel globally, and you did talk about the need for some
markdowns and cancellations, can you just talk through exactly where you see the biggest concerns on
your inventories in the channel and what's coming over from Asia and your sourcing? And then the second
question, I don't know, it's probably for Mike. Mike, can you just talk a little bit about the biggest buckets
of expense opportunity as you think about where you could pull the levers, whether it is payroll, whether
it is rent, even on the marketing side, just sort of how you're really approaching it? If you could expand
upon those 2 questions, that would be great.

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

Bobby, thanks for the question. Everybody just get it out of the way. I feel fine. You saw me on TV
yesterday. I'm one of the fortunate ones. Whatever symptoms, they have been unbelievably mild. And I've
been able to continue to work and operate and focus on the business.

From a -- look, spring/summer inventory is the biggest issue that everybody is dealing with, first. Goods
are coming in. Goods have been ordered. Prior to the pandemic and the crisis, as we ended the year
with -- our inventory is down 7%. I could tell you, we were going in, in the channel, department stores
across the board in North America, Asia and Europe. In our own stores, we were going into the year very
clean and feeling really good with tremendous amount of momentum. I got to tell you, we were really
feeling great in January before this all hit us and felt we were going to be starting the first quarter with
a tremendous amount of momentum and the ability to continue to grow margins and add to our top line
growth.

Obviously, that all changed within a couple of week period of time. The biggest challenge we're facing is
that we've lost -- we have to assume that stores are going to be closed at a minimum through April here
in North America and Europe, our 2 biggest markets. And we've lost at least 6 and -- to 8 weeks of spring
selling and spring selling in the heart of the season. So I mean, you have to think of it that way. When you
think about Easter, when you think about March, April, that's the heart of the season. As you're going into
it, that's your biggest areas of doing full-price selling as you go in. So that losing that's -- that anywhere
from 6 to 8 to 10 weeks of sales is really where the pressure point is going to be. And what we're looking
at and stepping is really taken on is with the regions. And our brands across the board is what we're really
looking at that inventory, making some judgments about what we should promote and liquidate through
our own stores or through some partner accounts to really go after it.

The other piece that we're really looking hard at there is what should we repurpose and utilize to sell into
the season and to sell through the season as we go forward. And we're looking at the ability to potentially
pack and hold some really good merchandise that's in the warehouse that we'll use and maybe have to
carry for a few months to bring it out as we go forward. So we're looking at all of those from a channel
point of view as we think about inventory.

When we think about inventory for fall, we've done a lot of things for ourselves. Stefan has worked with
the teams with Daniel Grieder in Europe, with Tom Chu in Asia and Cheryl and Ken Duane here in the
United States, to really look at the inventory pipeline and with our logistics teams to really look at how
that pipeline would be worked, try to push out with our partners to push inventory commitments out
at least an additional 4 to 5 weeks, so we'll have some more visibility. We have been able to have deep

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

PVH CORP. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 02, 2020

conversations with our retail partners about what makes sense to cancel and what really is necessary as
we go forward. So we're trying to balance that as we look at it.

I think it's -- the risk/reward today is to have less inventory and chase later, if we need more goods. The
best story, if we're sitting here in the third quarter of this year and I'm sitting with you telling we're low on
inventory and we're chasing fall, that would be a real excellent problem to have as we go forward.

Mike, are you going to take the second part of the question?

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating & Financial Officer

Sure. Hey, Bob, as it relates to expenses, Bob, the big buckets, we're very focused on virtually any
discretionary expense. So when you think about what that means for us, it's basically -- we're taking a
hard look at payrolls. We're taking a hard look at salary reductions. We're taking a hard look at marketing,
any expense that is actually discretionary. Obviously, travel is down to 0 now, and we're going to clamp
down in travel moving forward. And it will just be a matter of doing the right things in the short term to
be in a position that when things do get better and we do open, we have the base ready to move, ready
to staff up and ready to reopen with the appropriate tools at their availability. So we're making every
discretionary cut we can at this point. Really, it's anything discretionary.

Operator

We now move to Erinn Murphy of Piper Jaffray (sic) [ Piper Sandler ].

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

I guess my first question is on digital. It sounds like it's relatively outperformed, particularly as you've
shuttered the stores across the globe. Can you just talk a little bit more about what you're seeing there?
And maybe using China as kind of a launch point, just given we've seen a bit more recovery there. And
then within that $190 million CapEx budget for the year, what are the biggest buckets there? And how is
digital and data investment kind of prioritized within the CapEx budget this year?

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

Sure. Mike, I'm going to answer the first part. You'll take the CapEx. So just give me a moment to
just respond. Look, the digital transaction has been the bright spot throughout this. It's -- even before
the coronavirus, we were seeing 20% growth in our digital business. And our penetration for 2019,
we've always talked about 10%, has grown to 12% overall digital penetration to PVH. I think this -- the
pandemic is only accelerated that, not only in the short time frame, but I think it's also impacted the way
consumers are going to shop going forward.

I think -- I was on Mad Money last night being interviewed, and I talked about it is -- I always had a
general belief, and I think I've spoken on a number of calls and conferences about that over the next
5 to 6 years, we're going to continue to see consolidation in the retail industry. And we're going to see
-- and wholesale apparel industry. And I thought that would be a 5-, 6-year path. I think this pandemic
accelerates that. It accelerates the consumers' comfort level with buying apparel online. I think it
accelerates the potential store closures and the C and D and E stores closing as we go forward. And we'll
get to a healthier store base. We've always talked about that, especially in the U.S., there is too many
stores. Our sales per -- sales per square foot per capita are by far the highest in the world. And it would
be healthy to see that happen. But obviously, it's also going to be painful as we go through that process.

I think that what we're seeing in digital and the kind of growth market by market, we're seeing -- you see
anywhere from 20% to 60% growth, depending on the channel. In China, our penetration continues to
grow. We were somewhere in the neighborhood of about a 15% penetration in China. And I think that this
year, it wouldn't surprise us if that moved to 20% as we're seeing outsized growth in our digital channel.
We're growing digitally between 35% and 40% on digital sales. And that's a very high margin. So we're
not out there promoting. We're out there connecting with our consumers, but we're not doing from a
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

PVH CORP. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 02, 2020

price point basis. We're doing it at a very positive level. So I think that's a bright spot, and I think it will
continue to be a bright spot.

And on the cap side, that one -- capital expense side, that's one area where we haven't backed off,
continue to make investments to support that business.

Mike, do you want to talk about the CapEx?

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating & Financial Officer

Yes. Look, I think you said it. It's -- we took our CapEx down from $390 million to $190 million. And
basically, we've cut out discretionary. So what we've seen is we've taken out renovations. We've taken
anything that doesn't have to happen.

The one place we've left dollars in is to stabilize, expand and grow our digital business. That includes e-
commerce. It also includes our consumer data efforts. It also includes not just our owned and operated e-
commerce but gateways, pathways and support to work with some of the bigger players in the pure-play
area. So that's still in our plans, and we hope to execute that -- on that this year.

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

I'm trying to direct this call. And the person, besides our China manage -- country management team and
the person was probably closer to this and has really been working directly with Tmall, in particular, is
Stefan. Stefan, maybe you could just make a few comments about the relationship and some of the things
that are happening and we plan to see happen in that channel.

Stefan Larsson
President

Yes. Thank you, Manny. And Erinn, when it comes to managing through the crisis with the regions, and
in particular with Europe and China where we have -- also in North America, so when it comes to e-
commerce, overall, as Manny said, we see strong comps across the board. And what we are doing is that
we are working in Europe closely with Zalando. We're working with Amazon in North America. And we are
working very closely with Tmall in China. And some of the product launches that we have planned coming
in before knowing about this crisis, we redirected even more focused digitally, and it's worked really well.
One example is the CK One product launch that Manny mentioned. And through this crisis, we partnered
up with Tmall and had a very successful activation, very good reception from our consumers.

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

And Erinn, the only other thing I would add in North America on a digital point of view is with our key
accounts, particularly Macy's, the Macy's.com business continues to be strong for us. And we continue to
have strong consumer connections there and seeing really strong growth as they've tried to redirect.

Operator

Our next question is from Jay Sole of UBS.

Jay Daniel Sole
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

My question is on promotions because 1 feature of the situation is it's not just 1 company that has an
inventory challenge to deal with. It's every company. It seems like a global issue. How much do you --
how promotional do you think it's going to get out there? And what kind of impact might it have on gross
margin, generally speaking?

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

PVH CORP. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 02, 2020

Listen, I think that's the big question. And I think -- look, objectively speaking, this is not an industry that
has had across the board great inventory control metrics in place. That said, I think as we came out of
holiday going into the first quarter, there was a tremendous cleanup that went on in the fourth quarter
across the board to get inventories back in line. So at the end of January, what we saw was -- as a bright
spot was inventories that were really under control throughout the channel, department stores, North
America and Europe. And then even competitively, everyone took advantage of the good selling that was
going on overall. And everyone saw some level of margin pressure when they reported earnings. But I
think a big piece of that margin pressure was the objective to make sure inventories were clean as we
went into 2020.

I think inventory was bought with more discipline because you heard us all complaining on our third
quarter calls about open-to-buy dollars being so tight, and the retailers are trying to get turned under
control. So that's all true. But I also think that there's going to be a significant amount of inventory. The
loss of, let's say, 8 weeks of selling in spring will make the environment promotional, and we've planned
for that in our cash flow. We've planned for that in our projections. And I think it's going to be a reality for
a period of time.

Jay Daniel Sole
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Got it. And then maybe just one more, if I could add on to that. As far as like the seasonal goods, and you
talked about some of the core and core basic items that you can shift to, how much flexibility is there with
those core items to maybe leave them in a distribution center until a year from now to the next season?
And maybe did they have a longer shelf life than people realize in this environment, how much can you
sort of just assume that there's not a lot of sales happening, you can just hold on to that inventory for
maybe a longer period of time, and so in the future without have to take maybe super big markdowns on
those items?

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Look, I'll give a quick answer, and then I'll just ask Stefan to really comment on that inventory
management. But I think pack and hold, which we have historically not been big believers in, we try to
turn the inventory into cash. If there's -- the old story is in apparel. If you're having a sales problem,
this is not like wine that gets better with age. Your inventory gets worse. This is a completely different
situation, and we have to have a completely different mindset. And I think a lot will depend on what the
off-price promotional market looks like about how aggressive we would have to be in order to clear goods.
And if it's too aggressive, I think we'll do exactly what you said, and we will pack and hold core that will --
that doesn't have a big seasonality to it. And then core plus that has a level of seasonality to it, I could see
us packing it up for a period of time because there's -- the goods haven't hit the floor. The goods are in
scale. I don't believe the goods would be out of cycle or -- from that point of view. So we will take a hard
look at that and balance that with our cash flow and balance sheet requirements. But given the strength
of our balance sheet, I think it's something that we will have as a tool that a lot of our competitors that
are not nearly as well capitalized as we are, are not going to have the benefit of carrying goods for 6 or 9
months to get to spring next year and have quality goods to sell.

So that model has been used extensively by the off-price channel, the T.J.s and the losses. And I think
we're going to have to take a lesson out of that and maybe have to park some inventory for a period of
time. Interest rates are very low, and we'll take advantage of that as we go forward.

Stefan, I hope I left you something to comment on.

Stefan Larsson
President

Yes. Thank you, Manny. And Jay, yes, when it comes to the inventory and receipt part of navigating
through the crisis, we are starting with -- the most important first step is that as soon as we saw this
coming playing out, we froze everything that hasn't been cut. So we bought ourselves time to take the
right actions.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

PVH CORP. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 02, 2020

And then if we look at the inventory that is more towards core, it's a strength that we have. Both in Calvin
and Tommy, we have a strong core, a lot of essential products that are less seasonally dependent. And we
also have a replenishment system there that gives us much better opportunity to react.

When it comes to the more seasonal part of the assortment, it's the time we're taking while we have
this freeze is to plan through what we're going to redirect, how we adjust flow timing, as Manny talked
through, how we adjust volumes. So we have significant opportunities to, in this very difficult situation, try
to optimize inventory and receive as much as possible and then with the biggest strength being our core.

Operator

Our next question is from Michael Binetti of Crédit Suisse.

Michael Charles Binetti
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I'll start with saying nice job over the holidays. Manny, you mentioned last night, I see that you think
that this could cause some consolidation in the industry. Does that mean the retailers? Or do you see the
brands starting to merge? And you said you think this could accelerate some of the structural pressures
the industry has faced over in last few years. And the last time you said that from memory was a couple of
years ago, and it proved quite fresh, and we saw inventories in the channel step change down a lot lower
and saw hundreds of closures across the department stores. You have said that. What are you seeing
today that drove those comments as you thoughts have been very helpful in the past?

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

So look, we're not -- what we're -- there's a personal opinion, but I think it's -- and I think it's shared by
many, is the retail industry, the department store and specialty store apparel area, fundamentally, there's
too many stores. And I think that you start with that as a premise. Also, the consumer getting more and
more comfortable shopping online. I think the winners are going to be those retailers that invested in
their online capabilities. I believe in the omnichannel approach. Brick-and-mortar is not going away, but it
needs to be coupled and needs to be aligned with your digital strategy. And it needs to be an experience
that the consumer has that has no disruption in it. It needs to be clean, and it needs to be able to flow
directly to them. And it needs to be experienced that doesn't have a lot of problems in it.

And I think a number of our players in North America, Macy's has made major investments there. And
Nordstrom and a couple of other key players, including Kohl's, has really started to move in that direction.
And I think you're going to see more of that. You're seeing retailers doing curbside pickup, and I think
that's only going to continue. I think -- so those kinds of things, I think, are going to accelerate that
thought process.

The other thing is there's a reality to this situation. And I think balance sheets are going to be stretched.
Valuations are dramatically down from where they were just 2, 3 months ago when we opened the
year. And given that, I think there is the opportunity -- there will be the opportunity to potentially do
acquisitions and bring players together. And the old story that 1 plus 1 equals 4, where you can -- where
particularly in a retail situation, there's tremendous leverage that you get from your fixed costs and your
back office, being able to spread the investments over a larger base that you need to make in your digital
investments, all of those things taking into play -- prior to the pandemic, I felt that we were going to see
consolidation in the industry. I think the pandemic has done nothing but accelerate that. It's -- no matter
what happens here, balance sheets will be weakened from where they were prior to this. Valuations are
going to be lower. And I think -- given all that dynamic, I think there will be opportunity for consolidation.
And I think you'll probably see an acceleration of store closings.

That's my theory. And I think it's a good way for us to think about how we have to plan the business and
how we have to think about it strategically.

Michael Charles Binetti
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

PVH CORP. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 02, 2020

Right. If I could follow that -- I would generally agree with that. Obviously, the retailers didn't come into
this period with a model for an extended period of 0 revenues across their businesses. So we've done
some work looking at the retail side, and just based on a few reasonable scenarios, it looks like there --
until we get better visibility on how long these stores are going to be closed in the U.S. and Europe, there
could be some liquidity concerns on the retailer side. So I'm just -- I'm curious, what are you -- how are
you thinking about your business? And what are you going to have to do to help the retailers manage
inventory as they think about solvency and liquidity here in the near term in ways they haven't had in
several years?

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

Look, that's -- yes, that's a major issue in our thinking as we go forward. It's a major consideration as
we plan our inventory buys. We look at the North America landscape, and these are -- we look at our
customer base, which has historically been a very financially successful group of companies that are --
that in normal times are well capitalized and positioned that we really don't give much thought to credit
being a major issue for these players. We've had to deal with some levels with some weaker players like
Sears and whatever that went on years ago. But as we look at our major customers, it hasn't been.

We have to take that all into consideration as we plan and move forward. I think they have plenty of levers
to pull, including their real estate has potentially cash-generating assets that help -- may help them get
through this as they move forward. And like you said, a lot is going to depend. If the stores open up in
May, I think it's -- everybody -- it's back to getting into business. But if it's 3 months after that, I think
then there's going to be a real liquidity crisis as we go forward, and there's going to be winners and losers
and potential financial hardship that comes with that. And we're going to have -- we're trying to plan
accordingly.

Operator

We move to Ike Boruchow of Wells Fargo.

Irwin Bernard Boruchow
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I guess maybe to add on to Mike's question. When you think about not necessarily your retail business
and retail volume and what happens in stores reopen, but specifically on the U.S. wholesale side, when
you piece that business together and you think about a recovery into '21, how do you think about that
component of the business? Do you think about it as the light switch goes on, and all of a sudden,
volumes go back to 2019 levels? Is there a portion of that business that maybe does that but another
portion that maybe takes a year to 3, 4, 5 years to get volume back? I'm just trying to understand how
you think that your -- some of your partners in the U.S. will begin reorder activity and begin to take
volumes in inventory up again.

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

Okay. I think there's 2 questions in here. I think there's, what do I think -- how do we -- what do I think
and how are we planning the business when stores open. We're going to use the China model because I
think it's the best model we have. It's also the one that makes the most sense to us. So just to put that
into perspective and what that means for us. In China, we came into December, January comping up
5%, business very strong. The last week of January through February when the stores closed and there
was all the disruption in China and those -- we saw the business go down to minus 85%, 90%. Basically,
everything was being done digitally.

Beginning end of February, business opened. And for the month of March, overall, our business in China
is back to about 65%. In the last week, it's probably close to being back to 70% of the business. Digital
continues to be very strong. What we're seeing is in the major cities like Beijing and Hong Kong -- Beijing
and Shanghai, we're seeing in those cities that are driven by, in some respect, international tourism. And
we have the controls and store hours where the controls are tighter on movement and where the tourism

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

PVH CORP. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 02, 2020

has been a big impact on that business in those key cities. There is no tourism going on. Those 2 cities are
feeling it much more than the rest of China at large. So it just gives you a sense of where we are.

We're expecting that as we get into the month of April, that minus 30% will move to minus 20%. And then
we get into May, minus 20% will move to minus 15% or 10%. And we are assuming when we get into the
second half of the year, we will start to -- assuming that the pandemic goes the way we hope it does, that
business will start to get back to a more normal level as we get into the second half of the year. That's
how we're planning it.

I think that's a prudent way for us to plan the way North America will come back as well. I don't think
when stores open that the first thing consumers are going to do are going to run out to buy apparel
and accessories and get online and go into stores immediately. I think it's going to be a ramp-up as
that happens, as people get more and more comfortable with the situation. And I think that's how we're
planning it. I hope that was helping.

Irwin Bernard Boruchow
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Yes. And Manny, it would be helpful if you could think about the whole -- I'm also concerned about the
wholesale business and the reorder...

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

I think the wholesale -- what you're saying is, what do I think department store sales trends will be?
I think they'll be exactly what I just said. I don't know what -- I think the Macy's did. I think a retailer
that's got big urban stores that have a big tourist component associated with that, I think those will ramp
up slower. And I think the middle of America, I think not -- the nonmall-based retailers that are in strip
centers or whatever, I think that the likelihood is, I think, those will come back stronger. So I think that's
the picture that we are looking at and as we're planning inventories that we're thinking about. I guess
that, that is anybody's guess.

And I think we're going to -- this will be our last question. It's already 5 after 10, and we're going to try to
get back to running the business from our living rooms.

Operator

We will take our final question from Kimberly Greenberger of Morgan Stanley.

Kimberly Conroy Greenberger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Manny, you mentioned that in aggregate, I think your March sales declined to 35%. I assume this is a
global number. And I -- I'm imagining...

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

No, no, Kimberly, just a minute. Kimberly, 35%, we were talking about Asia. We were talking about China.
30 -- The United States is closed. So what's the question?

Kimberly Conroy Greenberger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. So that's a good clarification. So I thought in your prepared remarks when you mentioned March
sales were down 35%, I thought you were referring to your global number or to North America, not China.

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

PVH CORP. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 02, 2020

I was specifically speaking about China and trying to give you a sense of when the stores reopen what do
we see.

Kimberly Conroy Greenberger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. Got it. And then a comment -- I'm sorry?

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

Nothing. Go ahead, Kimberly.

Kimberly Conroy Greenberger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Any way for us to think about March or February and March total company global revenue? Basically,
where are you quarter-to-date on a global basis? And I think the path that you laid out for China is
extremely instructive, and we can certainly roll that through geography by geography based on the virus
spread. But if -- can you care to shed any light on where you guys are quarter-to-date? That would
be very helpful. And then your leverage calculation that you shared with us, are you factoring in store
operating leases into that leverage? Or what are the specific metrics that are going into your leverage
calculation?

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

Okay. I'm going to -- Dana will take the question after I answer the first one. Dana will take the question
on the leverage. And this way, I don't screw it up. Kimberly, we're not going to give up -- we're not giving
guidance, so we're not going to give you an update on sales right now. But let's put it into perspective.
The stores shut down in the middle of March. There is no sales going on brick-and-mortar in Europe, in
North America, in Australia, in Brazil, on major markets. The only thing that's opened up, and I gave you
the exact sales trends, what's going on in Asia, is Asia that's opened up. In Asia, our big markets, China, I
talked about in detail, our career has bounced back the strongest for us. There, our March business is only
down about 20%, and the last week was only down about 10%. And Japan seems to be following pretty
closely to what's going on in China. Those are our 3 big markets in Asia, and that's what gives us a level
of confidence about how we're thinking about planning the business once it's open.

It's very difficult to have any sense of what the sales are going to be because I have no crystal ball that's
going to tell me when stores are going to be opened. I could tell you, pre-coronavirus, sales trends comps
were very strong throughout. And then as the coronavirus started to impact us in February with tourism
or whatever, we started to see our comps get impacted to a degree, but then -- and then stores close. But
overall, we were still pretty happy with the kind of sales we were doing. And up until the very last week
when stores around us were closing and people were starting paddling, our business was off probably
around 50% overall, which we felt was really good given what was going on, on a store basis. But that
was the kind of trends we were seeing right before the stores closed for that week or a 10-day period.
Prior to that, business had been very strong for us. So I hope that helps. But trying to do modeling or
whatever is really very difficult now.

Dana, you want to talk about the leverage?

Dana M. Perlman
Senior VP of Business Development & Investor Relations and Treasurer

Yes. Thanks, Manny. And Kimberly, just on our -- the leverage that we quote is gross leverage. It does not
include leases. So gross leverage, 2.2x total debt to EBITDA; net leverage, 1.9x net debt to EBITDA.

Thank you. Manny, I'll hand it back to you.

Emanuel Chirico

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

PVH CORP. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 02, 2020

Chairman & CEO

Okay. Everyone, I thank you for the time today. I appreciate everybody joining us. Everybody, please stay
healthy, stay safe. You're all in my thoughts and my prayers, and take care of your families. Thank you for
joining us. Hopefully, we'll be speaking to you on our second quarter call, and we'll do -- we'll be doing it
in more normal state back in our offices. Take care.

Operator
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your
participation, you may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

PVH CORP. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 02, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

