PVH Corp. NYSE:PVH
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, September 03, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

(2.43)

0.13

Revenue  (mm)

1286.36

1580.70

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Sep-03-2020 11:45 AM GMT

NM

22.88

0.85

(2.66)

5.60

2012.22

7056.17

8824.72

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.99

1.81

(1.75)

(2.43)

3.10

1.88

(3.03)

0.13

3.68 %

3.87 %

NM

NM

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
PVH CORP. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Dana M. Perlman
Senior VP of Business
Development & Investor Relations
and Treasurer

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating
& Financial Officer

Stefan Larsson
President

ANALYSTS

Matthew Robert Boss
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Dana Lauren Telsey
Telsey Advisory Group LLC

Michael Charles Binetti
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Omar Regis Saad
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Irwin Bernard Boruchow
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Jamie Susan Merriman
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Jay Daniel Sole
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

John David Kernan
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Kimberly Conroy Greenberger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

PVH CORP. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the PVH Q2 2020 Earnings Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference
over to Dana Perlman. Please go ahead.

Dana M. Perlman
Senior VP of Business Development & Investor Relations and Treasurer

Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the PVH Corp. Second Quarter 2020
Earnings Conference Call. This webcast and conference call is being recorded on behalf of PVH and
consists of copyrighted material. It may not be recorded, rebroadcast or otherwise transmitted without
PVH's written permission. Your participation in the question-and-answer session constitutes your consent
to having anything you say appear on any transcript or replay of this call.

The information to be discussed includes forward-looking statements that reflect PVH's view as of
September 2, 2020, of future events and financial performance. These statements are subject to risks
and uncertainties indicated in the company's SEC filings, and the safe harbor statement included in the
press release that is the subject of this call. These risks and uncertainties include PVH's right to change its
strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions and its need to use significant cash flow to service its
debt obligations.

Significantly, at this time, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to have a significant impact on the
company's business financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. There is significant uncertainty
about the duration and extent of the impact of the pandemic.

The dynamic nature of the circumstances means what is said on this call could change materially at any
time. Therefore, the operation of the company's business and its future results of operations could differ
materially from historical practices and results for current descriptions, estimates and suggestions. PVH
does not undertake any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement, including, without
limitation, any estimates or suggestions regarding revenue or earnings.

Generally, the financial information and projections to be discussed will be on a non-GAAP basis as defined
under SEC rules. Reconciliation to GAAP amounts are included in PVH's second quarter 2020 earnings
release, which can be found in www.pvh.com and in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished
to the SEC in connection with the release.

At this time, I'm pleased to turn the conference over to Mr. Manny Chirico, Chairman and CEO of PVH.

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

Thank you very much. Good morning, everyone. Joining me on the call are Stefan Larsson, our President;
Mike Shaffer, our Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer; and Dana Perlman, Treasurer and
Senior Vice President, Business Development and Investor Relations.

I want to thank you all for joining us on the second quarter earnings call and also hope that you and
your families are healthy and safe. Our better-than-expected results reflect the hard work, determination
and flexibility of our talented associates across the world, and I can express how grateful I am for their
determination and dedication.

I would like to specifically acknowledge the incredible efforts from our store and distribution center
associates who are on the frontline and have kept our businesses running over the last couple of quarters
despite the challenging times and unconventional working dynamics.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

PVH CORP. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

The current backdrop has changed how we will all live probably forever from the COVID-19 pandemic and
its impacts to our everyday lives and to the social issues that we are embracing to drive positive changes
across our communities.

We continue to live by our purpose, which is to drive fashion forward for good. One of our most
noteworthy recent announcements was the hiring of our first ever chief diversity officer last month.
Together with our expanded inclusion and diversity team, we believe that we can continue to accelerate
our work to create an inclusive environment where every individual is valued and every voice is heard. We
also took key actions to evolve our business and drive an accelerated recovery.

We accelerated our digital agenda and reallocated additional resources to drive growth in this critically
important channel. We continue to optimize our brick-and-mortar presence, including announcing the
closure of our Heritage retail business in mid-2021. We will continue to review our footprint and what our
footprint looks like post COVID in our owned and operated network and through our wholesale partners.
We are focused on every expense line item, including our previously announced headcount reductions in
North America, and we will continue to evaluate further measures as we go forward.

We managed our inventories prudently while also increasing our inventory buys towards the comfort and
casual products that are working exceedingly well with consumers right now.

And lastly, we were opportunistic in the capital markets in early July and efficiently raised additional
capital to further support our already strong financial and liquidity position. We are confident that these
actions will position us well to navigate the COVID-19 pandemic and emerge as a stronger organization.

Turning to our second quarter performance. While our second quarter results continue to reflect a
significant disruption from the COVID-19 pandemic, they exceeded our expectations both from a top and
bottom line perspective. Our revenues declined 33% to $1.6 billion as our owned stores and wholesale
partner stores were closed for about 1 month on average during the quarter and our stores are operating
at significantly reduced hours and occupancy levels. We experienced better-than-expected performance
across all markets and channels as the casual brand lifestyles that Calvin and Tommy represent were even
more relevant with our consumers spending more time at home.

Digital continues to outperform, with total digital sales up 50%, including almost 90% growth in our
owned commerce sites. We continue to believe that digital sales can reach 20% of our sales in the next
couple of years while also contributing favorably to profits.

In our stores, while traffic was down, particularly in international tourist locations in North America, our
conversion was very strong. Gross margins were up 80 basis points driven by the mix shift benefit to our
international markets as well as more favorable markdown rates compared to what our expectations have
been.

As we expected, our SG&A deleveraged versus last year. However, there was a significant sequential
improvement versus the first quarter due to the higher revenue base as well as the full quarterly benefit of
our cost initiatives. All in all, we were quite pleased with our second quarter results, with us delivering EPS
of $0.13 a share.

Before I pass things over to Stefan, I'd like to address how we are approaching the second half of the
year particularly holiday. This will clearly be a unique holiday season, and we are highly strategic in our
approach to be competitive and gain share during this period. We are also being conservative in our sales
outlook for the fourth quarter given all the uncertainties resulting from the potential impact from the
COVID-19 virus. We believe we are in an excellent position given our inventory position and our sourcing
base to be able to meet any sales demand that comes that will be over our expectations.

While our brands and positioning are strong, we expect that the second half of the year will present itself
with a fair amount of volatility, especially if COVID-19 cases resurge. Our assortments will be focused
on relevant categories, and we are in a position to chase inventory if better-than-expected demand
materializes. We expect that brick-and-mortar traffic will remain under pressure and are looking into
creative ways to work around that while also driving people into our stores.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

PVH CORP. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

We will be redirecting resources to digital to support strong growth on our own sites as well as our pure-
play partners and other wholesale partners online. From a regional standpoint, we expect to see continued
outperformance in our international businesses. China continues to gain momentum for both Calvin
and Tommy. And we are pleased to see positive growth in the region, reflecting our brand health and
successful consumer engagement initiatives.

Europe, which has been our strongest market over the past few years, continues to demonstrate a strong
recovery. And we believe that we can continue to gain market share for holiday with our best seller
capsules planned and leverage our compelling brand propositions. We expect that most -- the most
pressure to continue to be felt in our North America businesses for several well-telegraphed reasons.

First, the resurgence of COVID-19 cases in states significantly impacting consumer shopping and spending
patterns. We expect store traffic will be pressured where the virus resurges.

Secondly, while back-to-school was never a big business for PVH, it was a traffic driver for outlet centers
and department stores that we are not experiencing at the same level this time this year.

And lastly, international tourist traffic to the United States, which typically represents about 30% to 40%
of our revenues, is down over 90% so far this year. And we do not expect it to come back during the
second half of 2020.

That said, the domestic consumer is shopping our stores and is excited and invigorated with our brands.
Our efforts for holiday in the U.S. will be focused on engaging with the local consumer in the United
States, leading with our Hero products and offering compelling price value propositions. We are also
prepared to begin the holiday sales season early, as a number of our retail partners, including Amazon
Prime, which will now be held in October instead of its usual timing in the summer, are all beginning the
holiday selling at an earlier time.

Overall, I am opportunistic about the opportunities ahead for PVH, both for the balance of this year and as
we look into the next few years.

We have a very powerful business model led by our incredible people, our iconic global brands and our
strong business and financial fundamentals. And I believe these competitive advantages will position us to
deliver long-term sustainable growth.

And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Stefan to go into some more detailed business perspective.

Stefan Larsson
President

Thank you, Manny, and good morning. Since we spoke last, our focus for our brands and regions in the
second quarter has increasingly been to lean into the execution towards an accelerated recovery and in
doing that to position our businesses to win with the consumer in the new normal coming out of COVID
and to drive sustainable, profitable market share growth.

Due to the COVID pandemic, just the first quarter, the second quarter and the rest of this year will not
look like any other year. Having successfully navigated through the immediate first phase of the crisis, I
will now share some key insights on how we grow performance in the second quarter and what our key
priorities are to drive towards an accelerated recovery.

Just like last quarter, Mike will then share more financial details on our second quarter performance and
how we are thinking about the second half of the year.

In the second quarter across the board, as Manny mentioned, we were able to drive a stronger-than-
expected recovery both top and bottom line from a number of proactive actions. First, we quickly turn to
supercharging e-commerce across owned and operated as well as third-party digital commerce for both
pure players and the partner store, dot-com.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

PVH CORP. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

As a result, for the quarter, we grew total digital sales over 50%, including an 87% increase on our owned
sites, where new user growth continue to be very strong across all regions particularly within the younger
age brackets.

Next, we continue to increase our focus on driving product relevance, which drove stronger-than-expected
demand and margin in key categories. We continue to experience strong performance in casual core
essentials within underwear, loungewear and athleisure. We saw favorable pricing power in underwear, and
we are chasing inventories to be best positioned to capture demand in the second half.

We also drove a more effective and interactive consumer engagement. And based on our data insights, we
were able to better connect the consumer to the product they're looking for and follow how their shopping
patterns have changed across our channels. From an inventory management perspective, as a result of
stronger-than-expected sell-throughs of spring/summer 2020 product, we are carrying over less-than-
expected product into the spring 2021 season. Our teams are focused on ending the year as clean as
possible, and we will continue to liquidate any liable product.

Lastly, we were successful in taking steps to rightsize our cost structure to better reflect our revenue
levels influenced by COVID.

This include -- this includes our decision to streamline our North America business by reducing 12% of our
workforce and closing our heritage retail business in 2021.

As I provide a regional update, you will see that the recovery continued to be very strong throughout the
quarter in both China and Europe. While in North America, even though our digital channels performed
very well, we felt increasing pressure towards the end of the quarter particularly the brick-and-mortar
channels where we saw virus resurgence, and we have significant exposure to international tourist traffic.

Let me start with Asia, specifically with China, which is the furthest ahead in terms of the recovery. Our
direct-to-consumer sales in China increased double digits in the second quarter. And we continue to
experience double-digit growth for the third quarter to date.

Digital continued to outperform for Asia as a whole, with our owned business up about 75%. We also
experienced strong Tmall performance, with new live stream events growing very strong traffic and new
customer growth. Our marketing events in China focused on maximizing sales around key consumer
moments, including our 618 digital commerce events with Tmall where both brands drove over 80%
growth versus last year.

During the campaign, we performed over 30 live streams and 70% -- 72% of our consumers were new to
the brands. Given continued traffic pressure in brick-and-mortar locations, our promotions in that channel
focus on driving conversion and basket size while limiting discounts on better-performing products.

Even though we continue to see virus flare-ups impact our business in Japan, parts of Australia, Hong
Kong and now Korea, in the region as a whole, we continue to make good progress towards a continued
strong recovery.

Moving on to Europe where we continue to drive a very strong recovery and we experienced performance
trends that were meaningfully above expectations. Our direct-to-consumer sales in Europe were down
10% in the second quarter, which was well above our expectations.

Digital commerce continued to outperform, with second quarter sales growing nearly 80% year-over-
year. The digital growth was driven by higher traffic and conversion, which is driven by strong product and
marketing in combination with having the right inventory availability.

Given our position of brand strength, we narrowed our promotions and managed to maintain similar
markdown levels to last year. And while traffic in brick-and-mortar remains challenged, particularly in
larger cities, conversion was very strong, and the team continues to find innovative ways to drive traffic
into our stores.

While the virus is seeing some resurgence in Europe, our business in the third quarter-to-date remains
very strong, with direct-to-consumer sales tracking mid-single digits. We're also pleased with our spring

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

PVH CORP. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

2021 order books, which showed a sequential improvement, where both brands are tracking down high
single digits versus tracking mid -- down mid-teens in fall 2020.

Lastly, our North American business felt the most pressure relative to our other regions. Our direct-to-
consumer sales in North America were down about 45% in the second quarter and are currently running
down in the mid-30s in the third quarter to date.

Our biggest challenge, as Manny mentioned, is the lack of international tourists, which historically
represent 30% to 40% of sales of our business, which is down close to 95%. As we look ahead, we do not
anticipate this trend to improve before next year.

As a reminder, less than 30% of our EBIT was generated from the U.S. in 2019. Despite the challenges
with tourism, we are seeing strong engagement with the domestic consumer, however, softer as of late in
the virus-surged states.

We experienced very strong digital demand during the quarter as we drove triple-digit growth for both
Calvin and Tommy.com, including many new-to-site consumers. Our business with Amazon was also a
highlight as we saw strength in their new soft line sale in June and outstanding growth in new-to-brand
consumers, which has continued into the third quarter.

And as we look to the second half of the year, we will continue to manage our inventories prudently. We
will redeploy resources to those areas of the business that are performing, such as digital from a channel
perspective and essential casual products from a category perspective.

As our performance across regions demonstrates, we have taken a very deliberate approach for each
brand to get deeper connected with the consumer and enhance our brand positioning to gain profitable
market share.

Now I'd like to share a few brief global brand highlights from the quarter, beginning with Calvin. Calvin
Klein's brand health remains very strong, and we continue to see strong consumer interaction across
Calvin's social channels with an average follow increase of over 20% year-over-year. We're implementing
our evolved brand direction in our products and marketing. And already now, you can see it in how we
drive engagement on Instagram and other social platforms and you will see even more of it during the
holiday season and the beginning of next year.

In addition, we took steps to gain greater control of the brand with announcement that we will buy back
our European footwear business in spring of 2021, which represents a great opportunity as we leverage
our knowledge from Tommy's successful footwear platform.

And lastly, we announced that Movado, our licensed partner for Tommy Hilfiger, will take over the brand's
watches and jewelry license for spring 2022, and we feel optimistic about the partnership and the business
potential.

Moving on to Tommy. Tommy's global momentum continued in the second quarter, with the brand
demonstrating strong awareness, visibility and consideration to purchase. We continue to convert new
consumers to the brand, including in growth markets like China where our livestreams generated over
60% of sales from first-time buyers.

In the quarter, we continue to launch limited edition brand collaborations that resonated well with our
consumers. We also recently launched Tommy's Make it Possible campaign, which is a bold sustainability
program that builds on PVH's forward fashion strategy, which is set to reduce our negative impact to 0,
drive positive impact and improve over 1 million lives across our value chain.

And now to our Heritage business. Our Heritage Brands business was under significant pressure during
the second quarter. The casualization trend that's being accelerated by COVID makes working very well
for us in Calvin and Tommy. It's working against us in the more formal wear to work product categories
within Heritage. Additionally, the mid-tier department store bankruptcies in North America have negatively
impacted this business compared to Calvin and Tommy.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

PVH CORP. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

We are addressing the challenges by managing inventory levels more prudently, lowering our cost base
and reviewing additional ways to optimize and streamline the business that goes beyond the next year
closure of our Heritage Brands retail business.

And before I hand it over to Mike, I would like to reiterate that we are balancing, driving the business
here and now, which starts with, as Manny mentioned in his introduction, having the plans and execution
to win with the consumer during the upcoming holiday season. It also includes to making sure that we
are focused on driving accelerated recovery coming out of COVID where our main priorities are, first,
to continue to drive product strength by focusing on key growth categories and developing strong Hero
product franchises, all connecting to where the consumer is going, with special focus on casual essentials
and athleisure.

Next is to further supercharge our e-commerce growth and penetration, while at the same time,
evaluating what our optimal brick-and-mortar presence looks like both in our own locations and with our
wholesale partners.

And lastly, we will continue to review our cost base and determine where we can optimize our business
model and organizational structure to operate an even leaner and more dynamic organization while also
allocating additional resources towards our growth areas.

Overall, even though we're still in the early days of driving towards an accelerated recovery, as we
intensify our focus to build on our core strength and connect them closer to the consumer than any time
before, I feel very optimistic about the forward path ahead for PVH.

Every time we take steps closer to what the consumer wants and needs, we see the positive performance
proof points, whether it is in product, marketing or e-commerce distribution. The global brand power of
Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger is a core strength, and our diversified multi-region, multi-channel platform
positions us to gain market share globally. And we see examples every day that our teams are rising up to
the challenge to make it happen.

And by that, I would like to hand it over to Mike.

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating & Financial Officer

Thanks, Stefan. The comments I'm about to make are based on non-GAAP results and are reconciled in
our press release. I'm going to discuss our second quarter 2020 results then move on to the current state
of the business and our second half expectations.

While our business continued to be negatively impacted compared to last year by the COVID-19
pandemic, our overall results were an improvement compared to the first quarter and exceeded our
expectations. Overall, our reported revenues were down 33%. Tommy Hilfiger revenues were down 28%,
with international down 14% and North America down 51%. Calvin Klein revenue was down 32%, with
international down 16% and North America down 51%.

China showed positive year-over-year results in both Tommy Hilfiger and Calvin Klein. Our Heritage
revenues were down 51%, which included a 16% decline as a result of the sale of our Speedo business.

Our stores as well as those of our wholesale partners were temporarily closed during the first month of
the quarter. As a result, our revenue in the second quarter reflected a 40% decline in revenue to our
wholesale distribution channel and a 24% decline in revenue from our total direct-to-consumer business.
That included an 87% increase in sales to our digital commerce businesses driven by strong growth across
all brands and all regions.

While we continue to be negatively impacted by the pandemic, our earnings exceeded our expectations,
and our earnings per share was $0.13 on a non-GAAP basis for the second quarter. Our gross margin for
the second quarter benefited from a favorable mix of business as our international businesses were a
larger portion of our total revenue versus the prior year and generally carry higher gross margins in our
North America businesses.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

PVH CORP. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

Additionally, earnings in the second quarter had the benefit of expense reduction initiatives, including
salary reductions, temporary furloughs and lower discretionary spending, including marketing, travel,
consulting and creative and design costs as well as onetime benefits from COVID-related government
payroll subsidy programs in our international jurisdictions and rent abatements where we negotiated with
certain of our landlords.

Full salaries and most furloughed employees were reinstated at the beginning of the third quarter. Partially
offsetting these savings were additional expenses associated with the implementation of health and
safety measures to protect our associates, customers and business partners. These safety measures are
expected to continue, and the cost of them will be greater in the second half of the year.

Moving on to the current state of the business. Currently, almost all of our stores in the U.S. and around
the world are open, although they are operating on reduced hours and reduced occupancy levels.

Third quarter-to-date for our direct-to-consumer business, we are running down low single digits for
total Asia, with China up. We are running up mid-single digits in Europe and down 30 -- about 35% for
North America. Our owned and operated digital commerce businesses for the third quarter-to-date have
continued to show strong growth.

Regarding wholesale. Both our traditional and pure-play wholesale customers have seen strength in
the digital commerce channel. And this trend has continued into the third quarter, with accounts buying
inventory to accommodate the strong trend. However, we expect wholesale accounts to buy conservatively
for their store-based businesses through the balance of the year, and the revenue decline in our North
America wholesale business will be more significant than in Europe and Asia. The expected revenue
decline in North America includes the impact of recent bankruptcies.

We continue to be proactive in our response to the pandemic with ongoing focus on operational efficiencies
and liquidity such as streamlining our North America operations by exiting our Heritage Brands retail
business by mid-2021 and reducing our North America workforce by 12%.

We're tightly managing inventories. They decreased 12% from this time last year. We've reduced inventory
commitments, consolidated future season collections and negotiated extended payment terms with
suppliers. As of the end of fiscal 2020, we are now projecting to carry approximately $125 million of basic
inventory into spring 2021, which is a reduction compared to our prior projection of about $250 million.

Also during the second quarter, we issued $500 million in 4 5/8% senior notes due for 2025, and we
ended the quarter with $2.7 billion of liquidity, including cash of approximately $1.4 billion and $1.3 billion
of available borrowings under our revolving credit facilities.

And now moving on to our expectations for the second half. We expect that our second half revenue
and earnings will continue to be negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. We currently expect
revenue in the second half to be down 25% versus last year. When we think about gross margin, we
expect that our second half gross margin will be relatively flat compared to the first half as we project
heavy promotional activity across the industry in order to clear inventory particularly in the United States.

When we think about second half expenses and when you compare to the second quarter, we expect our
expenses as a percentage of revenue to be slightly higher in the second half than in the second quarter.
The second quarter expenses benefited from salary reductions, furlough, government payroll subsidy
programs and rent abatements, which will not materially continue into the second half. Although in North
America, we will continue to have payroll savings as a result of the recently announced reduction in our
workforce.

We also expect to incur even greater expenses for health and safety measures in the second half as
opposed to the second quarter. We are not in a position to issue more detailed guidance at this time due to
the uncertainty related to the duration and severity of the pandemic.
And with that, operator, we'll open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

PVH CORP. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Bob Drbul with Guggenheim.

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

I guess, Manny, a question for you, really. So when you think about the business performing really well
internationally at this point, when you think about the opportunities that are -- that you see ahead in
North America in the second half, where do you think your sort of upside could come from or you think
you're being most conservative in North America? And I have a follow-up question after this.

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

Sure. I think, Bob, the fundamental issue in North America is the lack of control of the virus compared
to the rest of the world. And I think that's having an impact on consumer spending. So that's consumer
spending, particularly in apparel, as it moves forward.

In addition, I think the fact that we are, as a company, really focused -- a big part of our business is
tourism-driven, international tourist, in particular. And that business has all but gone away. And we're
anticipating that, that international tourists will not be back in the second half of 2020. So that's where
we're seeing the pressure on our owned retail stores, which are anywhere from 30% to 40% of our sales,
all driven by international tours. And so that's where I think it is.

I think the opportunity lies in continuation of some of the trends we've seen, and moving forward, sees
a sequential improvement over that as we go forward. And from a bottom line point of view, I think our
biggest opportunity is gross margin. We are anticipating highly promotional environment for the third
and fourth quarter particularly holiday. And if that were to back off, similar to how we saw in the second
quarter where we were much more conservative about markdown rates in our thinking, that wouldn't
materialize. So I think there's an opportunity both on the top line, but there's also an opportunity that
may be more significant on the gross margin.

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. And then just like a quick follow-up, Manny. So when you think about the trend to casualization, you
think about sort of how you guys are positioned within the business. You still have, I think, what you call
the neckwear business and your dress shirt business, the ties and some tailored business. Can you size up
for us sort of where that business is today as a percentage of your total business and how you're thinking
about it going forward in a more casual environment?

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

Well, Bob, the businesses you've talked about, our dress shirt business, our neckwear business and
suitings as a percentage of our sales is less than 5%. It's probably approaching 4% for 2019.

So even though we're the largest dress shirt company in the world, the component of our business is
smaller. And I think we've been able to really focus in on the casual nature, those components of both
Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger to really take advantage of those business. Those key categories are
intimates business, our men's underwear business, our loungewear business, our performance businesses,
jeans, active sportswear. That's clearly a vast majority of the business, and we've been able to capture
that as we've gone forward.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

PVH CORP. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

The next question from Michael Binetti with Crédit Suisse.

Michael Charles Binetti
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Congrats on a nice quarter in tough backdrop. Just wanted to ask one clarification, and then I had a
question for you, Manny. Just the roughly 34% to 40% of sales in the North America business coming
from tourists down over 90% and the negative mid-30s total D2C trends in North America today, does
that imply that you're down low single digits with the domestic consumer versus last year? That's a better
number than we've heard elsewhere. So I just want to make sure that I'm reading that correctly, if you
feel that underlying strength was the domestic consumer.

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

The short answer is yes. The numbers you calculated are right in the ballpark. And I think it's a testament
to the strength of the brands and how they resonate with the U.S. consumer. So what we're seeing with
that domestic consumer -- it's always hard with the cash component of it trying to factor that in, but
that's not a big case. It's kind of flattish to down slightly. What we're seeing in our own stores with the
consumer. We're very high in that component of it given the backdrop.

Michael Charles Binetti
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. Yes. It sounded like it. I just want to make sure the math was -- looking at like -- I think some of
the other retailers have reported domestic-only consumers are a little lower, so that's -- it's nice to hear.

I guess then -- I know U.S. order books aren't as strong indications as they are for Europe because there's
dynamics around cancellations and such. But I guess it would really be helpful for us to hear how you're
seeing the North America business, wholesale business, rebuild the path from here, connecting maybe the
second half of this year into next spring. Just anecdotally, what are the wholesale partners talking to you
about?

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

So there -- look, I guess, fundamentally, and maybe Stefan will put a little bit more color on this, but
fundamentally, they're being very cautious and they're open to buy and our -- and with the belief that
inventory will be there if demand picks up as they go forward.

So we're trying to be smart about taking positions in categories that we see are accelerating, even though
they might not be buying as backup. And we're also not looking to get ourselves in trouble in categories
that are softer in nature. So I think there is opportunity to do better, but it will have to -- the consumer
will have to vote as they go forward. And they're being very cautious on open to buy.

I think you can even see it in a relatively short period of time, when I look at some of my key customers'
inventory levels, they've done a good job of getting inventory levels down in a short -- in a really short
period of time relative to demand as they've moved into the second half of the year. So I think there is
opportunity if business backs up.

I just would want to remind everybody that, for us, the U.S. wholesale, we have no account that
represents close to 5% of our total sales as a company. And our exposure in that department store
segment that keeps coming up is about -- in 2019, about 12%. And I'd anticipate that for this year, it will
be closer to 8% to 9%.

And I guess maybe Stefan can put a little bit more color on department stores and other wholesale
partners buying.

Stefan Larsson
President

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

PVH CORP. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

Yes. I just like -- just to build on what Manny just shared, Michael. There is -- the U.S. -- our U.S.
wholesale partners, as Manny shared, they take a cautious approach. However, we see strong demand
and strong recovery in underwear, the big casual essential product categories. So we see stronger demand
there, and we see quite strong or very strong demand in their e-commerce business.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Erinn Murphy with Piper Sandler.

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Great. Maybe just to build on the digital agenda. I think in the prepared remarks, you referenced the
channel contributing favorably to profit over time. Maybe just walk through some of the initiatives to get
there. And then specifically in North America, what did you see in terms of profitability for digital in the
second quarter?

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

Michael will talk about and I'll...

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating & Financial Officer

Yes. Look, I guess a couple of things, Erinn. I think we're seeing with the significant increase in revenues,
we're obviously getting really great leverage on the fixed expenses. We're also focused on the variable and
just really keeping that expense base under control. We're also seeing some improvement in AURs as the
product is in such demand. So it's been selling at great -- with great performance on gross margins.

In addition to that, we continue to focus on it for the balance of the year. There's been a lot of discussion
about freight rates and whatnot. That's all in process at this point. But overall, it's -- we're definitely
starting to see improvement and the move towards profitability in that business.

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

Yes, and again, that's North America, and the rest of the world is highly profitable. Sorry, Stefan.

Stefan Larsson
President

Yes. I was just going to say that, too, that internationally, the -- our e-commerce business is as profitable
as our full price business.

Operator

And our next question will come from Jay Sole with UBS.

Jay Daniel Sole
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Great. Great. Yes. My next sort of question is about cutbacks and how you're thinking about hedging right
now. I mean, did the pandemic changed how the company has traditionally thought about hedging foreign
exchange? And if so, if the dollar continues to be weak, how might the timing of when that impacts the
P&L will be different based on whatever you might be doing to be able to face the pandemic?

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating & Financial Officer

So I guess, listen, when we think about hedging, we really don't place bets. We try and keep a consistent
policy of, let's call it, 80% of our inventory purchases being hedged at any point in time. So we keep

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

PVH CORP. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

moving that forward and always have that 80% on the books. So that is where we are today. And look,
if the dollar continues, that would be a benefit on purchases as we -- if the weakening of the dollar
continues, we would see a benefit next year on those currencies that appreciated against the dollar in our
2021 inventory purchases and gross margin.

Operator

And we'll take our next question from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group.

Dana Lauren Telsey
Telsey Advisory Group LLC

How are you thinking about the marketing budget in the second half of the year compared to last year and
especially given peppered throughout the conversation so far, has been a big focus on new customers it
sounds like in all regions? What are you seeing from those new customers? What are they buying? And
what are they informing you about the product go-forward by each brand?

Stefan Larsson
President

Yes. Dana, from a consumer-facing perspective, what we have done from the get-go when we got into
the COVID crisis to pivot our resources towards e-commerce and that has really paid off for us, and that's
what we will -- we will continue to follow where the consumer is going. And what the consumers' behavior
is informing us about is that they, from a product perspective, that we come back to the casual essential
products, athleisure product, performing very strongly across all regions.

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating & Financial Officer

Yes. And Dana, the only add to that I would make is that in the second -- in the first half, when the
pandemic hit in each of the regions, we did pull back on marketing. We never docked, but we did pull
back. And as we move into the second half, we will be accelerating the spend back to more normal levels,
so you will see an increase on a percent of sales basis for the second half.

Stefan Larsson
President

And what we're doing, Dana, the connection, we are strengthening the connection between the product
offering with the distribution channel that the consumer is shopping at with the engagement that we are
driving. So we're connecting those 3 stronger and stronger.

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

And Stefan likes to say that the focus is really on Hero products that's driving the business because that's
where the connection with the consumer is happening in those key categories that we've talked about on
this call that are working so well.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Jamie Merriman with Bernstein.

Jamie Susan Merriman
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Stefan, in your prepared remarks, you made a comment about supercharging the digital and e-commerce
efforts. And I was wondering if you could just give us a little bit more color in terms of what that means
either from an investment perspective, capabilities that you're trying to deploy, or is it really focus on
marketing?

Stefan Larsson
President
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

PVH CORP. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

Yes. So let me start with where -- it starts with following where the consumer is going, so we see the
demand. We see the consumer during the COVID time increasingly shopping in e-commerce. So what
we drive -- what we have been driving and will continue to drive is growth in owned and operated and
third-party e-commerce. And the key drivers there is the key product categories, the casual categories.
And then within those categories is, to Manny's point, is the Hero products. And then it's all the different
components relating from products relating to the experience all the way to fulfillment and logistics. So
what's really exciting to see is that the pivot that we made is really paying off.

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

And all I would add is, obviously, our marketing budget spend by type is really -- continues to shift
greater and greater to digital marketing away from some of -- a lot of the more traditional areas and the
investments on the back end on logistics, which are all in the numbers that Mike has shared with all of you
is also there.

And where we're not spending as much capital is in our owned stores and in fixturing. In those areas,
because we're really spending where the consumer is shopping and where we can have the most impact
and can make those investments.

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating & Financial Officer

Yes. And I would just add, it's not just on the logistics side. We are also spending on the IT side. So we've
implemented a consumer data platform that gives us better understanding of our customer access to our
customer and the ability to communicate with that customer, which we've never been able to do to this
level before.

Stefan Larsson
President

And we drive -- it's the -- we are trying to get the flywheel more and more going from product strength to
showing up in the e-commerce channel that the consumer wants to shop and engage with our brands and
then adding on the marketing strength of that. So it's the product e-commerce channel with the marketing
strength. It's that flywheel we are working to get going more and more.

Operator

And we'll take our next question from Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley. .

Kimberly Conroy Greenberger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Manny, I wanted to just follow-up on a point you made earlier. You indicated you're in an excellent position
to deliver on sales opportunities if they come your way here through the second half of the year. And it
sounded like you were taking some sort of selective inventory on board where you feel really confident
about the product.

I'm wondering if there's also an element here of supply chain agility where you think you might be able to
chase the business. I'm just wondering if you can talk about the multipronged approach to maximizing the
sales opportunity particularly since it looks like many of your wholesale partners are coming into the back
half in a pretty lean inventory position.

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

Yes. This is where art and science come together, trying to make a determination, seeing what's working
right now in some of the key core categories where there's minimal inventory fashion risk and willing to
take much more of the risk there to continue to service that business and to keep our customers and our
consumers satisfied.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

PVH CORP. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

We're making those, I don't want to call them debt, but we're making those investments as we go forward
and continually adjust our supply chain as we move forward. But I also don't want to kid anyone. Look,
you've heard the disruptions that are going on in supply, the issues with China and the U.S., even if we're
not sourcing directly from China, getting raw materials out of China like cotton and other categories. It's a
bit of a puzzle.

But I think given our -- it's an area of expertise with PVH. It's is an area where we have great capabilities.
And I think our on-the-ground presence with the team and our offices there allow us to really be on top of
it to react to the market to stay in product categories and service those businesses. So we're trying to do
it thoughtfully.

And to be in a position, if we are projecting somewhat -- you've heard the numbers that were projecting
conservatively especially in the fourth quarter, if that's the case, we want to be able to capture those
incremental sales. And Stefan, you want to add?

Stefan Larsson
President

And the core -- the focus on our core essentials, as we have mentioned, both Manny and I, are also
unlocking supply chain sourcing capabilities because focusing on those essentials enables us to plan
capacity to platform the fabric and to have much, much faster lead times on those. So that's an added
benefit with following where the consumer is going.

Operator

And we'll take our next question from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo.

Irwin Bernard Boruchow
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Manny, I wanted to ask you about the trajectory of both brands in North America, Tommy and Calvin. Just
at a high level, it seems like Calvin's pace of recovery in North America should be much smoother than
Tommy, just because it's got better product mix for what's working in the environment right now, and they
don't have the tourism exposure. But I'd love to kind of hear your thoughts on the pacing of recovery by
brand in North America and how that could work out, puts and takes.

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

Well, I think we don't see much of a difference, I guess, I would say. And I think if you think about it is
Calvin has a tremendous, as you know, intimates, underwear business, loungewear business, that just
drives off of this -- and it also has a big performance component to -- and a big jeans business that really
plays into the casualization.

But Tommy is probably, as a brand, much more of a casual brand, much more of an active brand. So our
sportswear there really transcends that and works extremely well for us. Tommy has always had a big
jeans component to their sportswear business, almost a similar size to where Calvin is.

So both brands, I think, are in a strong position. Calvin does, by the nature of its brand, just have this
huge designer underwear and women's intimate business. Tommy's business is probably about 1/3 of
the size, still very soft and substantial. But I think the 2 brands really are able to take advantage of
the -- you're talking about 2 of the probably top 5 brands by size in the world. So they have a very
diversified product offering that plays across the spectrum. And I think if we can manage the inventories
by components, we should be able to really do well with that.

Operator

And we'll take our next question from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. .

Matthew Robert Boss
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

PVH CORP. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

Great. On gross margin in the back half and your forecast year-over-year, just to get a sense, is that
based on actual elevated promotional activity that you're seeing in the landscape today or is that your
anticipation of markdowns do you think necessary to work through inventories? And then assuming you do
exit the year clean on inventory, I'm just curious how you'd rank gross margin drivers multiyear.

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

Okay. Matt, it's clearly the anticipation. We're not seeing anything in the business. And in fact, we've been,
as you could see in the second quarter, we've been really pleasantly surprised with the level of clearance
and promotion that's gone on. We were anticipating much more of a clearance aspect when stores reopen
particularly in North America, and we just haven't had to be that promotional.

Nothing has changed in August that -- from that perspective. So it's clearly just us anticipating that there
will be a level of activity as we -- as potentially what you're hearing in the market and much more in the
United States. Back-to-school is not happening at the same level for all the reasons that everyone can
imagine and the fact that -- the uncertainty around the holidays. So I think it's -- partially, it's us being
prudent in how we are projecting the business. So that's the real opportunity as we go forward. There's
nothing from a costing point of view of products, the mix of product. The only thing I would say is, in
the second quarter, the mix of international was probably skewed a little bit more than it will be for the
balance of the year. But absent that, there's no real difference.

Operator

And we'll take our next question from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI.

Omar Regis Saad
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Manny, I wanted to ask kind of a follow-up on the inventory and promotional environment for the second
half you're talking about. Help me reconcile your expectations for heavy promotions. But at the same
time, your inventories are clean, and then we're looking at off-pricers are down 20 to 30. Department
store inventories are down big.

Is it that -- do you think that all these kind of the channels planning inventory is to significantly ramp up
in the back half above demand? Or do you expect the demand levels to remain lower than even those
reduced inventory levels? Just kind of help me piece together that framework for the landscape in the back
half.

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

Look, I don't know how else to say this. I don't -- first thing is retailers are not buying extra inventory.
They're not ramping up. And I think their open to buy is very consistent. I think if we're going to be faulty
for anything, it's that we're being too conservative on our gross margin expectations.

If that's the case, then we'll do better on the gross margin. I think that's a potential big opportunity for a
second half of the year. And the key will be how much goods are out there that need to be cleared from a
fashion point of view or whatever. We don't see any real buildup.

As Mike talked about, we were planning to carry out as much as $250 million of goods. That number has
already been cut in half. And it factored into all of our second quarter numbers and into third quarter
numbers. And I think we'll continue to get that number down compared to where we originally thought.

So I think it's really good for us. Gross margin is a big opportunity. But given all the uncertainty in the
business, we're just trying to be cautious about how we think about margin going forward.

Operator

And we'll take our last question from John Kernan with Cowen.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

PVH CORP. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

John David Kernan
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

And congrats on managing the business through a difficult time period. Just wanted to go back to the
revenue guidance for the back half of the year and how we should think about the international piece of
the business, which does seem to have momentum right now both in Tommy and Calvin. If you just look
at the run rate of decline in Q2 in both Calvin and Tommy, I'm wondering if that's the type of run rate
you continue or are things going to -- are you planning a little bit weaker trends internationally? And the
balance between domestic and international back half revenue.

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

I think -- okay. It's a fair question on the sales. I think it's -- the fourth quarter -- if business continues to
improve sequentially, and when we look out and see how some other -- a number of our retail partners,
department stores and others are talking about the second half of the year particularly fourth quarter, I
think they're being more bullish about their fourth quarter sales projections than we are as we go forward.

And so I think from that perspective, there's sales opportunity potentially in the fourth quarter both
internationally and potentially domestically as we move forward.

And right now, I think we talked about, I think, both Stefan and Mike mentioned that our direct-to-
consumer business globally is running about -- is down 15%, which is running ahead of where we would
have planned the business at this point. So we haven't seen anything that discourages us at all and
actually creates a lot of opportunity.

Stefan Larsson
President

No. There is -- it's just on Q4, just to build on what Manny is saying. There is a -- and we flagged it in our
prepared remarks, it's not going to look like any other Q4 and holiday season. So there is a big shift from
brick-and-mortar to e-commerce, which enters this overhang from the resurgence of the virus risk. Then
in China, just to mention, we have the Chinese New Year moving out from this year to next year. So it's a
different kind of holiday season with more risk.

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, John. Okay, everyone, thank you very much. Everyone stay healthy and safe. Enjoy the -- in the
United States and North America, enjoy the holiday weekend that's coming up in the end of summer, and
we look forward to talking to you in our third quarter press release. Thank you.

Operator
And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

PVH CORP. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 03, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

