Royal Caribbean Group NYSE:RCL
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Monday, August 10, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

(4.55)

Revenue  (mm)

157.88

(6.13)

175.60

NM

11.23

(3.70)

613.17

(13.29)

(1.36)

3474.09

8348.35

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-10-2020 2:56 PM GMT

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

4.32

1.43

(0.55)

(4.55)

4.27

1.42

(1.48)

(6.13)

(1.16 %)

(0.70 %)

NM

NM

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
ROYAL CARIBBEAN GROUP FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 10, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jason T. Liberty
Executive VP & CFO

Michael W. Bayley
President & CEO of Royal
Caribbean International

Richard D. Fain
CEO & Chairman

ANALYSTS

Assia Plamenova Georgieva
Infinity Research

Benjamin Nicolas Chaiken
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Brandt Antoine Montour
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Felicia Rae Kantor Hendrix
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Frederick Charles Wightman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Jaime M. Katz
Morningstar Inc., Research
Division

James Lloyd Hardiman
Wedbush Securities Inc., Research
Division

Robin Margaret Farley
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Steven Moyer Wieczynski
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Timothy Conder;Wells
Fargo;Analyst

Vince Charles Ciepiel
Cleveland Research Company

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ROYAL CARIBBEAN GROUP FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 10, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning. My name is Shelby, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to
welcome everyone to Royal Caribbean Group's Business Update and Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call.
[Operator Instructions]

I would now like to introduce Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Jason Liberty. Mr. Liberty, the floor is yours.

Jason T. Liberty
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Shelby. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our business update
and second quarter earnings call. Joining me are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer;
Michael Bayley, President and CEO, Royal Caribbean International; and Carola Mengolini, our Vice
President of Investor Relations.

During this call, we will be referring to a few slides, which have been posted on our investor website,
www.rclinvestor.com.

Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements, which is
on our first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements
do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in
our SEC filings and other disclosures. Please note that we do not undertake to update the information
in our filings as circumstances change. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures,
which are adjusted as defined, and a reconciliation of all non-GAAP historical items can be found on our
website.

Richard will begin the call by providing a strategic overview of the business. I will then follow up with
a recap of our second quarter results. I will then provide an update on our latest liquidity action and
then give an update on the booking environment and our outlook. We will then open up the call for your
questions.

Richard?

Richard D. Fain
CEO & Chairman

Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us this morning.

While it definitely seems like an eternity, it's been 5 months since COVID-19 upended our lives. Every
one of those days has been a challenge to all of us on every level. The impact on us on individuals, as
families, as businesses, probably most importantly, as communities have been profound and sometimes
even humbling.

During these 5 months, we, at the Royal Caribbean Group, have been working on scenarios that were
unimaginable for us just a while ago, from massive crew repatriations and bid capital raises to developing
new fleet-wide health and safety protocols, all while working remotely. It's been and continues to be a
monumental effort.

But first and foremost, I want to especially acknowledge the shipboard and short-time teams -- shoreside
teams that have worked tirelessly on the unprecedented crew repatriation effort. To date, over 43,000
or more of -- or more than 98% of our crew, hailing from some 90 nations, have made it safely home to
their families and their loved ones. We continue to work with the governments of the restricted countries
to reunite the last few of our crew with their family. It was and still is a very complex and expensive task
with shifting regulations and restrictions across multiple countries. Our teams were simply remarkable
overcoming the multitude of challenges that came daily in their way.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ROYAL CARIBBEAN GROUP FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 10, 2020

I particularly want to thank our shipboard employees, who are and always have been the heart and
soul of all our operation. Their patience and their understanding during this horrible process has been
extraordinary. While there are always exceptions, the vast bulk of these people have been supportive
and understanding during a really awful time for them and everyone else, and that's actually helped to
accelerate the process.

Lastly, going forward -- lastly, looking forward, as we get our crew home and settled, we're thinking about
the future. I joke, but -- I joke that by the time we get our last crew member home, we'll have to start all
over again. Frankly, I can't wait to welcome them back on board when the time is right.

In parallel, our terrific finance and legal teams have been working around the clock, working to get us
enough liquidity to get through these extraordinary times. With our strong brands, great reputation and
a solid balance sheet, we've been able to access the capital markets and to negotiate with governments,
vendors, shipyard operators and others to improve our various financial terms.

Now while accessing capital and deferred debt payments are critical, another important liquidity action we
can take is cash burn. To this end, our operating teams expect to have the whole fleet in their expected
level of layup by the end of this month. Moreover, they are reviewing every single expense account to
further improve our cash conservation goals.

On top of all these efforts, most of our capital projects have been delayed or canceled as we don't know
how long it will take to get beyond this epidemic. These are painful, but these are necessary decisions. I
have to say that these 5 months have been the longest 5 months any of us can remember.

Now since the crisis began, we extended our suspension of operations 7 times now through October 31 for
most voyages. But it's fair to say that there is still a lot of uncertainty. Against this backdrop, we will not
rush to return to service until we are confident that we have figured out the changes that we must make
to offer our guests and crew strong health and safety protocols with the enjoyable experience that they
rightly expect. We believe that our healthy return-to-service program will help get us there.

As I mentioned before, this new program will focus on 4 key aspects: upgraded screening of guests and
crew prior to boarding; enhanced health processes and protocols on board; a special focus on addressing
the destination we visit; and lastly, procedures for addressing any reports of exceptions. We recognize
that this is extremely complex. Therefore, besides our dedicated internal teams, we, in cooperation with
Norwegian Cruise Line, have assembled an expert panel called the Healthy Sail Panel. It's tasked to help
us develop comprehensive and multifaceted set of enhanced health and safety protocols. We think they
will address the key aspects of our return-to-service program given the challenges of COVID-19. We've
also recently created the position of Global Chief Public Health Officer, who will raise our standards for
enhancing and implementing all the protocols and recommendations fleet-wide.

As with all we do, we want our measures to go above and beyond what's expected of us. As most of you
know, a ship has very special features. And some of those make it more challenging, but some of those
provide real opportunities. And so we are all looking at our ships with an open mind and an imaginative
core. From the arrival at the terminal with contactless check-in via our app to touchless payment options,
we're reviewing every step of the experience.

For example, we have developed a new innovative way to muster where our passengers will be able to
view the safety information on their app or interactive statement TV and then check in at their assembly
station at their leisure. No more crowds. This is one small part of the enhancements we're working on, and
we'll share many more when the time is right.

Now as we work and prepare to sail with the new protocols, there are also some other important positive
signs on the horizon. There are noteworthy advances in treatments, many new drugs are undergoing
critical trials, testing and tracing are ramping up and vaccines seem to be making great progress. Never
before has so much coordinated effort, resources, focus and technology then applied to solve such a
problem.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ROYAL CARIBBEAN GROUP FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 10, 2020

While COVID-19's impact is significant, what hasn't changed is that people, you, our guests and our
employees, are at the heart of this cruise line. We have been both humbled and surprised with the amount
of bookings we are seeing for 2021, with literally no marketing efforts and, frankly, very little good news.

You've heard me say before that revenue management is more of an art than a science, and that is more
true today than ever. But the tone of our bookings, especially as we get into the second half of 2021,
has been encouraging. Our guests want to come back. Families want and need the vacation. That is what
makes us innovative, inspired and resilient. We are more determined than ever to come back strong with
new ideas to make sure that our guests feel confident and safe in choosing their vacation with us.

I cannot leave this call without expressing my appreciation to the men and women of Royal Caribbean
who continue to display such loyalty under such trying circumstances. This pandemic and the steps that
have to be taken to control it are causing massive pain and suffering throughout our company. They are
disrupting our lives and our way of life. The impact on our society and our way of life is profound, and
that impact will last long after the current crisis end. We will get through this, and we need to focus our
attention in doing so and doing so in a manner that preserves the amazing attributes of cruising.

My parent's generation was indelibly imprinted with the experience in The Great Depression. And I think
our current generations will be imprinted with the many experiences that are affecting us today. Our task
will be to ensure that we are responding appropriately and innovatively to the demands in society as we
emerge. Based on the information available to us today, I'm confident that we're taking the right steps to
do so.

Cruising has taken the economic impact of the acute phase of this pandemic as hard as any industry I
can think of, but we are ready to rejoin the rest of society in the recovery. In fact, once we get past this
acute phase, the experience cruising offers has the potential for being one of the ways society comes
back together. Humans are social animals, and cruising will, in the near future, be able to offer people a
meaningful and enjoyable way to safely fulfill this basic human need. People want to be together, and we
will be ready to welcome them aboard. And our bookings for next year indicate that our guests feel the
same.

With that, I'll pass the microphone back to Jason. Jason?

Jason T. Liberty
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Richard. Before I get started, I also, like Richard, want to thank our incredible employees
and stakeholders for their dedication and tireless efforts during the unprecedented times. It is really all
inspiring and very appreciated.

So now let's get into our results for the second quarter. The second quarter results illustrate the stunning
impact of this pandemic on our business. With all cruises for the quarter being canceled, we had reported
an adjusted net loss of $1.3 billion. The impact of COVID-19 also led to recording a noncash asset
impairment of $156.5 million.

Now having said that, our total net cruise costs declined by more than 40% versus the previous quarter.
This decline was driven by the suspension of our cruise operation and also significant reductions in our
operating and marketing expenses.

It's important to note that we continue to incur significant costs in the quarter that relates to repositioning
of our fleet layup, which included housing, repatriation of our incredible crew. Also, we had some revenue
and costs for the quarter that have been related to Silversea's quarter lag. When including onetime costs
that impacted the quarter and Silversea's quarter lag, our net cruise costs actually declined by almost
60% versus last quarter. We expect these to further decline as our ships settle to their various levels of
layup.

Other relevant events that happened since our last call. On the 10th of July, we announced that we
purchased the remaining shares of Silversea. We believe that the timing and value of the deal is right, and
it was structured in a way that did not impact our liquidity as the remaining 1/3 stake was paid in the form

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ROYAL CARIBBEAN GROUP FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 10, 2020

of 5.2 million shares. This move will allow us to accelerate integration efforts and further position Silversea
for long-term success.

Now as Richard mentioned this morning, our top financial priority remains ensuring that we are in a strong
liquidity position. To this end, we continue to take decisive actions to bolster our position, and we ended
the quarter with $4.1 billion of liquidity. The strength of our balance sheet, our assets and our brands
has been evident during this pandemic as we raised approximately $6.5 billion in new liquidity since we
announced the suspension of our global cruise operations.

Moreover, during this quarter, we completed a 12-month debt amortization holiday for all of our export
credit-backed finances and amended over $11 billion of commercial bank and export credit facilities to
provide covenant waivers through the fourth quarter of 2021. With these moves, our upcoming maturities
equaled $300 million for the remainder of 2020 and $1.3 billion for 2021.

As it pertains to our multi-cash burn, this has also improved sequentially each month as our ships entered
various levels of layup. We estimate that the cash burn will be, on average, in the range of approximately
$250 million to $290 million per month during the prolonged suspension of operations, inclusive of the
increase in interest expense attributed to the latest capital raises.

As we mentioned in the press release this morning, this number excludes refunds of customer deposits,
scheduled debt maturities, commissions as well as the cash inflows and -- from new and existing
bookings. This range is lower than the second quarter actuals as much of our fleet is now settling into
various levels of layup. It's worth noting that our teams are working around the clock to bring this number
further down as reducing our cash burn is the most cost-effective way to improve our liquidity position.

I would now like to provide an update on the business, starting first with our capacity. We have now
suspended most of the voyages through the end of October. To date, we have canceled 1,545 sailings,
which represents a 65% reduction in our capacity for the year.

Regarding our newbuild, we initially expected to take delivery of 5 ships between July of 2020 and the end
of '21 but are now only expecting to take delivery of 3 ships during this period. This includes the Silver
Moon, which is planned to be delivered in October; Royal Caribbean Odyssey of the Seas, which is now
scheduled to be delivered in the first quarter of 2021; and Silver Dawn, scheduled to be delivered in the
fourth quarter of 2021. All other remaining ships on order are expected to be delayed by an average of 10
months.

Now I'll provide an update on what we are seeing in the demand environment for 2021 sailings. Given
the current global situation and uncertainty, we've been both encouraged and humbled by the volume of
bookings we've been receiving for 2021. Since our last earnings call, bookings have averaged more than
double the levels seen during the first 8 weeks of the global cruise suspension. This is quite remarkable,
as Richard commented, that this is taking place at very limited to no marketing activity. The cadence of
demand has generally been determined by the news cycle. We received higher levels of bookings prior to
the news regarding a surge of COVID-19 cases and a decline thereafter. To this end, bookings have been
softer for the first quarter but quite strong for the summer and back half of 2021, highlighting continued
demand for cruising for our core destinations of the Caribbean, Europe, Alaska and Bermuda.

It's important to note that 2021 is benefiting from rebooking activities from guests with future cruise
credits, along with those taking advantage of our popular Lift & Shift program. That being said, more
than 60% of our bookings received since mid-May have been new bookings. As a result, our cumulative
book load factor is still within historical ranges. Pricing for 2021 bookings is about flat when including the
negative yield impact of bookings made with future cruise credits. And it is slightly up year-over-year
when you exclude them.

Regarding our customer deposits, the balance at the end of June was $1.8 billion with approximately $300
million associated to 2020 sailings. Approximately 48% of our guests booked on canceled sailings have
requested cash refund. We expect our customer deposit balance to decline further during the third quarter
as we continued to process refunds for recently suspended sailings. However, we expect the decrease to
be smaller than it was in the second quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ROYAL CARIBBEAN GROUP FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 10, 2020

In closing, in order to kind of frame the third quarter outlook, I'll just remind everybody that we have
canceled all of our third quarter sailings. Having said that, the timing and trajectory of the recovery still
remains uncertain, and we are therefore unable to provide further guidance for the year. We do expect,
however, to incur a net loss on both a U.S. GAAP and adjusted basis for the third quarter and for 2020
fiscal year. The magnitude of the loss will depend on the timing and extent of our return to service.

Lastly, I will highlight that by raising cash early and aggressively managing costs, we are prepared to
navigate a choppy and volatile period. Moreover, our people are working around the clock planning a
comprehensive return-to-service strategy while taking care of the financial health of the company. I'm
confident that we will emerge from this crisis as a stronger, more resilient company.
With that, I will ask our operator to open up the call for a question-and-answer session.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ROYAL CARIBBEAN GROUP FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 10, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Robin Farley of UBS.

Robin Margaret Farley
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Great. I wanted to ask, some other lines that source primarily in Europe are restarting. And I wanted to
just think about for Royal Caribbean, whether your restart date would really be just the CDC and cruises
out of the U.S.? Or would it be potentially something in China? Or something else that I'm not thinking of?

And then my other question related to that, kind of part 2 of that question is, some of the protocols
that cruise lines in Europe have put out, there is one cruise line saying that they will test guests before
boarding, and some other lines that haven't said that. Just wanted to get your take on whether that is
something that can reasonably be done for U.S. passengers before boarding. Is that kind of a reasonable
protocol for U.S. restart?

Michael W. Bayley
President & CEO of Royal Caribbean International

Robin, it's Michael. As you know, we've suspended all sailings until the end of October with 2 exceptions.
One of them is the China operations and also Australia. We -- it may well be possible that we'll resume
operations in China and potentially Australia before the end of October, but it's uncertain. And I'm not
making any statements that, that's going to happen, but there's some possibility. So that's a possibility
that may occur.

As it relates to the protocols, I think what we're seeing in Europe is, Europe is in certainly a different
environment as it relates to how people view COVID and what's occurring with COVID. Through -- clearly
Europe for some time now, there's been a series of interactions and discussions with both the European
Union that at the end of July issued guidelines for the cruise industry in terms of returning to sailing.
And there's been individual discussions between national governments and cruise companies, which
has resulted in what we've seen in terms of miscellaneous cruise companies returning to operations.
Obviously, through our cruise line association in Europe, we're very engaged in what's happening and
we're obviously receiving a lot of feedback. It's a great learning experience for the industry in terms of
what's occurring.

With regards to the protocols, I think, certainly, testing seems to be very relevant and discussions are
underway. As Richard had mentioned earlier, we have a degree of confidence in the panel that we've
formed, and all of our protocols are currently under review with the panel. So testing is part of the
thinking, but we have not yet reached a point in our protocols where we're ready to publish and release
for discussion. But it's very likely that testing will occur.

We're also seeing in discussions with multiple destinations around the world, which is another component
of the return to service, particularly as it relates to Caribbean that testing is very much at the front of how
people are thinking about protocols for returning.

Operator

Your next question is from Steven Wieczynski of Stifel.

Steven Moyer Wieczynski
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Jason, you indicated that 60% of '21 bookings are new or unique since May. And you expect that net
outflow ratio of deposits versus refunds is still going to be negative in the third quarter. Can you help us
think about when that ratio would go more breakeven-ish or even positive?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ROYAL CARIBBEAN GROUP FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 10, 2020

Jason T. Liberty
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Sure, Steven. So first, obviously, when you're in a period of time when you're canceling sailings,
and for us, a little under half of our guests are asking further cash back, those are times where you have
more significant outflows. But when you step back and you look at -- our cancellation rates for our active
sailings are only a tad higher than they typically are. And actually, for 2021, they're actually lower than
what we have historically seen.

And so when you're in that type of situation for active sailings, what you're seeing is that we're obviously
taking in more than is going out. And so I think it's just getting to a period of time where we're not
canceling sailings. And of course, we only have a little under $300 million of customer deposits for the
balance of the year. And as we get further now into the back half of the year, focus on '21 begins to ramp
up more and more, and so my commentary around what we're seeing around bookings for '21 and what
we're seeing in the cancellation rates, I think, is encouraging for that ratio to flip.

Steven Moyer Wieczynski
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. Got you. And second question, it's probably going to be for Michael. But the healthy sail plan, it
seems like you guys are pretty close to wrapping up that study and submitting it to the CDC. And I guess
the question is around what the time frame looks like once you submit that plan to them and then when
you expect to hear back from them because I think they can still take public comments till mid-September,
if I've read that right.

Michael W. Bayley
President & CEO of Royal Caribbean International

Yes, Steven. The CDC requests a public comment, and the final date for public comment is September
21. Our panel is working through the month of August. We're hoping that towards the end of the month
that we'll have a final position that's signed up on by our panel and we feel is the right plan to return. So
the timing kind of starts to come together with all of the public comment concluding towards the end of
September, our work concluding towards the end of August. We think that there's some good opportunity
in terms of how that comes together.

But I think it's important to note that there's -- as we know, there's just a huge amount of uncertainty
with how this will play out. And obviously, one of the biggest dynamics is what's occurring with COVID
itself. So we've certainly seen in Europe that as COVID decreased, and particularly, for example, in
Germany, Germany was one of the first countries to open up, to be flexible in terms of opening up to
cruising because it reflected how people were seeing what was occurring with COVID. So if we're fortunate
and everything comes together at the same time, then we're hopeful that we'll be entering into some
meaningful dialogue towards the end of September.

Richard D. Fain
CEO & Chairman

Steve, just to amplify on that. There's almost a sense you sometimes get that there's a date and this will
happen and then new protocols and new procedures will come out, and then that's the end of that and
we'll move on. I think one of the things we have seen about COVID and about the kind of protocols that
you have, this is an ongoing process, and there'll be some things that are coming out of this fall and then
there'll be more knowledge about prevalence in society and about treatments and about vaccines.

And so I think we view this more as a dimmer rather than a light switch. And we think that we'll start out,
as Michael says, and we'll start to see some things early fall. But then there will be changes. And I think
this will be a continual process. You know our mantra is continuous improvement. And so I think it would
be a mistake to think that it all ends at one point in time.

Operator

Your next question is from Felicia Hendrix of Barclays.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ROYAL CARIBBEAN GROUP FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 10, 2020

Felicia Rae Kantor Hendrix
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

So Michael, maybe you can tell us who is booking for 2021, maybe the complexion of the cruiser. Is it --
I mean everyone's kind of talked about the loyalty, but is it just your Royal guests? Is it millennials? Is it
generation -- if you can just kind of tell us who's booking.

And then just, Jason, regarding your bookings commentary that the pricing is flat year-over-year, can you
also help us understand how that compares to 2019?

Michael W. Bayley
President & CEO of Royal Caribbean International

Yes. I think Jason, in his opening comments, mentioned that, certainly, when anxiety is relatively
high because of COVID, then bookings decrease in relation to how anxiety is heightening. We've been
conducting consumer research since March. So we've got a really good sense of how the customer is
thinking about cruising vacations, different opportunities and how they're viewing all of that. And what we
see is the direct correlation between what's occurring in the state that they live in and how optimistic they
are. And then that, of course, translates into how we see the bookings coming in. So that's one thing that
we've seen.

The other thing is that we did see that younger customers were more inclined to be bookings, but we also
saw a huge response from our loyalty customers. So it's across the board, and of course, different brands
have a different kind of response from customers. But I would say that the key core for bookings at the
moment is loyalty cruises, people who understand what cruising is. They feel confident and comfortable
that once we start getting this behind us, that everything will return, and they're very anxious to go on a
vacation.

The other observation, which is really my observation, is I'm kind of hopeful that we're going to see a
lot of pent-up demand. And certainly, when you look at our bookings by quarter in '21, there's a lot of
activity as we move into the summer. And I think a lot of people have written off this summer. They've
decided that there's not going to be a big summer vacation for all of the reasons that we know, but people
certainly want to have a vacation next year. And I'm kind of hopeful that we're going to see a nice bump
in '21 because people want to go and have a great vacation. So -- and certainly, when you look at our
bookings for '21, the summer seems to be pretty popular.

Jason T. Liberty
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Michael. And on your second point, Felicia, first off, I'll start off and say I'm looking forward to a
vacation next summer. So I'd be away from all these children. But on the pricing side, our commentary on
pricing is actually higher than 2019 levels. So the same time last year is actually a record high. So we're in
line with a record high. And if you exclude the future cruise certificates, which were issued at 125%, we're
actually above those record levels.

Felicia Rae Kantor Hendrix
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then just, Jason, on the balance sheet, can you -- look, you guys gave us all the
details on your liquidity, which gets you through till almost the end of next year, depending on which end
of the range you want to look at. There have been news articles about you looking to raise some more
debt. So just wondering if you could tell us what your balance sheet capacity is both in terms of secured
and unsecured perspective.

Jason T. Liberty
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Sure. I've seen the articles as well. I'm not quite sure the sources of the article, but I've seen them.
So we're obviously in a situation on about return to service remains fluid. We continue to look internally
at costs, internally at capital, looking at other ways, even in the noncapital market bank world to further

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ROYAL CARIBBEAN GROUP FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 10, 2020

bolster our liquidity. And by that, what I mean is looking at support from the different governments and
ECA that we do business with, which have been incredibly supportive.

And then when you look on the capital markets side, on the debt side, we've got about $3 billion of debt
that we're able to issue. We still have about $700 million of opco guarantee that is available to us if we
chose to do something on the debt side, and then the balance of that would be unsecured. Of course, we
also have other assets, new ships that are coming online that we would be able to potentially put some
leverage on or security on as well as those ships come online.

And then, of course, there's other avenues that could be considered. We are really focused not only just
getting on to the other side of this crater but also making sure that we gain our financial health. And soon
we see metrics and leverage that looks like pre-COVID levels. So a lot of focus on that as just a general
construct on the balance sheet.

Operator

Your next question is from Assia Georgieva of Infinity Research.

Assia Plamenova Georgieva
Infinity Research

Jason, you mentioned changes to capacity and the delay to newbuild deliveries. Can you expand a little bit
on possible ship sales of some of the older vessels, whether the market is there for those?

And secondly, when you hopefully come back into service in early November, that would be at a limited
capacity, I assume. Can you give us sort of a quantitative figure as to what number of ships you imagine
will start sailing initially? Is it 10? Or is it 30?

Jason T. Liberty
Executive VP & CFO

So we've been really, I think, fortunate over the years of being able to sell ships. And typically, our
philosophy on it is if we don't think we have a good plan for that ship or to be generating sizable returns
or it's difficult to make it a strategic fit to our brand by modernizing it and so forth, we have looked to sell
the ships, and we typically have averaged 1 or 2 ships a year. Certainly, in this time, we are evaluating
opportunities to sell ships or to take other actions with ships. And I would say as that information comes
live, we would, of course, update the investment community on that.

We're -- there's already 3 ships that related to Pullmantur that are currently in the scrapping process. And
so we're evaluating all options. But of course, we want to -- we've put a lot of money into these ships.
These ships do exceptionally well. And so it could be a difficult decision to depart with the ship because
they generate so much cash.

The one comment I would just make in terms of the ramp-up, and I know, I'm sure everybody is eager to
hear is it going to be x ships, y ships, whatever it is. I think as Richard pointed out a few minutes ago is
that it's not going to be a light switch. And it's not going to be a light switch because it's like starting any
type of operation, we've got to ramp ourselves back up. And I think based off of what we see in terms of
demand and protocols and so forth will be the determinant on how many ships come back up on day 1.
But our goal is to bring that back up and move that dimmer as quickly as we possibly can to get our fleet
fully back up and running and under the safety and health and protocols that everybody would expect us
to be doing.

Assia Plamenova Georgieva
Infinity Research

Currently, it seems that you have almost the entire fleet available for bookings. So I imagine some of
those bookings may be shifted on a similar itinerary on a similar date. Is that fair?

Jason T. Liberty
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ROYAL CARIBBEAN GROUP FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 10, 2020

It's certainly possible, Assia. Again, I think that as we get more visibility by market, by product in terms
of what's going to come online and when, we'll evaluate if changes need to be made, whether it's to
itineraries, whether it's to ships or whether it's to our new guests on what ship and so.

Operator

Your next question is from James Hardiman of Wedbush.

James Lloyd Hardiman
Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division

So briefly, Jason, is there any way you could help us break down that $250 million to $290 million of
monthly cash burn in terms of sort of what's ship cost, what's the new sort of interest run rate, what's
CapEx, et cetera?

Jason T. Liberty
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Well, I'll break it down this way. Similar to before, we had said $250 million to $290 million the
overall. The burn rate, if you consider running in SG&A, is somewhere around the $150 million to $170
million rate per month. Our brands, I mean, have really done an incredible job and continue to find
creative ways to further reduce the cash burn on our ships and doing it in a way that no way minimizes
our ability to get the ships back up and running in a timely way. And so I think we still see opportunity, for
sure, in these numbers, but essentially running in SG&A is about that range. And about half of the $150
million to $170 million is running, and the other half is SG&A.

James Lloyd Hardiman
Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division

Okay. Very helpful. And then Michael or Richard, whoever wants to take this, obviously, there's a lot of
discussion about the approval process with the CDC. But as I think about handicapping at October 31
date, there's a lot you can control and there's a lot you can't. Obviously, the big thing you can't control
is sort of where the virus is. Maybe speak to what your Healthy Sail Panel is recommending from a virus
perspective. Do we need -- I'm assuming we need to get the virus in much better control by October 31
versus where we are today, but how do I think through that? Do we need to get the virus to levels that
we're seeing in Europe for you guys to recommend that things are in fact safe? Should we be focusing
specifically on the state of Florida? How should we think through all those pieces?

Michael W. Bayley
President & CEO of Royal Caribbean International

Yes. It's a real -- as you pointed out, it's a real puzzle, and there's so many variables to consider. It's
certainly a component of the thinking as it relates to the protocols of healthy return, take into account the
prevalence of COVID, not only in the origination but also in the destination. So as you can imagine, one
of the projects that we're working on now is a dialogue with all of the destinations. For example, in the
Caribbean, South Central America, we formed a task force where literally all of the tourists and ministers
and many prime ministers from these countries are participating with the FCCA, which is really part of
CLIA, to start thinking through how we're going to safely resume operations.

So yes, the components of this is obviously going to be the prevalence of COVID in the origination and
the destination. And I think just common sense tells you that if the prevalence is exceptionally high in an
origination market, then that's going to hinder resumption of operations. But I think it's worth pointing out
that, certainly, for Royal, we -- the market is the United States. Sure, there are certain states that have
higher density of customers, but we do draw from the entire country. And of course, we have an extensive
international footprint as well. But it is a component of it.

The panel is -- they really are experts in their fields, and they are reviewing step by step, point by point
every single protocol that's placed in front of and by our team of experts. So it's a kind of an ongoing
process. But the key point, I think, is the prevalence of COVID will have a determination on the return to
service.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ROYAL CARIBBEAN GROUP FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 10, 2020

Operator

Your next question is from Tim Conder of Wells Fargo.

Timothy Conder;Wells Fargo;Analyst

Jason and Michael, I totally agree with the pent-up demand. There's probably some good cruise lines as
well as the places with private islands who can accommodate some of those needs. Move on to some --
just sort of following on some of the questions. When we get back to normal, let's just call it that, how
should we think about, Jason, some of the structural costs here, both on the cruise operating side and the
SG&A relative to maybe levels that we saw in '17, '18, '19?

Jason T. Liberty
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Well, I think in terms of -- on a structural standpoint, we've obviously -- we've taken some G&A
actions that we think are -- will be permanent changes in our cost structure. On the running expense side,
we continue to identify ways to save money. And of course, the product will scale up accordingly based off
of the load factors and so forth over time, going back to the dimmer example.

There will also be -- and of course, we don't know exactly what that number is going to be. There's going
to be additional costs that relate to some of these protocols, which some of it will be temporary and some
of it might be for a more sustainable period of time that will be out there. But our goal is to make sure
we're delivering the very best vacations in the world, continue to have strong Net Promoter Scores, but
trying to do all of that while getting ourselves back to pre-COVID margins and better.

Timothy Conder;Wells Fargo;Analyst

Okay. Is there any way, Jason, we can sort of think about some of those costs that could be structural,
whether -- whichever those years is the best to benchmark off of as we go forward? And then maybe in
'21, if you're -- let's assume you're ramping up throughout the year, would we expect to be obviously
below what we're seeing in '20 on an ALBD basis but still above that '17, '18, '19 on an ALBD basis?

Jason T. Liberty
Executive VP & CFO

Well, I know -- and when the time is right, Tim, we will look to try to provide guidance on how we see
our cost structure developing. I would take my comments earlier about returning to financial health
and getting back to kind of pre-COVID levels as the need for us to find ways to become more and more
efficient here over time. But I think it's too early to communicate exactly what that would be.

And of course, on a load factor basis and -- it's going to be a ramp-up. I'm sure people would like to have
a specific number, but again, if we look at -- until we have better visibility, it will be a little bit of time
here before we start kind of guiding on the volumes and how those volumes relate to staffing levels and
protocols that will be necessary in the early days.

Operator

Your next question is from Brandt Montour of JPMorgan.

Brandt Antoine Montour
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just curious as you look at next year from a marketing perspective, I know there's a lot of moving pieces,
but assuming that you do get a lift with the no-sail order in 2020, how do you think that your strategy for
sort of wave season marketing could change versus prior years and prior year strategies?

Michael W. Bayley
President & CEO of Royal Caribbean International

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ROYAL CARIBBEAN GROUP FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 10, 2020

Brandt, yes, I think it's been interesting ironically how well we've been doing with our bookings
with almost no marketing spend. So that's caused a lot of anxiety with our CMO and our marketing
organization because the bookings have been good without much investment.

I think the answer really is there's going to be a kind of a natural relationship between the amount of
investment in marketing when we return to service and the pace of the return to service. So back to both
Jason and Richard's point that this won't be a light switch, this will be a phased-in approach. And I think
our marketing will phase in over what I hope will be a relatively short period of time. But I think once we
get a real sense of how we're going to be returning to service in terms of the phasing, then our plans will
reflect that. And again, to my previous point, I'm also a believer that there's pent-up demand. So we're
feeling quite optimistic about how that may play out.

Brandt Antoine Montour
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And then just a follow-up, are you guys looking at any contingency plans sort of under a scenario where
we get to prime booking season for summer 2021, and let's say, Americans aren't willing to get on a
transatlantic flight? Maybe talk about the depth and breadth of your European local marketing arm and if
you think you could or would plan European-only sailings.

Michael W. Bayley
President & CEO of Royal Caribbean International

Yes. It's a great question. We literally have worked through multiple scenarios on possible outcomes,
applying different and multiple assumptions to these different scenarios. So it's a possibility. We hope
that doesn't play out, but we have built plans for what you just asked about and other types of possible
outcomes.

Operator

Your next question is from Jaime Katz of Morningstar.

Jaime M. Katz
Morningstar Inc., Research Division

I'm curious if you have any color on the resumption of cruising with TUI. I think they started a few weeks
ago, maybe 2 weeks ago. And has there been any feedback since that process has resumed?

Jason T. Liberty
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, sure. It's actually both our TUI brand as well as Hapag-Lloyd have resumed. In both cases, the
protocols that have been employed have one been well received and also seem to be managing the health
aspects of this. And so reports have been very good.

I think the thing that has been -- one of -- the better outcome is customer surveys and Net Promoter
Scores and so forth have been relatively high here. And so while we've installed some more protocol,
social distancing and so forth, what we have seen is that we've been able to put on an experience, a
vacation that is resonating very well with our German customers.

So it's still early days, and the product is building up more and more, and they haven't stopped anywhere
yet, but they've been able to put on great vacation experiences. They've been able to see beautiful things
beyond the fresh air, and that has -- that's resulted in very positive feedback from our customers.

Richard D. Fain
CEO & Chairman

I think I would just add one thing. It's important to understand, we're all still learning about COVID-19
and the implications. And so the opportunity to see what does happen under certain circumstances is
really helpful to all of us as we're going through this process.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

ROYAL CARIBBEAN GROUP FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 10, 2020

Jaime M. Katz
Morningstar Inc., Research Division

Okay. And then the impairment, I don't think it's delineated what that is allocated to last quarter. I think
the impairment was across all 3 brands -- or sorry, across Silversea. Was that Silversea again this quarter?
Or was there something else?

Jason T. Liberty
Executive VP & CFO

No. This had more to do with PullMantur -- well, some of it was PullMantur-related as that business is
under -- being restructured. There's also -- we had some ships that we believe relative to the number
of years they have left to recover their asset levels, there was some impairment there. And then there
were some things that had -- that also kind of flushed through in other joint ventures that we have and
collections that we don't think are possible for ships that we have sold, but it was under seller financing
for.

Operator

Your next question is from Greg Badishkanian of Wolfe.

Frederick Charles Wightman
Wolfe Research, LLC

It's actually Fred Wightman on for Greg. Richard and Jason, you guys have both talked about the stronger
bookings in the back half of '21. I'm wondering if you could just put a finer point on that. What is sort of
the relative bookings strength you're seeing in that summer and beyond period relative to the first half of
the year?

Jason T. Liberty
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, sure. So one, I would say it's, I believe, a little bit more into also the front half of the year. So you
see this kind of line as you kind of get into the early to mid-part of the second quarter where there's just
strong demand for the season and beyond. It's almost what the consumer has somewhat kind of focused
on, that's when it will be time for them to deal with this pent-up demand that Michael had talked about.

And if you look at it by product, it really is across all of our core products. So there's [indiscernible]
Caribbean, our European products, Alaskan products and so forth. So it's not just one thing, but it's really
clear as we get kind of mid-Q2 and beyond that there's high demand and our consumers are willing to pay
at or above these historical levels.

Frederick Charles Wightman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. Great. And then just on that pricing comment, cumulative '21 pricing did soften a bit versus what
we saw last quarter. I think you guys have suggested that would be the case. But should we continue --
or should we expect that cumulative pricing number to continue to come down a bit as more and more of
those FCCs are redeemed? Or should it be more stable?

Jason T. Liberty
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, really good question. So I think on the new bookings side, I mean, the patterns that we're seeing is
with strength and our guests willing to pay more than what they paid for same time last year or in 2019.
But as we -- as the FCCs get redeemed, we would expect that, that's going to have an impact on those
APDs because they're effectively a 25% discount on the APD because of the application of that cruise
credit. So I do think that there will be continued pressure on that APD benchmark just because of the
application of those FCCs.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

ROYAL CARIBBEAN GROUP FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 10, 2020

Your next question is from Ben Chaiken of Crédit Suisse.

Benjamin Nicolas Chaiken
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

You helped with some of the customer cohorts previously. Is there anything unique about the booking
channels that people are using for '21? For example, you mentioned pent-up demand, whether it's repeat
cruisers, or I think you mentioned the loyalty members. Is there any mix change you're seeing between
direct versus traveler, for example?

Michael W. Bayley
President & CEO of Royal Caribbean International

No, everything is pretty much normal in terms of how bookings are coming through the various channels.
So we've seen nothing yet that would make you think there's some kind of trend change occurring. I think
one thing is true that our distribution of -- many of our travel partners are obviously stressed because of
the situation, so that's something that we're aware of. Obviously, we're trying to be as supportive as we
possibly can to our travel partner community because when all of this does get behind us, we'll need them
and want them to be booking for us. So -- but no, no noticeable change at the moment.

Operator

Your last question comes from Vince Ciepiel of Cleveland Research.

Vince Charles Ciepiel
Cleveland Research Company

Curious, I wanted to circle back on the FCCs. I don't know if you'd specified how much of the $1.8 billion
in customer deposit was FCC-related. And then separately, as folks start to redeem their FCCs, maybe
once there's a clearer path back to sailing, what percentage of folks who take FCCs are applying them to a
specific sailing right now?

Jason T. Liberty
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So if you kind of think about that $1.8 billion of customer deposits, about $900 million of it or so is
our FCCs, and about 40%, 45% of those are nonrefundable FCCs. And so, so far, there's been about 1/3 of
those FCCs that have been applied. And we also have -- well, of the -- there's about 1/3 of the 125% ones
-- during, of course, our Cruise with Confidence program, which are the nonrefundable ones, it's been
about 20% that has been unapplied to date.

Okay. Well, thank you for your assistance today, Shelby, with the call. We thank you all for your
participation and interest in the company. Carola will be available all day for any follow-ups you might
have, and we all wish you all a very great day. And be healthy. Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may
now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

ROYAL CARIBBEAN GROUP FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 10, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

