SolarEdge Technologies, Inc. 

NasdaqGS:SEDG
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, February 16, 2021 9:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.88

0.98

11.36

0.90

3.98

4.11

3.27

4.67

355.45

358.11

0.75

379.00

1456.97

1459.27

0.16

1733.64

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-12-2021 2:10 PM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

1.27

0.71

0.85

0.88

0.95

0.97

1.21

0.98

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

SURPRISE

(25.20 %)

36.62 %

42.35 %

11.36 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

Presentation

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
SOLAREDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 16, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Ronen Faier
Chief Financial Officer

Zvi Lando
CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Brian K. Lee
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Colin William Rusch
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Jonathan Edward Dorsheimer
Canaccord Genuity Corp.,
Research Division

Maheep Mandloi
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Mark Wesley Strouse
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Marshall Hampton Carver
Heikkinen Energy Advisors, LLC

Moses Nathaniel Sutton
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Philip Shen
ROTH Capital Partners, LLC,
Research Division

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

ATTENDEES

Erica L. Mannion
Sapphire Investor Relations, LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

SOLAREDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 16, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, everyone. Welcome to the SolarEdge conference call for the fourth quarter and full year ended
December 31, 2020. This call is being webcast live on the company's website at www.solaredge.com in
the Investors section on the Event Calendar page. This call is the sole property and copyright of SolarEdge
with all rights reserved, and any recording, reproduction or transmission of this call without the express
written consent of SolarEdge is prohibited. You may listen to a webcast replay of this call by visiting the
Event Calendar page of the SolarEdge investor website.

I would now like to turn the conference call over to Erica Mannion at Sapphire Investor Relations, Investor
Relations for SolarEdge. Please go ahead.

Erica L. Mannion
Sapphire Investor Relations, LLC

Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us to discuss SolarEdge's operating results for the fourth quarter
and full year December 31, 2020, as well as the company's outlook for the first quarter of 2021. With me
today are Zvi Lando, Chief Executive Officer; and Ronen Faier, Chief Financial Officer. Zvi will begin with
a brief review of the results for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2020. Ronen will review
the financial results for the fourth quarter and full year, followed by the company's outlook for the first
quarter of 2021. We will then open the call for questions.

Please note that this call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that
could cause actual results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage
you to review the safe harbor statements contained in our press release and the slides published today for
a more complete description. All material contained in the webcast is the sole property and copyright of
SolarEdge technologies with all rights reserved.

Please note, this presentation describes certain non-GAAP measures, including non-GAAP net income
and non-GAAP net diluted earnings per share, which are not measures prepared in accordance with U.S.
GAAP. The non-GAAP measures are presented in this presentation as we believe they provide investors
with a means of evaluating and understanding how the company's management team evaluates the
company's operating performance. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation from,
as substitutes for or superior to financial measures and prepared accordance with U.S. GAAP. Listeners
who do not have a copy of the quarter ended December 31, 2020, press release or the supplemental
material may obtain a copy by visiting the Investors section of the company's website.

Now I will turn the call over to Zvi.

Zvi Lando
CEO & Director

Thank you, Erica. Good afternoon, and thank you all for joining us on our conference call. We are pleased
to report that we have concluded the quarter with revenues of $358 million and the year with record
revenues of $1.46 billion. Revenues for the fourth quarter in our solar business were approximately $327
million, also above last quarter's solar revenues.

Our solar revenues this quarter reflect strength in the U.S. residential market, which we had anticipated
in our earnings call last quarter. In fact, the quarter-over-quarter growth in shipments from the residential
segment in the U.S. was in excess of 50%. We expect this strong growth in our revenues from U.S.
residential products to continue in the first quarter of 2021 as well. We have also experienced very healthy
growth in our solar revenues from countries outside of the U.S. and Europe with record quarterly revenues
in Australia, where we finished 2020 and with over 30% year-over-year growth.

Our Europe solar revenues was down from Q3, as is the typical seasonal behavior of the European market.
However, on an annual basis, we are closing the year with record solar revenue in Europe of $579 million,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

SOLAREDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 16, 2021

up from $522 million last year, led by the Netherlands, Germany, Italy and Poland. We are very happy with
these results, in particular, in a challenged COVID year.

This quarter, we shipped over 1.36 gigawatts of AC nameplate inverters, approximately 457 megawatts
of which were shipped in North America. Shipments to Europe consisted of 594 megawatts. From a
segmental point of view, we shipped this quarter 566 megawatts of commercial products and 798
megawatts of residential products. This split represents the strength in residential I discussed earlier and
a noticeable reduction in commercial shipments, in line with what we explained in our call last quarter
regarding the slower recovery of commercial installations and the higher inventory of commercial products
in the channel.

In the fourth quarter, we believe commercial installations worldwide were still impacted by the economic
slowdown. However, we did see an increase in the installation rate of our commercial products and a
reduction in inventory levels this quarter, which we believe indicates that the recovery in the commercial
segment is underway. Overall, this quarter, we shipped 3.6 million power optimizers and approximately
166,000 inverters.

As discussed in our last call, the ramp of production in our Sella 1 manufacturing facility in Israel
continues. This, together with our manufacturing in Vietnam and Hungary, will enable us to supply
approximately 85% of our U.S. products without tariffs by the end of the first quarter of 2021.

On the product side, I want to spend a bit more time on our residential offering, and in particular, our
complete storage system. We continue to see good market acceptance and strong demand for our
EnergyHub single-phase storage inverter. In the fourth quarter, we shipped to the U.S. close to 15,000
EnergyHub inverters, up from approximately 6,500 in Q3. So far, we released the EnergyHub in power
levels between 3.8 to 7.6 kilowatts. In the coming months, we will release the high-power version with
inverter offerings of 10 and 11.4 kilowatts. The high-power versions are especially important as average
installation sizes increase, with consumers being more aware and interested in more power and more
stored energy for backup and outage scenarios.

Our EnergyHub supports today easy charger integration, multiple batteries for increased capacity and
multi-inverter configurations to our backup interface for increased power. In the coming months, we
will add generator integration and high backup power models, allowing 7 kilowatts and 10 kilowatts
of continuous power, critical for backup of a typical house load during power outages. The product
is designed to handle consumption patterns that we have learned from our installed base of tens of
thousands of battery-connected inverters.

We see the EnergyHub as a differentiated storage system, optimized for energy harvest and energy
management in grid-connected and backup scenarios. To complete the system, the EnergyHub is
connected to a battery in a DC-coupled configuration, aimed to enable harvesting of all the energy from
the modules on the roof. To clarify, typically, a system is oversized such that the total power of the
modules on the roof or of the individual module is larger than the capacity of the inverter. As such, in an
AC-coupled configuration, the utilization of the energy generated from the roof will be limited by the size
of the inverter.

In our SolarEdge DC-coupled configuration, all the energy generated by the modules will be harvested and
either used to power the required house consumption or to charge the battery in parallel, thus extending
backup time and increasing system utilization.

The EnergyHub inverter can be coupled with a third-party battery, as we currently offer, or our own
battery. In that regard, we are on track with the schedule discussed last quarter of initial shipments of our
own battery in Q2 and meaningful volumes in Q3.

In the commercial segment, we are beginning the base shipments of the new enlarged synergy inverter
with power rating of up to 120 kilowatts. In parallel, we began shipments of higher-power commercial
optimizers of up to 1,100 watts for a 2-module configuration, this in order to match the trend of high-
power modules that are becoming available around the world. The higher-power modules and optimizers,
combined with a higher-power inverter, will reduce the cost per watt for our commercial installers and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

SOLAREDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 16, 2021

we expect will increase adoption similar to what we have seen in 2020, where our annual commercial
megawatt shipments were up more than 25% compared to 2019.

In addition, we are seeing growing adoption of our designer software workflow solution, which enables
installers to easily design complex rooftops and seamlessly export the design for quick installation and
monitoring setup after installation. On average, every month, approximately 70,000 designs are created
on the platform by more than 12,000 installer accounts.

Moving to our nonsolar business. As announced earlier today, SolarEdge e-Mobility has been selected as
the Tier 1 supplier for full powertrains and batteries for the Fiat e-Ducato. For those of you who are not
familiar with this vehicle, the Fiat Ducato is recognized by many as the leading light commercial vehicle in
Europe and has been produced since 1981. Recently, FCA presented the electric version of the Ducato, and
we are proud that SolarEdge e-Mobility has been selected to supply the full powertrain and batteries for
this vehicle in Europe. Our solution includes inverters, DC-to-DC converters, batteries, onboard chargers,
vehicle control units and software for electrical vehicles.

As I have mentioned in past calls, we have already delivered prototypes for close to 100 e-Ducato vehicles
that are accumulating mileage throughout Europe today. We believe the experience gained through this
project, which has including adapting some of our production lines through automotive quality standards,
will serve us in our solar and other businesses well beyond the already exciting news of being part of the
e-mobility industry.

The automotive industry planned its vehicles years before they hit the road. This nomination reflects
a long-term investment and is in line with our growth plans beyond solar that we have laid out in our
earning calls and that formed the basis for our acquisition. Subject to market acceptance, in 2021, we
expect our e-Mobility business to deliver between $100 million to $120 million of revenue.

In our energy storage division, Kokam's revenue grew by 25% this year. And for the first time in many
years, Kokam is profitable. As a reminder, we completed the Kokam acquisition in October 2018. And this
year, we have ramped the existing lithium-ion cells and battery pack factory to full capacity.

This quarter, we also welcomed SW Jeong to our team as the General Manager of Kokam. Mr. Jeong is an
industry veteran with more than 2 decades of experience in leadership positions in Samsung Electronics.
We are excited to have him on board to lead our energy storage business out of Korea.

This quarter, we also began construction of our Sella 2 factory in Korea. This factory, which is part
of Kokam, represents another pillar of our growth strategy beyond solar, and once completed, will
manufacture 2 gigawatt-hour of lithium-ion cells per year. The factory's spread over 56,000 square meters
just outside of Seoul will be a state-of-the-art manufacturing facility and is expected to start production in
the first half of 2022. This capacity will enable us to supply cells through our own battery storage solutions
and for other applications.

We ended 2020 with record revenues of $1.46 billion, slightly above those of last year. Like most, when
the pandemic hit, we adjusted both our expenditure and forecast to take into account the impact of
the economic slowdown. And given the circumstances, we are pleased to have completed the year with
revenue slightly above those of last year. No less important, we were able to deliver these results while
continuing to invest and execute on our solar and nonsolar growth strategies.

And with this, I hand over to Ronen, who will review our financial results.

Ronen Faier
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Zvi, and good afternoon, everyone. This financial review includes the GAAP and non-GAAP
discussion. Full reconciliation of the pro forma to GAAP results discussed on this call is available on our
website and in the press release issued today.

Total revenues for the fourth quarter were $358.1 million, a 6% increase compared to $338.1 million last
quarter and a 14% decrease compared to $418.2 million for the same quarter last year. Revenues from

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

SOLAREDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 16, 2021

the sale of solar products were $327.1 million, a 5% increase compared to $312.5 million last quarter.
U.S. solar revenues this quarter were $132.3 million and represented 40.4% of our solar revenues. Solar
revenues from Europe were $146.7 million or 45% of our revenues.

This quarter, our top 10 solar customers represented 64% of our solar revenues and included more
European customers than last quarter. 3 customers accounted for more than 10% of our solar revenue.
While pricing levels remained stable this quarter, blended ASP per watt for our solar products increased by
approximately 12.5% compared to last quarter, a direct result of higher revenues from residential product
offering and an increased portion of revenues derived from the United States.

In line with what Zvi explained, inventory levels held by our distributors in the United States were healthy
on the residential side and still higher than desired on the commercial segment. This is in line with our
expectation, and this level will return to normal towards the second quarter of 2021.

This quarter, revenues from our nonsolar products were $31 million, led by sales of lithium-ion batteries
by Kokam and increased sales by e-Mobility. GAAP gross margin for the quarter was 30.8% compared to
32% in the prior quarter and 34.3% in the same quarter last year. Non-GAAP gross margin for the quarter
was 32.5% compared to 33.5% in the prior quarter and 35.5% in the same quarter last year. Non-GAAP
gross margin for the solar business was 36.2% compared to 34.8% in the last quarter, in line with our
solar gross margin target of 36% plus/minus 1%. This increase in the non-GAAP solar margin is the result
of larger portion of U.S. revenues; increased portion of residential products out of the total revenues;
improved exchange rates on sales in Europe; and cost-reduction activities, including reduction in the
portion of Chinese-made products that are subject to custom tariffs in the United States in our overall
product mix.

This quarter, approximately 60% of products shipped into the United States came from our nontariff
production. Sella 1 production continued to ramp according to plan and is expected to reach full
production capacity at the end of the second quarter of 2021. Until then, the ramp has a negative impact
on our gross margin.

Non-GAAP gross margin for our nonsolar activity was minus 6.4% compared to positive 16.9% in the
previous quarter. The decrease was mainly a result of an increase in e-Mobility preproduction expenses
related to the e-Ducato project. The powertrain units sold in this project are highly complicated systems
that include several components that are produced in part by contract manufacturers and assembled in
our Italian manufacturing facilities. Over the last quarter, we have been building manufacturing capacity in
Italy that includes an increase in the number of employees and associated expenses that are charged into
the cost of goods sold.

As a result of the relatively small number of units currently being produced, the complexity of
manufacturing and the fact that we have built production capacity that can suffice the projected
manufacturing level starting in Q1 2021, our margins on these projects are currently negative. Once we
stabilize the manufacturing at a higher output level, the margin will be at a single-digit level based on
current anticipated volumes.

Moving to our operating expenses. In total, GAAP operating expenses for the fourth quarter were $95.9
million or 26.8% of revenues compared to $77.7 million or 23% of revenue in the prior quarter and to
$92.7 million or 22.2% of revenues for the same quarter last year. A major part of the increase this
quarter is a result of stock-based compensation.

On a non-GAAP basis, operating expenses for the fourth quarter were $72.9 million or 20.4% of revenues
compared to $63.2 million or 18.7% of revenues in the prior quarter and $63.1 million or 15.1% of
revenues for the same quarter last year. Our non-GAAP solar operating expenses as a percentage of solar
revenues were 18.9% compared to 16.7% last quarter.

Our GAAP operating income for the quarter was $14.4 million compared to $30.4 million in the previous
quarter and $50.5 million for the same period last year. Non-GAAP operating income for the quarter was
$43.5 million compared to $50 million in the previous quarter and $85.3 million for the same period last
year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

SOLAREDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 16, 2021

This quarter, non-GAAP solar activities resulted in operating profit of $56.5 million compared to an
operating profit of $56.7 million last quarter. This number represents 17.3% of our solar revenues and is
slightly lower than our 20% to 23% long-term operating profit model. The nonsolar activity resulted in
a non-GAAP operating loss of $13 million compared to an operating loss of $6.6 million in the previous
quarter, mainly from our e-Mobility division.

Financial income for the quarter was $10.4 million compared to financial income of $15.8 million in the
previous quarter and financial income of $11.1 million for the same period last year. This income is a result
of foreign currency changes, offset by increased finance expenses related to the accounting treatment of
our convertible debt and leases. Tax expense was $7.2 million this quarter compared to a tax expense of
$2.4 million in the prior quarter and $9.2 million for the same period last year.

Our non-GAAP tax expense was $4.6 million compared to $1.6 million in the previous quarter and $10.4
million for the same period last year. Our tax rate is positively affected in the last quarters by higher
deductible expenses for tax purposes resulting from exercise of employees' stock compensation.

GAAP net income for the fourth quarter was $17.7 million compared to a GAAP net income of $43.8 million
in the previous quarter and $52.8 million for the same quarter last year. Non-GAAP net income was $55.7
million compared to a non-GAAP net income of $65.9 million in the previous quarter and $87.4 million for
the same quarter last year.

GAAP net diluted earnings per share was $0.33 for the fourth quarter compared to $0.83 in the previous
quarter and $1.03 for the same quarter last year. Non-GAAP net diluted earnings per share was $0.98
compared to $1.21 in the previous quarter and $1.65 in the same quarter last year.

Turning now to the balance sheet. As of December 31, 2020, cash, cash equivalents, bank deposits,
restricted bank deposits and investments were $1.2 billion. Net of debt, cash, cash equivalents, bank
deposits, restricted bank deposits and investments were $530.2 million. During the fourth quarter of 2020,
we generated $27 million in cash from operations. AR net increased nominally this quarter to $218.7
million compared to $183.1 million last quarter. DSO this quarter in the solar business was 75 days, an
increase from 70 days last quarter.

As of December 31, 2020, our inventory level net of reserves was at $331.7 million compared to $297
million in the prior quarter. A substantial portion of this growth is attributed to an increase in raw material
inventory in anticipation of start-up production in our e-Mobility division, and to a lesser extent, an
increase in our finished goods in the solar business.

Let's move now to summarize the full year of 2020. Revenues for the year were $1.46 billion, a 2.4%
increase from $1.43 billion in the calendar year 2019. Revenues related to our solar business were $1.36
billion, a 1.5% increase compared to 2019. GAAP gross margin was 31.6% compared to 33.6% in the
prior year. Non-GAAP gross margin was 33% compared to 34.9% in the prior year. GAAP net income for
2020 was $140.3 million, a 4.2% decrease compared to $146.6 million in the prior year and GAAP diluted
EPS of $2.66 compared to $2.90 in the prior year. Non-GAAP net income for 2020 was $224.4 million, a
3.5% decrease compared to $233.2 million in 2019 and a non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $4.11
compared to $4.44 in the prior year. Non-GAAP net income for our solar business was $264 million, a
4% increase compared to $254.1 million in 2019. This year, we generated $222.7 million in cash from
operations.

Moving now to guidance for the first quarter of 2021. We expect revenues in the first quarter to be within
the range of $385 million to $405 million. Revenues from the sale of solar products are expected to be
within the range of $360 million and $375 million. We expect non-GAAP gross margin to be within the
range of 34% to 36%. Non-GAAP gross margin from solar activities is expected to be within the range of
36% to 38%.
I will now turn the call to -- over to the operator to open it up for questions. Operator, please.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

SOLAREDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 16, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll hear first today from Mark Strouse with JPMorgan.

Mark Wesley Strouse
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Good to see the commercial channel inventory reducing. Curious if you can just quantify that, though. I
think on the last call, you mentioned around 14, 15 weeks is kind of where that stands. Maybe as of year-
end or as of today would be even better.

Ronen Faier
Chief Financial Officer

So the number is slightly lower this quarter but not dramatically. And again, it depends on the difference
between Europe and the United States, where in Europe, we see the weeks of inventories decreasing,
while in the U.S., they are decreasing to a lower extent.

I think that the more interesting part, though, is the fact that we do start to see more installations
happening in the commercial segment. And therefore, we now expect that this kind of inventory levels will
start dropping a little bit quicker. But in general, we see a small decrease.

Mark Wesley Strouse
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. Okay. And then just a quick follow-up. Hearing from some others in the industry talking about
component supply issues, semiconductor supply issues. Any impact on your supply chain? And is that
reflected in guidance?

Ronen Faier
Chief Financial Officer

So in general, Mark, it's something that we used to see in the past, these kind of component shortages.
And we actually foresaw this coming in the last few months and got ready for this. As you can see
reflected in our inventory levels, our inventory is a little bit higher than usual. First of all, due to the e-
Ducato project, but also given the fact that we are holding a relatively large amount of components of --
critical components of raw materials that we hold in anticipation for these kind of shortages.

At least at this point of time, we feel that we can manage through the shortages. We do not see any
impact on the production, and we're looking at it very closely. At the same time, we continue to have a
very close relationship and discussions with our suppliers because in many cases, we became a major
portion of those suppliers' capacity, or sometimes, sales. And therefore, both them and us have good
interest in staying in very close touch and making sure that we're well coordinated. So at least at this
point, we do not see a major effect.

Operator

We'll hear next from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I wanted to first talk about the e-Mobility business and just -- you've had a nice success here. Curious in
terms of the opportunity more broadly. I know you've had a dialogue and worked with a number of OEMs.
What is your sense of the potential to replicate what you've done here to kind of extend your relationship
with additional OEMs? How do you kind of feel about the opportunity beyond what you've just announced?

Zvi Lando

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

SOLAREDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 16, 2021

CEO & Director

So obviously, it's a huge market with a lot of potential. At the same time, processes take a very long time
in this industry, and we don't anticipate any quick wins. We're happy with this project. The experience
that we gained in this project helped us improve the product, improve our production capability, gain a lot
of experience from all of the mileage that was accumulated. And we hope to get future fruits out of this
learning and investment, but we don't foresee any quick wins in a short while. But it's a -- we're excited
about this project and excited for having a foot in the door of this huge opportunity.

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

That's helpful. And you did provide some prepared comments on sort of the size of the opportunity here
with Fiat. Would you mind just speaking a little bit further to that, to the extent that the relationship
continues to work well? Could you just speak a little bit more to sort of volumes? And you talked about the
margin situation now. Could you just talk a little bit longer term in terms of your aspirations there?

Zvi Lando
CEO & Director

So as mentioned in the comments, to a large extent, it depends on the acceptance of the vehicle. Now
we're optimistic because we know it's a very popular vehicle around here in Europe, and we see it
frequently on the road here in Israel as well.

The scale that we are -- is represented in our numbers is the scale of thousands over the next few years.
But again, it can go in either direction based on market acceptance.

Operator

We'll move next to Colin Rusch with Oppenheimer.

Colin William Rusch
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Can you tell us a little bit more about kind of the trend line on the OpEx side? How are you tracking that
on a non-GAAP basis to trend over the next several quarters?

Ronen Faier
Chief Financial Officer

So first of all, if I'm recalling -- and you mentioned the non-GAAP. You need to understand that there is
a big difference, as you can see, and it's growing between the GAAP and non-GAAP. A lot of it is related
to the stock-based compensation given the fact that stock price hiked so much. And therefore, these
expenses are representing a bigger portion.

But in general, I would start by saying that the way that we would like to see gross margins in a way that
allows us to be between 20% to 23% of operating profit on a non-GAAP basis. So that means that we are
aiming at around 15%, 16% of non-GAAP operating expenses coming for the solar business.

Now I think that we need to differentiate here between the solar and the nonsolar business. In the solar
business, the revenues are relatively high. And as long as we are able to maintain growth rates, the
numbers of the revenues and the impact is going to be so large that you should see an operational level
where when the numbers are growing, operating expenses as a percentage of revenues will go down.

We continue to invest in R&D as much as we can. Today, it's hard to broaden much more or as quick as we
would like, the R&D, simply given the fact that we already have a base of many people. So therefore, to
get many people in a short time is an issue.

On sales and marketing and G&A, there are economies of scale. And therefore, we should expect to
see this operating leverage continuing. The issue -- and the big question is usually around the newer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

SOLAREDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 16, 2021

businesses because these are businesses that are in a, I would call it, investment mode. And naturally, we
would like to invest there in R&D or market development.

So for example, in the e-mobility space, we definitely want to increase the product selection, and we
want to go to newer generation. In general there, I would assume that you may see a situation where the
growth in operating expenses is similar to the growth that you will see in the revenues. But when you tie
everything together with the solar that is so much bigger than the others, again, you should see that in
the overall picture, as a percentage of revenues, non-GAAP operating expenses should decline over time.

Colin William Rusch
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then in terms of the roll out on the energy storage products and qualification on
that, could you just give us an update on the timing when you expect to start shipping significant volumes
of that residential product? And then could you tell us a little bit about the incremental development
expense to integrate the generator capability into that product?

Zvi Lando
CEO & Director

So in terms of battery readiness, we are in the midst of the certification processes right now. And that,
together with completing the building up the manufacturing line, is what is leading us to the projection
of initial shipments within the second quarter and meaningful volumes in the third quarter. That's the
schedule that we communicated last quarter. And so far, we are on track with that.

In terms of -- there's no special incremental R&D related to generator integration. Actually, the hardware
is compatible already. It's a matter of the road map for software version releases that causes the fact that
the feature will be fully operational a couple -- a few months from now.

Operator

And from ROTH Capital Partners, we'll hear next from Philip Shen.

Philip Shen
ROTH Capital Partners, LLC, Research Division

As a follow-up on the storage question there. In the past, you guys have talked about targeting 2 gigawatt
per -- 2 gigawatt-hour run rate for the storage business exiting '21, so possibly in Q4. Is that reasonable
at all to assume? Or is that a little bit more likely in 2022 as a target or run rate?

Ronen Faier
Chief Financial Officer

Actually, Phil, here, I think that there is a little bit of maybe miss -- not good enough explanation on
our side. In general, the 2-gigawatt factory that we're building will be -- end of construction will happen
at the end of 2021. At that point, we will have a factory with all the equipment and capacity needed to
manufacture 2 gigawatt-hour a year. But from that point of time, we will need a few months to start
ramping up the activities and the facilities in the new factory. And this is something that takes a little bit
more time.

So while the capacity -- the build capacity of 2 gigawatt will be there at the end of 2021, only in the first
half of 2022 we will be able to ramp up the production with all the 3 shifts and all the processes to get to
this kind of a run rate.

Philip Shen
ROTH Capital Partners, LLC, Research Division

Okay. So as a follow-up there, you guys talked about revenues from e-Mobility of $100 million to $120
million. What do you think storage can contribute this year? And perhaps a mix by quarter would be
helpful as well.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

SOLAREDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 16, 2021

Ronen Faier
Chief Financial Officer

So in general here, again, the main question is going to be, of course, timing, which currently looks on
track. But as noted before, we believe that anything between $100 million to $150 million this year is a
number that we're aiming for.

Operator

We'll hear next from Jed Dorsheimer with Canaccord Genuity.

Jonathan Edward Dorsheimer
Canaccord Genuity Corp., Research Division

Congrats on another solid quarter. Quick question. I guess just on the HD-Wave and on the solar products,
the inverters specifically. Where are you in the process in terms of the conversion from silicon to wideband
gap? And then I have a follow-up to that.

Zvi Lando
CEO & Director

So in the current version as well as the EnergyHub, we are using -- still using standard silicon for these
generations. For newer generations, we're looking at different alternatives obviously.

Jonathan Edward Dorsheimer
Canaccord Genuity Corp., Research Division

Got it. I mean I'm just looking at the analog device spec sheet here that lists you guys and talking about
a 50% to 60% reduction of component costs. And so I'm just curious, as you see a potential supply/
demand rise in the commodity cycle here, it would seem like reduction of the passives and, in particular,
copper, would seem like a great hedge in terms of that shift. What's keeping you back from making that
transition?

Zvi Lando
CEO & Director

So obviously, we'll not get into too much detail. But those type of considerations are part of our thought
process for our next-generation products, but it's not something that is feasible to be implemented in
short cycles that align with the current shortages and to try to overcome them with that type of change.

So we're looking at these types of alternatives for our next-generation products that are a year or 2
years away and looking to find the best combination from cost and performance. But to get over the
current cycle of shortages, our actions, as Ronen described, are more traditional in terms of building up
component inventory, securing supply and building up a healthy level of finished goods inventory.

Operator

From Goldman Sachs, we'll hear next from Brian Lee.

Brian K. Lee
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I had 2 on margins. Just maybe first on the solar margins. It looks like you mentioned the mix in resi,
North American strength there helping margins in the near term. So I know in the past, you've given
us some high-level color around geo trends and the cadence. So in terms of solar margins, should we
start to see a bit of normalization in 2Q, maybe gross margins leveling off moving through the year? I'm
just trying to get a sense of if this is kind of the high watermark for solar margins in Q1 given the robust
outlook here or if you think there's actually upside from those levels moving through the year.

Ronen Faier
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

SOLAREDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 16, 2021

So as you mentioned, the margins are normalized or getting back to the levels that we used to talk about
before, about 36%, give or take, 1%. And this is basically a result of several things. The first one is the
fact that we start to see the United States being back, a more meaningful portion of our revenues -- of
the solar revenues. As we mentioned before, actually at the end of Q2, what we saw is that when the
pandemic started and the U.S. market was hit, we were able to grow substantially in Europe that in a way
-- that, on one hand, did not impact the revenues maybe as much as it would hit unless we were so active
in Europe, but at the same time, the higher competition and intensity in Europe prescribed much lower
gross margins. And at that time, by the way, we have -- I noted there's about a 500 basis point difference
between the U.S. and Europe in this regard.

Over time, 2 things happened. The first thing is that the euro got a little bit stronger compared to the
U.S. dollar. This is something that, of course, helps our margins in the sense that we still manufacture
in dollars, and therefore, we collect more dollars on every euro sale that we're doing. And the second
one is that once we're starting to sell in the United States, where the competition is a little bit lower on
residential due to the rapid shutdown regulations, then we were able to charge higher revenues than to
increase the margin.

And there is another issue that happened in the fourth quarter, and this is the fact that, in general,
commercial solar that is characterized with lower gross margins compared to residential was again lower
compared to the previous quarters. So this is the main change that happened.

Looking forward, as already described in our guidance, we expected the non-GAAP gross margin to be at
36% to 38%. So the midpoint is already at the higher range of our long-term target. And we expect this
to continue to happen. We continue to do cost reduction all the time. The pricing environment is relatively
stable both in the United States and in Europe. And we are continuing all the time to shift more and more
production to a non-Chinese manufacturing, at least the production that comes to the United States. And
compared to 60% of shipments of non-Chinese products in Q4, about 85% of these products that will
come to the U.S. in Q1 will be already from non-tariffs. So this is something that definitely drives us to the
higher range and the higher levels that we guided.

There is one phenomena, though, that we need to mention, and this is actually for the later part of the
year. While we assume that we will see the normalization in the solar margins in Q1 and Q2, actually, in
Q3, once batteries are starting to get bigger volumes and starting to have more effect on our margins.
And here, in the past, we discussed approximately 25% expected margins on batteries, we expect that the
overall portion of batteries in the revenues mix will drive this margin a little bit down.

So in general, we are normalizing in solar without batteries. Once batteries will come, we will basically
provide guidance a little bit about how to model and how to expect gross margins to be related to the
volume of batteries of the overall revenues.

Brian K. Lee
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Okay. I appreciate that color. And maybe a good segue into the second question I had just on -- Ronen,
you mentioned batteries. But e-Mobility, if you do the $100 million of revenue this year, is that all back
half-weighted in terms of time frame? And then on the margins, I know e-Mobility has some upfront costs
here. They're negative today, but what's the target for margins to go positive in e-Mobility, time frame-
wise? And ultimately, are you at the 25% or 30%, I think, target you've talked about in the past? Do you
get there in the back half of this year if the revenue range you're talking about is achieved?

Ronen Faier
Chief Financial Officer

So I'll start answering one by one. And if I miss anything, please, Brian, let me know. In general, we
expect -- volumes will initiate this quarter, and we believe that they will stabilize around Q2 or beginning
of Q2 towards the end of the year. So I would assume that the majority of the revenues will come between
Q2 to Q4. And that means that at that point, in Q2, we already expect to see positive gross margin on this
product.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

SOLAREDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 16, 2021

However, I think that we need to differentiate between the longer-term margins that we expect on e-
Mobility and the margins on this project. And the 2 key differentiators is, first of all, the fact that in e-
Mobility, unlike in solar, it's very hard to do cost reduction once the product is defined, nevertheless,
if it was launched or not. Because in the e-mobility space, once you have defined the product and you
basically validated the product with the manufacturer, you cannot change any component. And that, of
course, reduces dramatically your ability to either make changes in the product for cost reduction or even
to negotiate with your suppliers because they know that they're already designed into the product.

In the case of this e-Ducato project, it's a product -- project that we inherited from the acquisition of
SMRE. And therefore, there is not a lot that we can do in this specific product to reduce cost. And we
expect to see single-digit margins starting in Q2, and they will not be very high.

Once -- we will see 2 things happening. First of all, if indeed the market acceptance is going to be good
for this product, then we will see higher volumes, and then we will be able to spread the fixed costs that
we already have here over a larger amount of units. And this, of course, will increase the gross margin.
And second, we will be able, maybe over time when we'll have more projects, to go and reduce cost of
product if we're using them -- or components if you use them in other products as well because then we
have more leverage with the suppliers. But in any case, I do not expect it to happen -- not in 2021 and
not in the volumes that we're discussing right now.

Lastly, 30% is -- I do not believe that this is a number that can be achieved in the near future in e-
Mobility. If you look today at comparable companies in the e-mobility space, you see best margins being
at about 18%, and these are very technological and very good companies. It will take us the time to get
to that level of expertise. But at the same time, you usually see that the cost per unit is high enough that
the overall contribution to profitability, even if the margin is lower, is very high because every unit is very
expensive. So I hope that it answered all of the components. If not, let me know what I missed.

Operator

We'll move next to Maheep Mandloi with Crédit Suisse.

Maheep Mandloi
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

This is building upon Brian's question there on e-Mobility. Could you just talk about the nature of this
agreement with the Fiat group in terms of exclusivity and any trials or any pilots going on for the other
electric products? And in addition to that, I just wanted to understand the operating margin for this
business. I presume that given its more B2B nature, the OpEx should be a much lower percentage of sales
compared to that for the solar industry. So some color on that also would be helpful.

Zvi Lando
CEO & Director

So Maheep, I'll try to answer. And again, if I miss the second question, please clarify. So the dynamic in
this industry is that you get a nomination letter for a project that solidifies the intent for you to supply
the components for that project. We don't necessarily -- no one commits that we are the sole supplier,
and we don't necessarily know. But typically, in the industry, it's a supplier definitely for a product of this
complexity per project. That's to the first question.

To the second question, as I said earlier, we've been commenting about this opportunity and the fact that
it is coming close in the last couple of quarters. And we're confident enough to be more clear about it
in this call. So at this point, we are not on the verge of any additional project, definitely not a project at
this scale within the next couple of quarters. So there won't be quick wins and quick ramps and multiple
projects, at least not in 2021 here.

Maheep Mandloi
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Got it. Got it. And I just wanted to understand the operating leverage in this business in terms of -- I'm
sorry, 1 sec. Yes, I just want to understand the operating leverage, how mature. How much operating
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

SOLAREDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 16, 2021

expenses you expect as pushing your sales for this business given, I presume, its more B2B in nature,
right?

Zvi Lando
CEO & Director

So as -- we described a bit the content of what we are delivering, and the theme is consistent with
what would discuss practically in every other product that we are delivering in other segments as well:
inverters, DC-to-AC inverters, DC-to-DC converters, batteries, lithium ion, et cetera. So there is definitely
technology leverage that is going across the company in serving these applications from design through
reliability testing and on the manufacturing line. So there is a significant technology leverage and a fair
amount of operational leverage that is using our expertise in infrastructure for these new businesses.

It's not only e-mobility. It's also what we are doing in the area of critical power and UPSes. And of course,
lithium-ion and Kokam is a common thread. Although the batteries that are being used today in our e-
Mobility project are not coming from Kokam, as Ronen mentioned, those were inherited already in the
design when we acquired SMRE into the frozen design of the solution for this first project.

Operator

We'll hear next from Moses Sutton with Barclays.

Moses Nathaniel Sutton
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

On the storage product launch, once you get certified, once that's complete, how much available capacity
will you have in megawatt hours in 3Q, 4Q and exiting the year?

Zvi Lando
CEO & Director

The truth is that, unfortunately, we won't have the capacity for the demand that we are seeing. Practically,
from all regions, there is very strong pull for our battery, also from North America, also in Europe and also
in Australia. We are comfortable that we will have capacity to meet the numbers that Ronen mentioned
earlier to -- in the answer to fill on the potential projected revenue in the second quarter and maybe some
upside to go beyond that. But like I say, I wish we had capacity for all of the demand. That will probably
come in a better way in 2022 when we have our own factory.

Moses Nathaniel Sutton
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

That's helpful. And this may be a bit obtuse of me. But how are you gauging the demand to say that
you're -- you don't have enough for it? Is it based on the inverter product? Because no one's had the
product yet, so I'm just wondering how you're sort of getting a sense of the -- an expectation on what the
demand will be for the product once available?

Zvi Lando
CEO & Director

So it's a combination of -- we talked to many customers. They ask about the battery. They ask about the
specifications of the battery, which we share for them. The preference to have a full system coming from
the supplier, in this case, us, is something that is messaged by many customers.

And as I mentioned also in the prepared remarks, at the end of the day, we have a huge installed base of
storage systems with -- connected with all sorts of batteries: AC coppers, DC coppers, different sizes and
different configurations. So we are very familiar with the installers that are installing the systems and with
the preferences and with the needs in terms of the consumer needs, in the different modes of outages and
maximizing self-consumption and time-of-use applications. So we are anywhere between comfortable to
confident that the battery and the system design are meeting the needs of our inverter installers and that
they will want to adopt our full solution once the battery is available.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

SOLAREDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 16, 2021

Operator

We'll hear now from Marshall Carver with Heikkinen Energy Advisors.

Marshall Hampton Carver
Heikkinen Energy Advisors, LLC

I just have a quick one. You mentioned having some e-Mobility sales this quarter, but the majority would
be in 2Q and 3Q, 4Q. In your $385 million to $405 million 1Q guidance, how much do you think could
come from e-Mobility? Just trying to get a feel for -- is that $1 million? Is that $10 million, $20 million? I
mean it seems like -- just any color here -- there would be helpful.

Zvi Lando
CEO & Director

So at this point, we bucket in the nonsolar revenue into one number, which is $25 million to $30 million.
And we don't list out any individual components of the nonsolar business. When the revenue from e-
Mobility is sizable enough to warrant it, we will be breaking it out separately.

Marshall Hampton Carver
Heikkinen Energy Advisors, LLC

Okay. And the $100 million plus this year from e-Mobility would be incremental to the $100 million to $150
million once over?

Ronen Faier
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Basically, the numbers that we have for the e-Mobility are incremental to the battery storage numbers
that we have today. There is no overlap.

Operator

And at this time, I'd like to turn things back to management for any closing remarks.

Zvi Lando
CEO & Director

Thank you. In summary, we concluded a challenging yet positive year on all fronts, all of this while
continuing to invest and laying the ground for future growth and expansion into adjacent markets, the
fruit of which we are already beginning to see. We're looking forward to 2021, which we expect will be a
year of growth, new product releases and development of our solar and nonsolar businesses. Thank you
for joining us on our call today, and stay safe.

Operator
And that does conclude today's conference. Again, thank you all for joining us.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

SOLAREDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 16, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

