Snap-on Incorporated NYSE:SNA
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, April 21, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.79

Revenue  (mm)

877.72

2.60

852.20

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-21-2020 12:40 PM GMT

(6.81 %)

2.26

10.51

11.23

(2.91 %)

784.98

3446.17

3566.28

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

3.21

2.93

3.08

2.79

3.22

2.96

3.08

2.60

0.31 %

1.02 %

0.00 %

(6.81 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
SNAP-ON INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Aldo J. Pagliari
Senior VP of Finance & CFO

Nicholas T. Pinchuk
Chairman, CEO & President

Sara M. Verbsky
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Bret David Jordan
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Christopher D. Glynn
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Curtis Smyser Nagle
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

David Sutherland MacGregor
Longbow Research LLC

Erin Alexandra Welcenbach
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Gary Frank Prestopino
Barrington Research Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Scott Lewis Stember
CL King & Associates, Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

SNAP-ON INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, good day. And welcome to the Snap-on First Quarter 2020 Results Investor
Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded.

At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Sara Verbsky, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Please go ahead, ma'am.

Sara M. Verbsky
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Abby. And good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to review Snap-on's first
quarter results, which are detailed in our press release issued earlier this morning. We have on the call
today, Nick Pinchuk, Snap-on's Chief Executive Officer; and Aldo Pagliari, Snap-on's Chief Financial Officer.
Nick will kick off our call this morning with his perspective on our performance. Aldo will then provide a
more detailed review of our financial results. After Nick provides some closing thoughts, we'll take your
questions.

As usual, we have provided slides to supplement our discussion. These slides can be accessed under the
Downloads tab in the webcast viewer as well as on our website, snapon.com, under the Investors section.
These slides will be archived on our website along with a transcript of today's call.

Any statements made during this call relative to management's expectations, estimates or beliefs or
otherwise state management's or the company's outlook. Plans or projections are forward-looking
statements and actual results may differ materially from those made in such statements. Additional
information and the factors that could cause the results to differ materially from those in the forward-
looking statements are contained in our SEC filings.

Finally, this presentation includes non-GAAP measures of financial performance, which are not meant to be
considered in isolation or as a substitute for their GAAP counterparts. Additional information, including a
reconciliation of non-GAAP measures, is included in our earnings release and in our conference call slides
on Pages 14 through 16. Both can be found on our website.

With that said, I'd now like to turn the call over to Nick Pinchuk. Nick?

Nicholas T. Pinchuk
Chairman, CEO & President

.

Thanks, Sara. Good morning, everyone. Well, as some say, these are interesting times. There's
considerable turbulence in business and all across the everyday landscape, but I believe we can be
confident that Snap-on will navigate through it all and come out stronger than when it all started, just as
we have done in the past.

Before I get going, I think it's appropriate for all of you listening in, investors, associates, franchisees,
customers, retirees, analysts, you have our best wishes that you and your family -- families weather these
times safely and without harm. Now let's speak of Snap-on.

Firstly, we're keeping our teams safe. Snap-on people are working from home. And where that's not
possible, and there are a number of these instances we're proceeding using government prescribed
guidelines in the United States, those put forward by the Center for Disease Control: the CDC, physical
distancing, the use of personal protection equipment, cleaning of facilities deep and often, staggered
shifts and break and quick attention to those who have symptoms. For our franchisees, we're active and
helping providing a playbook for staying safe. The people of the Snap-on team are a great advantage.
We're working hard to preserve them as we move through the difficult.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

SNAP-ON INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Having said that, it's clear our operations are essential. Snap-on plays an important role in the
underpinning of our society, supporting vital activities, like the military, transportation infrastructure,
our critical vehicle repair, the areas we all depend on for emergency services for food delivery, for
distribution of medical supplies and for a variety of essential needs. Government bodies, including the
U.S. Department of Homeland Security and multiple states have deemed it so. And there have been clear
examples of that critical role from the United States to Italy to the U.K. And as such, our factories and
distribution centers have pretty much remained active doing their part, keeping the world going.

Consistent with that, our sourcing teams have been able to maintain our supply chain, supporting both
our factories and our kitting centers. Overwhelmingly, our sourcing partners have recognized the criticality
of our needs and have remained active to provide support. Now in this arena, particularly in the U.S., we
do have an advantage because we make in the markets where we sell. Our supply chain is fine. As you
might expect, the impact of the virus varies across our operating landscape. Asia, in general, and China, in
particular, has seen the impact for some time. But now, particularly in China, showing some rays of light.
Restaurants are opening, and people are driving en masse. Europe has seen weak economics for several
quarters, and COVID-19 has made it worse pretty much all over. It's a region that seems particularly hard
hit. Of course, there's a lot being written about the United States. We do see a mix. There are points of
light, primarily in the middle of the country, where franchisees have set personal positive records, and
there are places, particularly in the northeast, where activity has been significantly restricted. And there
are locations, not that many at this point, where we've seen green shoots of recovery.

If you view the world by business segment, most seem quite impacted. Oil and gas, of course, education
and vehicle OEM projects, but there are other places like the military, like general industry and like
trucking that appear more positive. Regardless of the current landscape, we believe we have the resilience
and the strength to navigate the downturn as Snap-on has done so many times before. The fact that
since 1939, over all those years, encountering several periods of significant challenge, Snap-on has paid
a dividend every quarter and has never reduced it. That record stands as evidence of our resilience. So
in that regard, we believe our longer-term prospects have not been impacted. While the time lines are
uncertain, we are confident on a positive outcome to this interlude.

You can see it in the last recession in 2009. Remember how uncertain it was? Bad news for breakfast.
People thinking about putting their money in the mattresses. The idea of more deep walls seeming okay
without stigma. But if you look at Snap-on's record during that withering, we navigated the turbulence and
came out stronger. We believe that, that reflects the essential nature of our business, the strength of our
position in that business and the experience and capability of our team. That wasn't our first rodeo, and
neither is this.

Because we believe in that recovery, we're keeping up with the elements of Snap-on Value Creation:
safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and rapid continuous improvement. It's particularly
evident in customer connection and innovation. Even in the turbulence, we're continuing with the stream
of new products. The green shoots will grow, and we're going to be ready. Well, that's the overview. Let
me turn to the results.

First quarter as reported sales were $852.2 million, down 7.5%, including a $10.3 million or a 100 basis
point impact from unfavorable foreign currency. Organic sales declined 6.9%, reflecting the ongoing
weakness in Europe and the impact of the global economic uncertainty associated with COVID-19.

From an earnings perspective, opco OI for the quarter of $138.9 million, including $7.5 million of
restructuring charges, principally focused on Europe. And $3.3 million of unfavorable currency effect was
$48.5 million lower than 2019, which included $11.6 million benefit from the settlement of patent-related
litigation matters. Now that's a mouthful. But the 2020 as adjusted opco OI of $146.4 million, excluding
restructuring, was down 16.7% from last year's as adjusted level. And if you consider the sequential
impact of the turbulence caused by the pandemic, the first quarter sales of $852 million were down
organically from the fourth quarter 2019 by 10.5%, while the period's as adjusted OI of $146.4 million
was down 14.6%.

Regarding opco's OI margin, the as adjusted 17.2% recorded in the first quarter compared with the as
adjusted 19.1% and the 17.9% registered in the prior year and in the prior quarter, respectively. For

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

SNAP-ON INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

financial services, operating income of $56.9 million was down from last year's $62.1 million, including a
$2.6 million higher credit reserve as a result of the economic uncertainty associated with the virus. Overall
EPS on an as-reported basis was $2.49, and it compared to $3.16 last year. The as adjusted EPS was
$2.60, and that compared with last year's $3.01, down 13.5%.

Now let's move to the groups. C&I saw mixed progress through the end of February, attenuated by
significant declines in March, volume in the first quarter of $299.9 million, including $5.3 million of
unfavorable foreign currency translation, which is down versus last year's $322.5 million, primarily on
double-digit declines in Asia Pacific and in Europe, reflecting the longer impact of the virus in Asia and the
ongoing economic weakness in Europe, combined with the later period effect of COVID-19.

From an earnings perspective, C&I operating income of $31.5 million decreased $1.5 million -- $15
million from 2019, including $4.4 million of restructuring and $1.2 million of unfavorable foreign currency
effects. Now critical industries did show variation with relatively favorable performance in the military,
trucking fleets and general industry. You can see the essential nature of those areas in our activities as
we supported the production and the maintenance of the F-35 fire, and as our critical tools help keep
the London ambulances on the road. That positive activity was offset by weakness in natural resources,
education and aerospace as some of our commercial customers struggle to respond to the pandemic
and the resulting lower oil prices and technical school shutdowns and reduced flights and generally lower
capital spending. Overall, however, the critical industry is reflecting in part the essential nature of those
tasks, were flat in the turbulence.

We do remain confident in and committed to extending in the critical industries. So as a matter of
fact, we're continuing to strengthen our product line, enhancing our position even in the attenuated
environment. A great example, just introduced this quarter from the power tools division, is the new
CT9100, 3/4-inch cordless impact wrench. It's equipped with the market-leading combination of power
and durability. The 3/4 inch amble makes the unit great for essential tasks, for big industrial applications,
for power generation, for heavy-duty fleets; and for the military, where fastener sizes are larger, torque
values are higher, and reliability and consistent performances are pretty critical. With its 5-amp power
lithium battery, the CT9100 provides 1,000 pound feet of bolting and 1,300 pound feet of breakaway
torque. That's real power. And beyond the strength, the tool has considerable versatility, 3 torque settings
in forward and 3 in reverse, optimizing performance for a wide range of applications. And it has a built-
in break, preventing that powerful wrench from throwing fasteners and sockets around when you use it.
That's a significant safety feature. It's built in our -- the tool's built in our Murphy, North Carolina plant.
And it uses best-in-class components for superior toughness, substantial strength and long service life.

The new impact was just released in February in a limited distribution, but it's already on track to become
a hit $1 million product. It's been quite well received. C&I, navigating the turbulence with customer
connection and innovation, serving the essential.

Now on to the Tools Group. Sales were $375.9 million in the quarter, reflecting $31.8 million -- or a $31.8
million organic decline and $2.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. The progress we saw
in the U.S. van channel early in the quarter was erased, and the continuing weakness in the international
operation was amplified by the virus as the virus spread more widely. The operating earnings of $48.6
million including $1.4 million of unfavorable foreign currency compared to $67.2 million in 2019.

One advantage, we believe our franchisees entered the difficulties with a strong underlying position, and
that base will come in handy during the immediate future. And as I said before, van activity is mixed.
There are points of light. We saw a great record-setting franchisee performance in Iowa. Even in New
York, some have adjusted well, turning in strong results, but there are places where the network is
attenuated. The vans are seeing variation, but we have considerable confidence in our ability to adjust
and return to full strength. We've done it before in disasters like Superstorm Sandy and Hurricanes Marie
(sic) [ Maria ] and Harvey. And the tools team is working again in its difficulty with focus to make sure our
franchisees weather the storm and emerge with advantage. We're supporting the franchisees with tailored
programs, targeted promotions and, again, great new product. Products like the new line of 1/4-inch
drives stubby ratchets, boasting the shortest length on the market. The fixed head at 2.5 inches and the
flex head at 3.25 inches both offer improved accessibility in constrained spaces. Like all our quarter-inch

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

SNAP-ON INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

drive ratchets, the new stubbies include Dual 80 technology for convenient ratcheting arc of 5 degrees
and for more power and less lateral space. They each have sealed heads, which ensure long tool life and
a screw style joint design that enables very easy repair, all while maximizing strength. The new ratchets,
they were launched regionally again in March, and initial sales were nearly $1 million, a significant success
for a hand tool and a regional introduction, especially in a storm.

Now let's talk about tool storage, holding its own in the face of the pandemic, helped in part by the 100th
anniversary limited edition EPIQ roll cab with the centennial-themed panels and medallions. The 68-inch
EPIQ with the LED-lighted power tool top features a gunmetal clear coat paint scheme, a new brush red
trim color, darker and richer than our standard. That first-time color combination highlights our continued
innovation and emphasizes our capacity to expand color choices for -- and it captures the attention of
technicians, who want to declare they are a very special professional. Only $1,920. We were founded in
1920. Only 1,920 were built. And the number of medallions will showcase each boxes placed in Snap-on's
history. Reception was strong, the box sold out. Well, that's the Tools Group. Navigating the challenge is
underpinned by strong product.

Now let's speak of RS&I. The RS&I group finished the quarter at $314.6 million in sales compared to
$327.9 million last year, reflecting a $12.9 million organic sales decrease. The growth through February,
showing an improvement in all businesses, with the exception of our automotive OEM-facing operation,
was overcome by slippage in March, deeper decreases in the OEM area and end-of-quarter weakness in --
end-of-quarter weaker volume in undercar equipment for both automotive dealerships and independent
repair shops. RS&I operating earnings of $77.3 million decreased $6.3 million, including $3.1 million
of European-focused restructuring. Operating margin was 24.6%, including 100 basis points from the
restructuring and compared to the 25.5% recorded last year. Excluding restructuring, the OI margin was
25.6%, up 10 basis points for RS&I despite the pandemic.

Now the overall growth was impacted by continuing weakness in OEM programs and the equipment
volumes. Our diagnostics and repair information businesses did advance in the quarter, and we're working
to keep that momentum going with innovative new products and features, attractions like our recently
introduced interactive truck wiring diagrams. It's an enhancement to the Mitchell 1 heavy-duty repair
information system. Now just like for light vehicles, technicians with the Mitchell 1 system can click on
any picture component in a truck and retrieving -- when it looks at a wiring diagram, it can retrieve a
pop-up menu with specifications, physical locations, connector views and guided component tests. The
new productivity-enhancing truck wiring diagrams were introduced in late February. I was at a press
conference attended by the industry's top publications, and reception was great. It's one of the reasons
why Mitchell 1 kept growing in the quarter.

Also, during February, we launched our SOLUS -- our new SOLUS Legend diagnostic scan tool. It's quick.
A 10-second boot-up and the ability to display scan results in as little as 30 seconds. It also offers a best-
in-class 8-inch touch screen color display, and it combines a full diagnostic capability -- it combines full
diagnostic capabilities for both standard vehicles and for motorcycles into one platform. That's a very
popular feature. The new handheld also provides access to our SureTrack vehicle-specific real fixes, repair
tips and commonly replaced parts, all derived from our proprietary database of 1.3 billion repair actions.
SOLUS Legend has the look of a very successful addition to our lineup.

We're confident in the strength of the RS&I product line. And we keep driving to expand its position with
repair shop owners and managers, making work easier with great new products even in the days of the
virus.

Well, that's a Snap-on first quarter. Some momentum in the beginning, checked by the virus, making sure
our team is safe. Maintaining our operations. They're essential to society. Navigating the mix effects of
the virus across our geographies and industries, knowing we can weather the difficulties, not knowing the
exact time line, but confident that our position is positive going forward and keeping our company strong,
Snap-on Value Creation and a continuing string of new products.

Now I'll turn the call over to Aldo. Aldo?

Aldo J. Pagliari

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

SNAP-ON INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Senior VP of Finance & CFO

Thanks, Nick. Our consolidated operating results are summarized on Slide 6.

Net sales of $852.2 million in the quarter compared to $921.7 million last year, reflecting a 6.9% organic
sales decline, $10.3 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation and $3.5 million of acquisition-
related sales. The organic sales decrease this quarter primarily reflected the impact of economic
uncertainty associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, with sales decline in all 3 operating segments and
across most geographies.

Through the month of February, with the exception of Asia Pacific and certain European geographies,
sales were up on a year-over-year basis. As the effects of COVID-19 spread across Europe and the United
States in March, and as further government actions were put in place, demand slowed and access to some
customers was interrupted, resulting in the lower year-over-year sales for the quarter. During the quarter,
as a result of the continued economic slowdown in Europe as well as effects of COVID-19, we recorded
$7.5 million of restructuring costs for actions primarily associated with our European operations. These
costs were recorded in both the Commercial & Industrial Group and the Repair Systems & Information
Group.

Consolidated gross margin of 49.5% compared to 51.2% last year, which was one of the highest quarterly
gross margins reported in Snap-on's recent history. The 170 basis point decrease primarily reflects 60
basis points from restructuring costs, the impact of lower volumes, costs associated with COVID-19-
related operating disruptions and 10 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects. The decrease
was partially offset by savings from RCI initiatives. Despite the cost of restructurings and the impact of
COVID-19 in the first quarter, the gross margin rate of 49.5% improved sequentially from 47.2% in the
fourth quarter of 2019. The operating expense margin of 33.2% increased 230 basis points from 30.9%
last year. The first quarter of 2019 included an $11.6 million or 120 basis point benefit associated with the
legal settlement Nick mentioned earlier. The remaining increase primarily reflects the impact of lower sales
volumes, 30 basis points from restructuring actions and 10 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency
effects.

Operating earnings before financial services of $138.9 million, including $7.5 million of restructuring
costs and $3.3 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects compared to $187.4 million in 2019, which
included the $11.6 million legal settlement. As a percentage of net sales, operating margin before financial
services of 16.3% compared to 20.3% last year. On an adjusted basis for both years, excluding the impact
of restructuring and the benefit of the legal settlement, operating earnings before financial services of
$146.4 million or 17.2% of sales decreased 16.7% from $175.8 million or 19.1% of sales in 2019.

Financial services revenue of $85.9 million in the first quarter of 2020 compared to $85.6 million last
year. While operating earnings of $56.9 million compared to $62.1 million in 2019, primarily reflecting a
$4.5 million increase in provisions for credit losses. Included in the higher provisions, under the recently
adopted accounting standard update Topic 326 on credit losses, often referred to as CECL, there was $2.6
million of higher reserve requirements resulting from the economic uncertainty caused by COVID-19.

Consolidated operating earnings of $195.8 million, including $7.5 million of restructuring charges, $2.6
million of higher credit reserve requirements and $3.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects
compared to $249.5 million last year, which included the legal settlement. As a percentage of revenues,
the operating earnings margin of 20.9% compares to 24.8% last year. On an adjusted basis in both
years, excluding restructuring and the legal settlement, operating earnings of $203.3 million or 21.7% of
revenues, decreased 14.5% from $237.9 million or 23.6% of revenues in 2019.

Our first quarter effective income tax rate of 24.2% compared to 24.3% last year. The effective rate in
both periods were increased by 10 basis points from the restructuring charges in 2020 and the legal
settlement in 2019.

Finally, net earnings of $137.2 million or $2.49 per share, including an $0.11 charge for restructuring,
a $0.04 impact from the COVID-19-related credit provisions and a $0.05 unfavorable impact associated
with foreign currency compared to $177.9 million or $3.16 per share a year ago. On an adjusted basis,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

SNAP-ON INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

excluding the restructuring charges this year and the $0.15 benefit from the legal settlement in 2019, net
earnings of $143.2 million or $2.60 per share compared to $169.2 million or $3.01 per share last year.

Now starting with the C&I Group on Slide 7. Sales of $299.9 million compared to $322.5 million last year,
reflecting a 5.7% organic sales decline and a $5.3 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation,
partially offset by $0.7 million of acquisition-related sales. The organic decrease primarily includes double-
digit declines in sales in both the segment's Asia Pacific operations and European-based hand tools
business, partially offset by a high single-digit gain in our power tools operations.

Gross margin of 36.8% decreased to 360 basis points year-over-year, primarily due to 150 basis points
from $4.4 million of restructuring charges, the impact of lower sales volumes as well as higher sales
and lower gross margin businesses, including sales to the military and costs associated with COVID-19-
related operating disruptions. These decreases were partially offset from savings from the company's RCI
initiatives.

The operating expense margin of 26.3% increased 30 basis points from 26% last year. Operating earnings
for the C&I segment of $31.5 million, including $4.4 million of restructuring charges and $1.2 million of
unfavorable foreign currency effects compared to $46.5 million last year. The operating margin of 10.5%,
including the 150 basis point charge for restructuring compared to 14.4% a year ago and 12.8% in the
fourth quarter of 2019.

Turning now to Slide 8. Sales in the Snap-on Tools Group of $375.9 million compared to $410.2 million in
2019, reflecting a 7.8% organic sales decline and $2.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation.
The organic sales decline includes a mid-single-digit decrease in our U.S. franchise operations and a
double-digit decline internationally. As Nick mentioned, sales in the United States were up year-over-year
through February before the wider government restrictions impacted access to certain customers and
locations during March.

Gross margin of 42.7% declined 190 basis points, primarily due to the impact of lower sales volume,
costs associated with COVID-19-related operating disruptions and 20 basis points of unfavorable foreign
currency effects. The operating expense margin of 29.8% increased from 28.2% last year, primarily due to
the impact of lower sales volumes and 10 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effects. Operating
earnings for the Snap-on Tools Group of $48.6 million, including a $1.4 million of unfavorable foreign
currency effects compared to $67.2 million last year, while the operating margin of 12.9% compared to
16.4% a year ago and 13.2% in the fourth quarter of 2019.

Turning to the RS&I Group shown on Slide 9. Sales of $314.6 million compared to $327.9 million a year
ago, reflecting a 4% organic sales decline and $3.2 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation,
partially offset by $2.8 million of acquisition-related sales. The organic sales decrease includes double-
digit decline in sales to OEM dealerships and a low single-digit decrease in sales of undercar equipment,
partially offset by a low single-digit gain in sales of diagnostics and repair information products to
independent repair shop owners and managers.

Gross margin of 47.9%, including 20 basis points of costs from restructuring, decreased 30 basis points
from 48.2% last year. The operating expense margin of 23.3%, including 80 basis points of costs from
restructuring, increased 60 basis points from 22.7% in 2019. Operating earnings for the RS&I Group of
$77.3 million compared to $83.6 million a year ago, and the operating margin of 24.6%, including 100
basis points of costs from restructuring decreased 90 basis points from 25.5% last year.

Now turning to Slide 10. Revenue from financial services of $85.9 million compares to $85.6 million last
year. Financial services operating earnings of $56.9 million compared to $62.1 million in 2019. Financial
services expenses of $29 million increased $5.5 million from last year's levels, primarily due to $4.5
million of increases in the provision for credit losses, which included $2.6 million under Topic 326 or CECL
for the impact of COVID-19. Excluding the $2.6 million associated with COVID-19, provisions for credit
losses increased $500,000 from those recorded in the fourth quarter of 2019. As a percentage of the
average portfolio, financial services expenses were 1.4% and 1.1% in the first quarters of 2020 and 2019,
respectively.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

SNAP-ON INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

The average yield on finance receivables in the first quarter of 2020 was 17.7% compared to 17.8% last
year. The respective average yield on contract receivables was 9% and 9.1%. Total loan originations of
$255.6 million increased $3.1 million or 1.2%, primarily due to a 1.1% increase in originations of finance
receivables and a 2% increase in originations of contract receivables, principally franchise finance. In the
United States, extended originations were up 2%, largely reflecting higher franchisee sales of big-ticket
products.

Moving to Slide 11. Our quarter-end balance sheet includes approximately $2.1 billion of gross financing
receivables, including $1.9 billion from our U.S. operation. Our worldwide gross financial services portfolio
decreased $19.8 million in the first quarter, primarily due to $26 million of unfavorable foreign currency
effects. The 60-day plus delinquency rate of 1.7% for the United States extended credit is up 20 basis
points from a year ago, but remains well below levels seen in 2008 through 2010 and improved 10 basis
points sequentially. As it relates to extended credit or finance receivables, the largest portion of the
portfolio, trailing 12-month net losses of $50.4 million represented 2.99% of outstandings at quarter
end, up 8 basis points sequentially, of which approximately 4 basis points is as a result of the unfavorable
foreign currency effects on the portfolio.

Now turning to Slide 12. Cash provided by operating activities of $213.4 million in the quarter increased
$12.1 million from comparable 2019 levels, primarily reflecting net changes in operating assets and
liabilities, including decreases in working investment, partially offset by lower net earnings. Net cash used
by investing activities of $49.8 million included capital expenditures of $17.2 million and net additions to
finance receivables of $22.1 million. Additions to, and collections of, finance receivables were consistent
with that of the prior year.

In the quarter, our free cash flow from operating company of $143 million improved $10.7 million, as
lower working investment largely offset the change in year-over-year net earnings. Additionally, the
first quarter of 2019 cash flow reflected the settlement of a legal matter, which resulted in a decrease
in accrued liabilities of $11.6 million in that prior year period. Total free cash flow or cash flow from
operating activities, less capital expenditures and the net change in finance receivables of $174.1 million,
represented 123% of net earnings. Net cash used by financing activities of $157.1 million included cash
dividends of $59 million and the repurchase of 349,000 shares of common stock for $50.5 million under
our existing share repurchase programs. As of quarter end, we had remaining availability to repurchase up
to an additional $313.3 million of common stock under existing authorizations.

Turning to Slide 13. Trade and other accounts receivable decreased $59.4 million from 2019 year-end,
including $21.9 million from unfavorable foreign currency translation. Day sales outstanding of 62 days
compared to 67 days at 2019 year-end. Inventories decreased $3 million, including $25.1 million of
unfavorable foreign currency from 2019 year-end. On a trailing 12-month basis, inventory turns of
2.5 compared to 2.6 at year-end 2019. Our quarter end cash position of $185.8 million compared to
$184.5 million at year-end 2019. Our net debt-to-capital ratio of 21.7% compared to 22.1% at year-end
2019. At the end of the quarter, we had $150 million of short-term borrowings under our $800 million
revolving credit facility that terminates in September 2024. These funds were largely utilized to pay down
commercial paper outstanding at year-end 2019. As such, there were no commercial paper borrowings
outstanding at the end of the quarter, and our net debt levels were similar to year-end.

As of the end of the quarter, we were well within the permitted ranges set forth in the credit facility's
financial covenants. Despite the uncertainty in the credit and financial markets, we currently believe we
have sufficient available cash and access to both committed and uncommitted credit facilities to cover
expected funding needs in both the near-term and on a long-term basis.

That concludes my remarks on our first quarter performance. I'll now briefly review a few updated outlook
items. While we do not generally provide quarterly sales or earnings projections in the near term, we
anticipate no improvement in the macroeconomic environment and, as a result, expect sales, credit
originations and earnings in the second quarter of 2020 to be lower than those in the same period last
year. We now anticipate that capital expenditures will be in the range of $70 million to $80 million as
compared to our prior estimate of $90 million to $100 million. Additionally, we currently anticipate that our
full year 2020 effective income tax rate will be in the range of 23% to 25%.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

SNAP-ON INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

I'll now turn the call back to Nick for his closing thoughts. Nick?

Nicholas T. Pinchuk
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, Aldo. Snap-on first quarter, progress interrupted, a time of multiple headwinds, the ongoing
economic weakness in Europe, the continuing impact of COVID-19 in Asia and the spread of the virus in
Europe and North America, all in this quarter. As I've said, our team is experienced. This isn't our first
encounter with deep difficulty. And in this, we are keeping our people safe, working from home, and when
we can't, distancing, using PPE where appropriate and cleaning deep and often. What we do is essential
to society. And we're acting accordingly, maintaining operations to keep the world going, supporting the
professionals performing critical tasks. The impact of the virus is mixed across our businesses, some
sliding deeper, some flattening, some getting better, all at the same time. But we're confident that the
continuing and essential nature of our mission, the advantage of our position. The strength of our balance
sheet, the extraordinary experience and capability of our team will carry us through the turmoil. Our long
history, navigating disruption, our dividend record and our performance in the last great recession all say
so.

We don't know the time line or the shape of the disruption, but we do know we'll resume our upward trend
with surety. And because of that, we're confident. Because of that confidence, we're working to preserve
our strengths and our advantages. We'll keep driving the elements of Snap-on Value Creation, building
our capability, expanding our products, nurturing our networks. And we believe we'll emerge from this
turbulence stronger than when we entered, as we have so often before.

Before I turn the call over to the operator, I want to speak directly to our associates and franchisees, the
Snap-on frontline. I know you're listening today. We will all pass through this challenge together. And in
this difficulty, there's no other team I would rather be standing with. For your courage in meeting the
difficulties, you have my admiration. For your capability in navigating the challenges of the day, you have
my congratulations. And for your dedication and fulfilling your essential role in supporting our society, you
have my thanks.
Now I'll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

SNAP-ON INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from David Leiker with Baird.

Erin Alexandra Welcenbach
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

This is Erin Welcenbach on for David. So my first question is about the sale of big-ticket products. Based
on the finance receivable originations in your commentary, it sounds like that held in better than maybe
expected. So I guess I'm wondering if you can give any color on how that shaped up, I guess, throughout
the quarter and expectations of that given the weaker economic conditions in Q2.

Nicholas T. Pinchuk
Chairman, CEO & President

Well, I think when you talk about looking forward, I think -- we think we're going into a little more
turbulence. It's going to be extended. Remember that the first California shelter at home was only done,
I think, March 22. So we're only talking about a relatively short period of time in this kind of situation. So
it's hard to make any extrapolations on that. But if you look at the quarter, here's what happened. I think
I said it. Tool storage held its own. Diagnostics was pretty good. So you had the underpinning of those
things. But remember that originations and sales -- Tools Group sales don't necessarily match up. There's
a timing difference. And in the quarter, in the quarter, the sales off the truck exceeded -- were positive,
actually, exceeding the Tools Group sales. So you have some of that mismatch there. But as I've said, we
were kind of pleased that the tool storage business held its own.

Erin Alexandra Welcenbach
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then, Nick, I think you had mentioned that you were doing some things to
support the franchisees during this time. Can you provide some more color on some of the actions you're
taking?

Nicholas T. Pinchuk
Chairman, CEO & President

Well, first and foremost, what we're doing is we're trying to give them a playbook. I don't think many
people have seen this before, so we're trying -- we did this actually in Superstorm Sandy. That's why I've
mentioned this stuff, the Marie (sic) [ Maria ] and so on. Each disaster is a little bit differently, but we're
trying to tell them how to conduct their business, serving essential and critical tasks in an atmosphere of
distancing. And so we have a playbook to help them. And then we're kind of working with them with other
things in terms of working with their financials. And they're working with their business managers in each
of their locations to try to find a path in the particular prescription that will help them and their individual
franchisees move forward.

Like I said -- what I was trying to say is the world is mixed. So we have guys in Iowa, who are kicking it.
There was a guy in Iowa, who had a week we couldn't believe. And even in New York, in the New Rochelle
area had -- but on the other hand, other people are having difficulty. So we try to -- we're adjusting to
each person, each franchisee.

Erin Alexandra Welcenbach
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. And then finally, on Asia Pacific, you mentioned a better trajectory coming on to the end of the
quarter and higher miles driven. I'm wondering, what do you think is driving the miles driven recovery
there? Is it just some pent-up demand? Or are you seeing some -- at least anecdotes of a structural shift
in terms of consumer behavior, kind of a preference towards private vehicle ownership?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

SNAP-ON INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Nicholas T. Pinchuk
Chairman, CEO & President

Well, I don't know. This is early days. And the thing is I didn't say necessarily -- I said we see green
shoots of recovery there. But do you want to be riding a subway now? I don't know, right? Do you want to
be taking a bus? Do you want to be ridesharing? I think this is a change that's going to echo for a while.
And we're seeing that in Beijing. Beijing snapped back in terms of traffic. I think people can see this. And
our anecdotal evidence about Shanghai is the same. So I think you're at least temporarily seeing people
say, "I don't want to get sick in here." So I think -- actually, vehicle ownership -- I mean, when you go
through that, you think -- I don't know if I want to be selling real estate in New York now or for the next --
for the future.

Operator

And we will take our next question from Gary Prestopino with Barrington.

Gary Frank Prestopino
Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division

Could you maybe tell us, and if you don't want to do that, that's fine, but what was the slide in sales over
the last 2 weeks of March across all your businesses on an aggregate basis?

Nicholas T. Pinchuk
Chairman, CEO & President

I'll tell you what. You be -- let me put it this way. Because it's you, Gary, I'll say, look, you can be
confident it was double digits, for sure. It was -- we were down single digits. We said we were up already.
We had a reasonable quarter in -- going, particularly in the Tools Group U.S. seemed pretty reasonable for
us. So there was a significant slide, but I don't think -- look, Gary, I don't think you can make a conclusion
of that because, remember, it's only a month. You got individual businesses and franchisees, who are
trying to figure out how to deal with this. So it's hard to make any conclusions about that -- those weeks,
I think. That's what we're thinking. It's going to play out in the future. Of course, we're going to live with
it longer, but I'm not sure those weeks are a good extrapolation for the future.

Gary Frank Prestopino
Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division

No. Okay. Like I said, I'm just trying to get an idea of the magnitude here. I mean...

Nicholas T. Pinchuk
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Like I actually told, yes.

Gary Frank Prestopino
Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division

If you look across your customer base really worldwide, I mean, how much of that do you still have access
to?

Nicholas T. Pinchuk
Chairman, CEO & President

Well, let's put it this way. I think in the Commercial & Industrial Group, if you're talking about the people
like the critical industry, generally, we have access. They have business. Some of those people are getting
hammered like oil and gas or some of the aerospace businesses are getting hammered. So businesses
are attenuated by other places. And so when we talk to our people, it's a mix. Some of them are calling
directly on the people. Some are dealing at a distance through social media or e-mail or things like that --
or phone calls. If you're talking about the franchisees, same kind of thing, it's a mix depending on where
you live and where you're at and the size of the dealership and their requirements.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

SNAP-ON INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

One of the things that's true is, generally, we're pretty sure that critical repairs are happening. If
somebody needs -- if somebody's got to check engine lines, they're bringing it in. If somebody's going
for oil changes, it doesn't seem like it's happening. So we can tell that. And so some of the businesses
that focus on that are a little less receptive to having people come in. If you're a transmission guy, you're
probably doing okay. And as such, our people go. It's quite a mix.

Gary Frank Prestopino
Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division

And then -- okay. And then lastly, could you maybe just go back to 2008, 2009? Obviously, every situation
is different, but we did have one hell of a recession at that period. What were the indicators to you that
the business was coming back? I mean, which segment started to really show significant, I guess, lack of
a better word, green shoots, and that you felt that, okay, the business is starting to come?

Nicholas T. Pinchuk
Chairman, CEO & President

It was a different deal, of course, but big-ticket items coming back was the big thing. Generally, it was
the attenuation of bad news for breakfast. I think people were getting scared by what they were being
told about the banking system. That was affecting it. So generally, it was big ticket in that situation
because people only were buying -- I remember talking about it incessantly. People were only buying short
payback items. And if you looked at that, when we -- recession, if you look at it, we came out of it. And
by the time you got to 2011, our trajectory was still a healthy double digits in profit growth, including a
recession.

Operator

We will take our next question from Bret Jordan with Jefferies.

Bret David Jordan
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

When you look at the service channel, I mean, independent volumes seem like they're down 30% to 50%
here in a pretty short period of time. I guess, you're looking at the credit book. And a lot of these guys are
getting paid on piecework. Do you think that in the short term, we're going to see delinquencies exceed
what you saw in '08, '09, just given the magnitude and the relatively quick speed of the shrink?

And then, I guess, a follow-up question. On franchisee health, I mean, obviously, you hear about a lot of
small businesses that didn't have the liquidity to go into this type of dramatic contraction in a short period
of time as well. I guess, are you doing much across the board? You talked about a couple of franchisees
that are doing particularly well, but if you think about average franchisee liquidity, are you going to
need to step in and help them a little bit in the second quarter, assuming volumes remain down pretty
dramatically?

Nicholas T. Pinchuk
Chairman, CEO & President

Well, I think -- first of all, I think the jury's out on the delinquency rates. I'm not so sure how it will
behave. You might remember that losses improved, went -- we didn't -- went up 100 basis points in the
recession last time. And delinquencies did go up. I think there is a question of the shock of this all that, I
think, there's going to be sort of like time lines that work its way through this situation, where people get
shocked and then figure it out and then deal with it for a while. I don't know what those time lines are.

In terms of helping our franchisees, like I said, it depends on the segment of the country. For example,
if you look at the northeast, the franchisees are a little more attenuated. If you look at places like the
central region or the North Central region, where we're living in, where we're sitting in now, it's not so
bad. Northwest seems to be coming back a little bit if you look at certain indicators. So we would look at
franchisee by franchisee. And then we would we talk about things like, well, loan extensions for them and
some help in terms of their position.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

SNAP-ON INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

And we did that in the past. We did it in Superstorm Sandy. We did it in Maria. We did it in Harvey. And
it all worked out very well for us because our business managers highlight those guys, who need help,
and we get out there and help them. And of course, there are government programs they can access to,
although I don't think it's that easy to do it these days. But in general, we've seen this movie before in a
more narrow way, Puerto Rico, in the East Coast and in the Houston area. And our actions around having
the business managers deal with the franchisees and help them, in some cases, giving them extensions or
deferrals has worked very well for us.

Operator

We will take our next question from Scott Stember with CL King.

Scott Lewis Stember
CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division

You talked about how big-ticket items such as storage held its own in the quarter, but could you just give
us your expectations? I know you don't really guide by month or quarter, but is it safe to assume that
we're going to start seeing some elevated declines in big-ticket items at least in April and May?

Nicholas T. Pinchuk
Chairman, CEO & President

What I'm trying to say, Scott, is -- sure. I think if you're going to -- if we're to lay bets now, I'd lay bets
that the second quarter is worse than last year. And I'd lay bets that we have more weeks of angst in
the second quarter than we had in the first quarter. The shape of that is what I don't know because I
don't know. I think there was a lot of experience. I think -- if you think about it in a practical sense, okay,
you've got guys who are working on essential. Everybody recognizes what we do is essential. Everybody
recognizes this. We're -- the Department of Homeland Security talked about automotive repair. And so
every state proclamation says that, but our people are worried about how they deal with the customers.
The customers are trying to figure out how they apply their essential trade, and our people are trying to
figure out a deal with them. And so it's hard to figure out how that's going to play out. I don't know. I'm
not sure.

But we see a lot of variation in our situation. Yes, big ticket. If you say, look, a recession creates angst,
and people are worried about uncertainty, big ticket tends to go down like it did in the last environment.
Because people say, "I don't want to -- I've got to hustle my own cash." But my suggestion is -- what's
going to happen eventually is people come out of the woodwork to get their cars repaired. It's one of the
first things that happens. And I don't know the time line for that. So that's why I'm being a little bit -- I
can't really predict so much about the second quarter, except that we're going to manage. I can't tell you
anything that you don't know really with these kinds of things.

Scott Lewis Stember
CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division

No, no, that's fair enough. And just maybe just give us a little bit more commentary on what you're
hearing from the van channel, what they're seeing at the repair shop level as far as the health, the
employment picture with their mechanics. And just -- and I know that we're -- might have driven -- been
off, obviously, a lot, but just the general commentary about what they're seeing as a repair company.

Nicholas T. Pinchuk
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Generally -- again, I'm sorry, it's like -- it's mixed. Some are sliding deeper. Some are flattening.
Some are getting better. That's what I hear. But I will tell you this. I think -- now if you look at the BLS
data, the BLS data says that the nominal spending of households on automotive repair in February year-
over-year was up 8% and change. So I would suggest that just like our franchisees, the garage has
entered it not bad shape. So I think the resilience is probably pretty good in this situation. So I don't --
some are probably -- some we know. Some are closed. Some are operating at reduced hours. Some are
going gangbusters. So it just depends, I think, in this situation. I can't say. I know that's not very helpful

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

SNAP-ON INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

to building a model or anything, but I can't really give you anything like that. I think the one piece of data
I do think is worthwhile is that both the nominal repairs -- the household spending and the technician
wages were up in February year-over-year. So I think they entered pretty good.

Scott Lewis Stember
CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Got it. And last question, just remind us what -- just going back to '08 through 2010, what the 60-day
delinquency numbers went up to from a percentage standpoint and the losses -- the total losses in the
portfolio on a trailing 12-month basis.

Nicholas T. Pinchuk
Chairman, CEO & President

I'll let Aldo answer that.

Aldo J. Pagliari
Senior VP of Finance & CFO

So Scott, I don't have the exact delinquency numbers in front of me, but they would be not so dissimilar
to what you're seeing today. But the losses went up about 100 basis points, as Nick had mentioned earlier
on the call. They hit a peak in a negative sense in Q4 of '09. And they've moved from around 3% over the
portfolio to around 4%, and then they declined back to below 3% until recent times. So I think it gives you
a range, I guess, or a feel for what it might be like.

Operator

We will take our next question from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.

Christopher D. Glynn
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

A lot's been asked, but just around the outlook lacking guidance, so I was curious what your sense is of
what among your 3 operating segments might see the biggest pain as you look at it. Should we use the
1Q magnitudes as a guide or...

Nicholas T. Pinchuk
Chairman, CEO & President

Look, I think I don't -- my own view is Europe is sick. It was weak going -- it was weak coming in here.
About 18% of our business in Europe, that's the big -- it's got a big doll up in C&I. And so that's probably
the place, I think, is going to be tougher. If you look at Spain and Italy, the people in Milan asked us to get
back in business in Italy because we were essential in that place. But I just think Europe's going to have a
tougher time coming out of this.

Asia, it's spreading through the -- I think China starts to come back. Japan, I think, is resilient. I think
Southeast Asia, I don't know. Indonesia seems to be sinking. Philippines seems to be in trouble, and India
has completely shut down. So I don't know about the Southern Asia. I think China and Korea and maybe
Japan start to excel. United States, you guys know as best as I do.

I kind of think, though, that in our business, our people will learn -- will adjust to this. The garages will
adjust, and it will kind of -- they'll be adapting to this, and we're going to help them. The question is, how
quickly does that happen? And we know it's going to be for more weeks in the second quarter. So I can't
give you much more guidance than that. But I think we're better off in the United States than Europe, for
sure.

Christopher D. Glynn
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

SNAP-ON INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Okay. And then I was just curious on the costs to manage supply chains, people, safety through the
COVID experience. What is that layer of cost like in terms of magnitude? Or what do you have to spend for
continuity?

Nicholas T. Pinchuk
Chairman, CEO & President

Well, I don't think it's so much about continuities. You have lower volumes, so you have more people on
the payroll and so on. I think the question is, what do you do about that as you go forward if the lower
volumes get smaller? I think I've said in many form that we're looking at this carefully. We have 2 sets
of what we call profit assurance actions. So we'll take actions depending on how long things go and so
on. But we're not going to take precipitous action based on a few weeks. We have, of course, done the
standard stuff like reduced travel and done other things. And I would expect that -- on the other hand,
working from home tends to be a little less efficient, I think. And so you have that floating. I don't think
we have a real number on the costs to clean and so on.

Generally, though, our cases, I'd say, knock on wood, seem to be stabilizing. So we seem to be in
reasonable shape in that area. So I don't think we have -- you can look at the first quarter, make any
conclusions about extrapolating those costs going forward because if it gets worse, we'll have to take
other actions to reduce our cost.

Operator

And we'll take our next question from Curtis Nagle with Bank of America.

Curtis Smyser Nagle
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

So just to -- so turning just quickly back to the Tools Group and the van franchise network. I guess, how
many -- of the 3,500 or so in the fleet, how many are like actually operating right now? Or are there any
that are mandated not to run because of social distancing and things like that?

Nicholas T. Pinchuk
Chairman, CEO & President

Look, we pretty much, by phone, talk to every franchisee every day. And I would say, a relatively small
number, pretty small number are not running. But there's gradations of that all the way up. We would
say a lion's share of them are operating on a relatively normal but attenuated activity because if they
spend an hour, they're not getting as much return from some of the people because maybe they're not
buying big-ticket items or it's taken longer to get the people or they have to set up an organization. And
in between there, there's a bunch of gradations. People might be working a small number, maybe working
partial shifts or partial days. Some people are not even taking out their trucks. They're putting their stuff
in the car, and they're driving around. Other people are spending half their day setting up appointments
and then going out. But the lion's share of the business and way over the majority is working as normal,
maybe not getting the returns as normal.

Now I'm not... when I say working as normal, I'm not saying they're rolling into every garage or anything
like that. Some garages they're going into. Other garages they're putting the stuff on the outside.
Other people are bringing them on the van one by one. We had a guy who had a customer van. Really,
he brought people on. He had food on the van, but he limited the number of people on. He enforced
distancing and had a great day.

Curtis Smyser Nagle
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Okay. Understood. And then kind of thinking about -- so, again, vehicle repairs is an essential service.
We'll get cars back on the road to some normalcy at some point. But I would think at least in the kind of
the short or maybe medium term, there might be some negative impact on repair demand just because
cars aren't being driven at the moment. Have you guys done any work trying to figure out, is that going to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

SNAP-ON INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

be the case? What's the tail end that can be a residual impact of the distancing, not just related to people
not taking it to the garage...

Nicholas T. Pinchuk
Chairman, CEO & President

Well, I think, look, I think -- like I said, I think a couple of things I can tell you. First of all, trucks are
being repaired. I'm out in 94 -- I-94 out here. It seems like there's as many trucks on I-94 as there ever
was. It kind of makes sense, right? People are getting deliveries, maybe more deliveries now than before.
So trucks are -- while they -- while I'm sure that truck shops, because of the lighter trucks, maybe are
attenuated, a lot of these trucks are still rolling. So I think that they're probably doing okay, continuing.

If you're talking about regular vehicles, like I said, I think our monitoring, and we get a pretty good
monitor of this, is that, generally, maintenance is drying up and repairs continuing at a somewhat reduced
rate, but still at a reasonable rate. I would expect that after this starts to play out, you're going to get a
rush on the garages with maintenance. There's going to be a snapback as maintenance tends to come like
death and taxes. You need to have your oil changed every once in a while. So that's going to happen.

Operator

And we will take our next question from David MacGregor with Longbow Research.

David Sutherland MacGregor
Longbow Research LLC

Just a couple of questions on credit. I guess, we've got mid-teens unemployment in this country. Small
businesses are on the ropes. The $500,000 provision seems a little light. I wonder also if you could just
discuss the key assumptions that were underlying that your provision decision, particularly in light of the
fact that you're calling the second half of March down double digits, which would have relatively negative
implications for what might happen in the second quarter. We'd love to understand some of the key
assumptions underlying that provision decision.

Aldo J. Pagliari
Senior VP of Finance & CFO

Well, sure. If you actually go, Dave, remember, we're making our accounting adjustments effective at the
end of the fiscal quarter. So that's March. So you have to keep that in mind as well. And performance off
the back of the van, performance for extended credit originations in general were pretty good. Yes, they
were stronger at the beginning of the month than they were at the end of the month, but the performance
was pretty good, and the performance of collection activity was pretty good. So it wasn't quite as good as
Q1 of last year, which we actually saw lower levels of provisions and charge-offs, but there was actually
a better performance than what you would have seen as a normal run rate. So we took that into account
when we increased the reserve.

And then on top of it, we have to take a forward look under CECL. This gets to be a little bit more
judgmental, certainly, because we pressure test the portfolio in a variety of circumstances of preparing
for CECL's adoption. And actually, there's not any single variable that correlates so perfectly with it. So
we look at a myriad of different things, and we have to apply some judgment. Having said all of that, we
came to a conclusion that we thought it was appropriate to increase the reserve by about $2.6 million.
I'd say it's more specifically for the forward look. So it's not like it was nothing. I just mentioned the
$500,000 just in reference to the sequential movement. But the CECL adjustment actually within the
quarter was about $2.6 million. And if you look at the level of reserves at the end of March as compared at
the end of December, actually, you're up 15% in total. So it's not like it's nothing.

David Sutherland MacGregor
Longbow Research LLC

Right. I guess, just further on the credit. I didn't hear any mention in your prepared remarks about the
90-day payment deferral plan that began in March. And we saw a rather parabolic upturn in UCC filings.
And I'm guessing, although it would be nice to have you confirm it one way or the other, if this was just

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

SNAP-ON INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

technicians refinancing and franchisees rolling their RA balances into EC. But can you just -- I guess,
under this 90-day deferral plan, how much forbearance has been granted at this point to end customers
and franchisees?

Aldo J. Pagliari
Senior VP of Finance & CFO

Well, people are thinking it's -- first off, the -- it's early days. It was launched on March 23. We have had
programs like this before. So if timing is even better with the advent of CECL, you can look at this -- not at
CECL, but the COVID-19. So you can look at this as a form of being able to help customers out. But we've
done programs like this in the past. So it's not like it's something radical in any way, shape or form. So
we'll see what the uptake is. But as of the end of March, it was only in the field for about less than 7 days,
I guess, given our fiscal cutoff, I think, was March 29. So you have that.

Now you have a separate program where we grant forbearance or can allow extensions to certain people.
That's on a case-by-case basis, is for a limited number of weeks. We try to work -- one thing that Snap-
on is it's personal. And that's not a bad word. Some people shy away from the word personal these days
with the pandemic, but we're pretty intimate with our customers. And we know our customers, both our
franchisees, and they know their end mechanics. And we have to reach out and help them, but it was a
relatively small percent. I think it will increase going into Q2. But, geez, I think at the end of the quarter,
it might have been less than 5% of people had asked for some type of forbearance, if you want to use that
word.

David Sutherland MacGregor
Longbow Research LLC

Right. And so does -- the originations growth of 1.2%, does that include refinancings of EC and revolving
cap balances? And if so, can you say what originations growth might have been based purely on purchases
and merchandise unrelated to the deferred payment offer?

Aldo J. Pagliari
Senior VP of Finance & CFO

The way we measure originations is the same each and every quarter. It doesn't change because of what's
going on. So extended credit can include both add-ons as well as sale of brand-new products. But to
be able to do so, customers have to be in good standing. So in other words, if you want to add on to a
contract, you have to be a customer that, one, has additional credit capacity. So we measure people's
credit limits in that regard. And then it's got to be a minimum dollar sale in addition, which is typically, I
think, $300 and up. If I remember the cutoffs, usually, it's more dollars than that, but it has to be at least
$300. And that's one of the determinants as to when people add on and add on to a contract they already
have in place.

David Sutherland MacGregor
Longbow Research LLC

Great. Finally, you mentioned you've got $300 million left on your share repurchase authorization
program. I guess with the stock haven't been sold off here rather hard, what would be your plans? Or how
would you think about capital allocation here and maybe the priority of share repurchase operations within
that?

Aldo J. Pagliari
Senior VP of Finance & CFO

Well, first and foremost, we want to support the ongoing operations. I think that's kind of obvious. You're
in a mode here where I think people will be careful with their cash. I think no one has perfect visibility
when you look forward. So the forecast with precision is not easy in normal times, let alone rockier times.
So you're going to want to keep an eye on cash inflows and, of course, cash outflows. And one of the more
discretionary items actually would be share repurchase.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

SNAP-ON INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

So when you look at share repurchase, I would put that on the list of one of the more discretionary items.
So first and foremost, I'd look at what's the cash position of the corporation? And how does that fit into
the equation? I thought that Snap-on was a great bargain at $150 per share. It's even a better bargain
today. Does that mean I can't buy it at a lower price tomorrow? I just don't know with certainty. So again,
we have to apply judgment.

Operator

And at this time, I would like to turn the conference back to Sara Verbsky for any additional or closing
remarks.

Sara M. Verbsky
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you all for joining us today. A replay of this call will be available shortly on snapon.com. As always,
we appreciate your interest in Snap-on. Good day.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call, and we thank you for your participation. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

SNAP-ON INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

