S&P Global Inc. NYSE:SPGI
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, April 28, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.32

2.73

Revenue  (mm)

1671.70

1786.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-27-2020 11:33 AM GMT

17.67

6.84

2.37

9.77

11.02

1649.26

6790.29

7343.81

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.28

2.34

2.42

2.32

2.43

2.46

2.53

2.73

6.58 %

5.13 %

4.55 %

17.67 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

13

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive
Director

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Robert S. Merritt
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Craig Anthony Huber
Huber Research Partners, LLC

Hamzah Mazari
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Jeffrey Marc Silber
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Trevor Romeo
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Y. Cho
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to S&P Global's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. I'd like to
inform you this call is being recorded for broadcast. [Operator Instructions] To access the webcast and
slides, go to investor.spglobal.com. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to introduce Mr. Chip Merritt, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations for S&P Global.
Sir, you may begin.

Robert S. Merritt
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you for joining us today for S&P Global's First Quarter Earnings Call. Presenting on today's call are
Doug Peterson, President and CEO; and Ewout Steenbergen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer.

As you expect, we are calling remotely instead of hosting this call together from our headquarters. If you
notice any delays, we thank you for your understanding.

We issued a news release with our first quarter 2020 results earlier today. If you need a copy of the
release and financial schedules, they can be downloaded at investor.spglobal.com.

In today's earnings release and during the conference call, we're providing adjusted financial information.
This information is provided to enable investors to make meaningful comparisons of the corporation's
operating performance between periods and to view the corporation's business from the same perspective
as management's. This earnings release contains exhibits that reconcile the difference between the non-
GAAP measures and the comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP.

Before we begin, I need to provide certain cautionary remarks about forward-looking statements.
Except for historical information, the matters discussed in the teleconference may contain forward-
looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including
projections, estimates and descriptions of future events. Any such statements, especially those relating to
our outlook and associated scenarios regarding the impact of COVID-19 pandemic, are based on current
expectations and current economic conditions and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause
actual results to differ materially from results anticipated in these forward-looking statements. In this
regard, we direct listeners to the cautionary statements contained in our Form 10-Ks, 10-Qs and other
periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

I would also like to call your attention to European regulation. Any investor who has or expects to obtain
ownership of 5% or more of S&P Global should give me a call to better understand the impact of this
legislation on the investor and potentially the company.

We're aware that we do have some media representatives with us on this call. However, this call is
intended for investors, and we would ask that questions from the media be directed to Dave Guarino at
(212) 438-1471.

At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Doug Peterson. Doug?

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Thank you, Chip. Good morning, and welcome to today's earnings call. I hope everyone has adjusted to
your new working environment and is staying healthy and safe. The world is a completely different place
than we have ever seen before. I want to start by acknowledging that this is a very challenging time for
all of us, and our thoughts are with those most impacted by COVID-19. I want to especially thank first
responders and essential employees who are on the front lines of the crisis.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Today, I'd like to share with you what we are doing at S&P Global to support our employees and serve
the market, our communities and our customers in this unprecedented and uncertain time. We're very
proud of how quickly we've been able to move to remote work-from-home environment, and I'll share
some of those examples with you today. We will also share with you how our company's financials could be
impacted for the remainder of the year under a variety of scenarios.

We are pleased to report strong first quarter financial results. Revenue increased 14% and adjusted
diluted EPS increased 29%. We have a solid balance sheet and ample liquidity. We have spent a great deal
of time positioning for an event like COVID-19 by enabling nearly all our employees to seamlessly work
remotely. Putting our people first and keeping them safe and healthy informs all our decisions.

We continue to actively engage with clients, regulators and governments, providing data, analytics, ratings
and research in a timely and transparent manner. We are very pleased that we've been able to deliver
uninterrupted product access across our businesses throughout the entire transition to our employees
working from home.

It's in uncertain times like these that our data, analytics, ratings and research are most important to our
customers. Usage of many of our products have surged since early March. While none of our businesses
are consumer-facing, our businesses are impacted by the health of both our corporate customers as well
as the financial and commodity market. The health of many of our customers will be tested as the year
progresses. Nevertheless, we believe that it's essential to continue to advance our growth investment and
ongoing cost-reduction programs.

We are proactively analyzing the impact of the pandemic on our businesses and the management actions
we need to take. Ewout will review these in a moment.

In response to COVID-19, we start with our employees. In putting our People First, we were an early
adopter of work-from-home policies and travel restriction. We also retained a dedicated Chief Medical
Officer as a consultant, increased mental and emotional health services and even began shipping meals to
employees in India who are unable to secure them on their own.

As of now, it's not our intention to furlough or lay off employees because of COVID-19. We'll obviously
evaluate that as scenarios play out. We're successfully operating with over 99% of our employees working
from home. We shipped over 3,000 desktops to those employees' homes who did not have company
laptops, provided significant technical support and expanded our VPN to accommodate a sixfold increase in
usage.

We have also reached out to help our communities. We've introduced a free COVID-19 website so that
anyone can access our special research. We have provided complementary access to Panjiva's supply
chain information to hospitals to track essential items. And we've donated 100,000 medical-grade face
masks to first responders in various parts of the world. And the S&P Global Foundation has donated $4
million to support small businesses and other COVID-19 relief efforts.

Interactions with governments and regulators are also critical in times of market strain. We've had over 40
COVID-19-related interactions with roughly 20 different regulators, discussing our views of markets and
economic condition. We have engaged with countless state and local governments, public health officials
and universities to provide free access to various data platforms with supply chain and credit market
information and engaged with central banks to discuss credit market conditions and emergency lending
facilities.

We're acutely aware that our clients are facing challenges of working in new ways. It's been imperative
that we continue to serve them during these difficult times.

In Ratings, we've been deploying technologies which have helped ensure continuity of surveillance and
facilitated the issuance over 2,000 new ratings in the quarter. And since the beginning of the year, we
have taken over 1,300 negative rating actions, which included rating downgrades, credit watch changes
and outlook revision.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

In Market Intelligence, our global operations centers remain fully operational, and we've delivered
uninterrupted availability across our product suite. In fact, we have 90%-plus productivity in all core data
and tech operations, which based on survey information for locations in India, is best in class.

Platts' Market-on-Close process saw our teams from around the world step up to maintain accurate and
timely price reporting despite our employees working from home.

Indices' real-time systems have maintained 100% uptime as it calculated critical market indicators, such
as the S&P 500 and the Dow Jones Industrial Average, all under incredibly volatile market conditions.

We continue to serve the markets with research and analytics. Depicted on the right are examples of
some of the many research papers we have made available. Much of this content is available from our
free COVID-19 website I mentioned. I would highly recommend you visit the site. We've created deep
content analysis covering the financial and commodity markets. We have seen a significant increase in
engagement with our insights through webinars and digital/online offerings. You can see some of the
usage statistics on this slide.

We have endured economic downturns in the past, most notably the recent financial crisis in 2008. This
chart depicts our revenue for the past 15 years. We included SNL data for the entire period, even though
we didn't purchase it until 2015. We'll also note a jump in revenue in Indices in 2013 from the addition of
Dow Jones Indices as part of the formation of the S&P Dow Jones Indices joint venture.

Any year that is declining revenue is depicted in dark blue. The most notable takeaway is that there were
no revenue declines in any of the businesses except Ratings. And as a reminder, the vast majority of
the decline in Ratings revenue in 2008 was related to structured finance in U.S. RBS in particular. While
these may be interesting data points, we're not suggesting that the current pandemic-related economic
downturn will have the same impact on revenue and performance as in past downturns because the
circumstances around the global pandemic are new for all of us.

Despite our resilience and financial strength, we're not immune to structural risks arising from COVID-19.
These include risks to the macroeconomic environment, to bond and credit markets, to equity markets and
to oil markets. We could see low volumes in bond issuance, weak new sales and renewals for subscription
and data product or further drops in AUMs amongst the many risks that could arise. We're staying close to
the trends. The longer the pandemic continues, the greater the risks.

Now turning to the first quarter results. All 4 divisions delivered revenue and adjusted operating profit
growth. We delivered significant margin improvement as revenue growth and productivity initiatives offset
stepped-up investment spending associated with our growth initiatives. Our adjusted diluted EPS grew
29% in the quarter. We think that it's important to continue to invest in growth initiatives, such as ESG,
China and marketplace, despite economic uncertainty as these projects are important elements of our
future growth. We also launched several new products during the quarter, which I'll review with you in a
moment.

And we named Dan Draper CEO of S&P Dow Jones Indices, replacing Alex Matturri effective mid-June. Alex
has been the anchor of our Indices business for the past 12 years. His industry knowledge is unparalleled
and he has been instrumental in overseeing Indices' transformation into the growing and leading global
index provider it is today. Dan joins us from Invesco Distributors where he served as the company's
Managing Director and Global Head of Exchange-Traded Funds.

To recap the financial results for the first quarter, revenue increased 14% to almost $1.8 billion. Our
adjusted operating profit increased 28%. And our adjusted operating profit margin increased 580 basis
points to 53.1%. As you know, we measure and track adjusted margin on a trailing 4-quarter basis,
which increased 260 basis points to 51.5%. In addition, we reduced shares outstanding by 2%, which
contributed to the 29% increase in adjusted diluted EPS.

Each quarter, we highlight a few key drivers to our business and important projects underway. This
quarter, let's start with Ratings' issuance trend. During the first quarter, global bond issuance increased
11% with mixed performance from various geographies and asset classes. We also include bank loan
ratings volume, total global issuance increased 10%. What's striking was how issuance unfolded with

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

very strong high-yield issuance for the first 7 weeks, a 2-week lull and then a surge in liquidity-driven
investment-grade issuance after the Federal Reserve initiated several credit facilities to support the
economy and companies across industries enhance their cash positions.

In the U.S., bond issuance in aggregate increased 34% as investment-grade increased 54%, high-yield
increased 9%, public finance increased 12%, while structured finance increased 16% with gains in CLOs,
CMBS and RMBS, partially offset by a decrease in ABS volume.

European bond issuance decreased 14% as investment grade decreased 17%, high-yield increased 20%
and structured finance decreased 20% due to declines in covered bonds and CLOs, partially offset by gains
in RMBS and ABS.

In Asia, bond issuance increased 6% overall. During the quarter, Ratings issued 5 new domestic ratings in
China. Despite working from home, our commercial team actively interacted with issuers, investors and
intermediaries via phone and other digital media. The pipeline of prospects continues to progress.

Bank loan rating activity is not captured in issuance data. However, since it is an important element of
Ratings revenue, we like to disclose this bank loan rating revenue each quarter. And the first quarter
increased 31% over the prior period to $87 million.

During the quarter, we had some new product launches I want to share with you on this slide. The Platts
platform was launched in March. It's a digital environment that delivers real-time information wherever,
whenever and however the user needs it. It consolidates content from companies like BENTEK and PIRA
that we have acquired over the years into one location. We already have 130 corporate customers actively
using the Platts platform, and the mobile app has been downloaded 1,300 times.

Platts Market-on-Close is the process market reporters use to assess prices for crude oil, petroleum
products and related swaps. Platts has been working with Kensho to accelerate the assessment process
and improve efficiencies for Platts pricing reporters while adding analytical value for our customers. The
first-ever Kensho-powered price assessment went live to the Platts production database this quarter.

ICE has launched a new version of its market data platform, ICE Connect, which is designed specifically for
participants in the global oil market. Providing our data onto this site is a way for us to further monetize a
rich body existing oil analytics asset.

Indices launched the S&P GSCI Carbon Emission Allowance index. The new index, which is the first of
its kind, provides investors with a reliable and publicly available investment performance benchmark
for European Carbon Emission Allowances and is an expansion of the single commodity series of indices
based on the S&P GSCI. Finally, we launched the Market Intelligence Marketplace. Ewout will discuss in a
moment.

I want to give you a brief update on our efforts to continue to strengthen our footprint in the ESG
marketplace. While there are numerous items on this slide, I'll just highlight a few. In Ratings, we've had
65 ESG evaluations that have been completed or in process. This is a combination of both published and
private evaluation. There is a considerable appetite for companies to get an independent, forward-looking,
qualitative and data-driven assessment of an entity's ESG performance and preparedness for future risks
and opportunities. We have largely completed the integration of the ESG Ratings business of RobecoSAM
into our Ratings business. This has brought an outstanding addition of talent, experience and expertise.
I'm really pleased with the progress.

We recently entered into ESG ETF partnership with BlackRock to enable them to create sustainable
investing options for U.S. equities based on our indices. And Platts recently expanded its suite of daily
hydrogen price assessment to meet the needs of the marketplace and the growing interest in independent
price references as the energy sector seeks to understand the dynamics of a clean energy future.

Next, I'd like to provide additional information about our evolving outlook for 2020. The longest U.S.
economic expansion on record has ended with another record, the sharpest contraction in economic
activity since World War II where COVID-19 has restricted the movement of more than 90% of the U.S.
population. Our economists have recently updated the global GDP forecast in light of the rapidly advancing

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

global pandemic and declining and volatile oil prices. They now expect global GDP to decline 2.4% in
2020. They note that the balance of risk remains on the downside as much can change on the health,
economic and policy fronts.

We have compiled forecasts and analysis from our economic, credit, oil and other specialists across S&P
Global. You can see key drivers of the economy and our business include: S&P 500 level, unemployment,
issuance, defaults and oil prices. This includes a forecasted drop in U.S. real GDP of about 35% in the
second quarter. We've used these forecasts to inform the financial scenarios that Ewout will discuss in a
moment.

In closing, these are trying times for everyone. I can only say that we have a resilient collection of
businesses, and I'm proud and grateful to work with a group of exceptionally talented employees who,
while supporting each other, are helping to navigate rapidly changing societal and economic landscapes.

And now I'd like to turn the call over to Ewout Steenbergen who is going to provide additional insights into
our financial performance and outlook. Ewout?

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Doug, and good morning to all of you on the call. Let me start with our first quarter financial
results. Doug covered the highlights of strong revenue and adjusted earnings per share growth. I will take
a moment to cover a few other items.

While some of the segments have a difference between reported and organic revenue growth, in
aggregate, they are the same, 14%. Adjusted operating profit margin improved 580 basis points based
on strong revenue growth and ongoing productivity programs, partially offset by the impact of increased
investment in growth initiatives. Stock-based compensation activity resulted in a tax benefit of $0.04
during the quarter, down from $0.07 in the first quarter of 2019. Share repurchases resulted in a 2%
decline in our diluted weighted average shares outstanding. In February, we initiated a $1 billion ASR and
a springing 10b5-1 stock purchase plan for up to $100 million.

During the quarter, changes in foreign exchange rates had a positive impact on adjusted EPS of $0.06.
The only meaningful impact was in Ratings, where revenue was negatively impacted by $5 million, and
adjusted operating profit was positively impacted by $11 million.

There were 4 non-GAAP adjustments this quarter that collectively generated a pretax loss of $36 million:
$9 million in restructuring charges in corporate and Market Intelligence, $7 million in gains from the
disposition of an IR web-hosting business in Market Intelligence, $5 million for Kensho retention-related
expenses and $29 million in deal-related amortization.

This quarter, all 4 divisions delivered revenue growth, with Ratings and Indices delivering double-digit
gains. On a trailing 4-quarter basis, adjusted operating profit margin increased for all divisions except
Market Intelligence where a large portion of our investment spending is taking place. I'll provide color on
the individual business results in a moment.

Now turning to the balance sheet. Our balance sheet has low leverage and ample liquidity. We have cash
and cash equivalents of $2 billion, an undrawn revolver capacity of $1.2 billion and no commercial paper
outstanding. We also generate considerable free cash flow with cash flow conversion of 75% in 2019. The
first quarter is generally our weakest free cash flow quarter of the year due to the payout of our annual
incentive compensation.

Depicted on the bottom of the slide is our debt maturity profile. As you can see, we do not have any debt
due until 2025, and the amounts are relatively evenly distributed.

Looking more closely at the figures. Our cash and cash equivalents declined by about $900 million from
the end of the fourth quarter due primarily to funding of the $1 billion ASR. And our adjusted gross debt
to adjusted EBITDA declined slightly. Free cash flow, excluding certain items, reached $618 million in the
first quarter of this year, an increase of $312 million over the prior year period. Share repurchases totaled

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

$1.15 billion in the first quarter through open-market repurchase of $150 million and an ASR that was
initiated in February. In addition, $161 million of dividends were paid during the quarter.

In these unprecedented times, notwithstanding the strength of our balance sheet and strong cash flow,
our Board has determined at this time that it is prudent that the company not initiate any new share
repurchase program following the conclusion of our current repurchase programs in July. With respect
to the remainder of this year because the company initiated a $1 billion ASR program in February, we
still anticipate achieving close to our 75% return of capital target to shareholders in 2020. The Board
anticipates no changes to our existing dividend guidance.

Now let's turn to the division results. You will notice that in each of the businesses, we're reporting March
revenue. Monthly revenue will not be an ongoing disclosure, but because of the dramatic change in the
economic environment, we thought that you might find it useful. I would caution, though, that individual
monthly revenue has little variability in subscription businesses like Market Intelligence and Platts. In fact,
we anticipate that, depending on the duration of the downturn, 2021 will likely be a more challenging year
for these 2 businesses than 2020.

Ratings revenue increased 19%. And excluding the acquisition of the ESG Ratings business from
RobecoSAM and CRISIL's acquisition of Greenwich Associates, organic revenue increased 18%. This
revenue growth was driven by the increase in issuance that Doug already discussed. The impact from
COVID-19 and the collapse in oil prices resulted in a temporary halt to the high-yield market and a surge
of liquidity-driven investment-grade issuance.

Adjusted expenses declined 7%. Excluding changes in foreign exchange rates, expenses declined 2%,
primarily due to the in-sourcing of IT resources that we discussed last quarter and reduced T&E expenses
from the travel freeze. This resulted in a 41% increase in adjusted segment operating profit and a 1,010
basis point increase in adjusted segment operating profit margin. On a trailing 4-quarter basis, adjusted
segment operating profit margin increased 400 basis points to 60.2%.

Non-transaction revenue increased 6%, primarily due to fees associated with surveillance and Rating
Evaluation Service. Transaction revenue increased 33% due to very strong bonds rating activity,
particularly in U.S. corporates, and increased bank loan rating activity.

This slide depicts Ratings revenue by its end markets. The largest contributor to the increase in Ratings
revenue was a 23% increase in corporates. In addition, financial services revenue increased 13%,
structured finance increased 23%, governments increased 16% and the CRISIL and other category
increased 3%. On the right side of the slide, you can see the changes in revenue within structured
products. Most notable is the increase in structured credit that is primarily made up of CLOs. This was
driven by a 37% increase in U.S. CLO issuance.

Investors frequently ask what the primary use of proceeds is for corporate bond issuance. This chart
depicts the reasons U.S. investment-grade issuers have cited for their issuance. The light blue and dark
blue are for general corporate purposes and refinancing. These are routine. Share repurchases, dividends
and M&A represent a minority of issuance. These are the same for high yield. Once again, general
corporate purposes and refinancing make up the majority of issuance.

Turning to S&P Dow Jones Indices. The segment delivered 20% revenue growth with gains in each
category. The impact from COVID-19 and the collapse in oil prices resulted in large decrease in AUM and a
meaningful increase in exchange-traded derivative activity. In the first quarter, we reported 16% adjusted
expense growth primarily due to a $4 million catch-up charge on past royalties, higher royalties driven by
increased partner activity and additional headcount, 21% adjusted segment operating profit growth and
an adjusted segment operating profit margin of 70.6%, an increase of 90 basis points. On a trailing 4-
quarter basis, the adjusted segment operating profit margin increased 170 basis points to 69.7%.

Revenue in the various categories was up during the quarter. Asset-linked fees increased 11% due to AUM
growth in ETF. Exchange-traded derivative revenue increased 59% on growth in trading volumes. Data &
Custom subscriptions increased 15% due to a catch-up in real-time customer reporting and ACV growth.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

For our Indices division, over the past year, ETF net inflows were $101 billion, and market declines were
$215 billion. This resulted in quarter-ending ETF AUM of $1.3 trillion, which is 8% lower compared to 1
year ago. It's interesting to note that inflows into ETFs linked to our indices continued in a down market.
This occurred during the most recent annual market declines in 2015 and 2018 as well.

I want to make a clear distinction between average AUM and quarter-ending AUM. Our revenue is based
on average AUM, which increased 17% year-over-year. We disclose quarter-ending figures because flows
and market gains and losses are best depicted using quarter-end figures, as shown in the waterfall chart
on the right. With first quarter ending AUM of $1.3 trillion and second quarter 2019 average AUM of EUR
1.5 trillion, we could experience a reduction in ETF-related revenue in the second quarter unless U.S.
equity markets continue to recover.

Sequentially versus the fourth quarter of 2019, ETF net inflows associated with our indices totaled $31
billion while market declines totaled $387 billion. Industry inflows into exchange-traded funds were $110
billion in the first quarter. The category with the largest gains was commodities and other. Flows into U.S.
equity funds were $39 billion.

This was an excellent quarter for exchange-traded derivatives volume, with key indicators generally
exhibiting large increases in volume. S&P 500 Index options activity increased 37%, VIX futures and
options activity increased 51% and activity at the CME equity complex increased 106%. Part of the gain at
the CME was due to the successful launch of the Micro E-mini S&P 500 Futures. Excluding this product, the
volumes at the CME equity complex increased 60%.

Market Intelligence delivered reported revenue growth of 8% and organic growth of 7%. The impact from
COVID-19 and the collapse in oil prices had a negligible impact on first quarter revenue. However going
forward, it will impact the new sales of certain products like data feeds because implementations are much
easier with physical presence. Also, in an economic downturn, renewals become more difficult as some
customers' financial health deteriorates.

Adjusted expenses increased 9% due to increased investment spending for Data Marketplace, China and
SME initiatives. Adjusted segment operating profit increased 5%, and the adjusted segment operating
profit margin decreased 80 basis points to 30.9%. On a trailing 4-quarter basis, adjusted segment
operating profit margin declined 100 basis points to 31.9%.

Desktop revenue grew 4%, excluding acquisitions and divestments, while active Desktop users grew 8%.
Data Management Solutions and Credit Risk Solutions continue to exhibit strong growth, each gaining
10%.

One of the most exciting events in Market Intelligence this quarter was the launch of Marketplace. This
new product allows our customers to access fundamental and alternative data sets and to seamlessly link
data from different datasets. The product is accessible at marketplace.spglobal.com.

And now turning to Platts. Steady revenue growth continued at Platts, increasing 4%. On an organic basis,
adjusting for the sale of RigData, revenue increased 5%. The impact from COVID-19 and the collapse
in oil prices resulted in an increase in Global Trading Services during the first quarter. GTS increased
18% due mainly to increased trading volumes in LNG and iron ore. Platts delivered a 5% increase in
core subscriptions with 4% in price reporting and 13% in analytics. U.S. sanctions on Iran and Venezuela
impacted revenue by about $2 million in the quarter. Adjusted expenses decreased 2%, leading to an
adjusted segment operating profit margin of 52.9%, an improvement of 320 basis points. The trailing 4-
quarter adjusted segment operating profit margin increased 200 basis points to 53.2%.

Power and gas delivered the largest rate of growth at 12% as our JKM Marker for LNG continues to drive
both subscription and GTS activity. Petrochemicals grew 4% due mostly to growth in subscriptions. Metals
and ag grew 11% due to increased iron ore derivative trading activity. Petroleum revenue increased
4%. On our first quarter earnings call last year, we discussed the launch of our low-sulfur marine fuel
assessments. We're pleased to report that we have become the benchmark as our price is now being
widely adopted.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

As we turn to the balance of the year, we're carefully managing the financial impact of the economic
slowdown on our results. We have a number of management actions that are within our control. We
have initiated a global hiring freeze with minimal exceptions. Travel and entertainment expenses have
been frozen. Since we'll be hosting and attending fewer events, advertising and promotional spend will
be reduced. There will be a reduction in the use of professional services. Incentive compensation and
commissions are variable in nature and determined by our results. And we introduced a $100 million
3-year cost-reduction program at our Investor Day in May of 2018. We're now on track to achieve
approximately $120 million in run rate savings by the end of 2020, an increase of $35 million over the end
of 2019. What we're not going to do is stop investing in the business. As Doug mentioned earlier, it's very
important to continue our $150 million investment in 2020 growth programs. These will largely continue
with few modest adjustments.

There are some expenses that will increase due to COVID-19. They include the expenses necessary to set
up all our employees to be able to securely work from home and an increase in bad debt provisions, which
will depend on how long the pandemic and low oil prices persist.

As we think about the uncertainty that lies ahead, we have developed 3 scenarios with different time
frames for when the economy will begin to recover. The macro and market assumptions of the scenarios
are outlined on this slide. We view these as the key metrics which will impact revenue in various parts of
our company. As Doug referenced earlier, we have compiled forecasts from across our economic, credit, oil
and other market specialists across S&P Global. Many of the inputs for these scenarios can be found in our
divisional research and analytical platforms and are sourced accordingly.

In addition, there are 2 items that we are providing at this time to give additional color for the scenarios.
The first is billed issuance growth. In the baseline, the 9.9% decline in global issuance relates to market
issuance in all sectors and issuance types except for international public finance. Our billed issuance
forecast eliminates categories that are not major drivers of revenue for the company, such as China
domestic, medium-term notes and issuance that is not rated by us. In the baseline, global billed issuance
is forecast to decline mid-single digits.

The second is on exchange-traded derivative volume growth. The baseline of approximately 30% assumes
elevated levels in the first half of this year, followed by mid-single-digit increases in the second half. While
we're not predicting when the pandemic will end, we're using the late third quarter recovery scenario as
our baseline and the basis for our new guidance. We think that it is important for our investors that we
make a good faith attempt to provide appropriately framed forward-looking information.

This slide attempts to outline the financial sensitivities to the company under the various scenarios. You
can see that we depict the impact to revenue for each of the segments as well as potential expense
savings from management actions and a few other items. With this modeling, we arrive at a baseline
scenario, adjusted diluted EPS guidance of $9.95 to $10.15.

This slide depicts the scenarios with the typical guidance line items that we normally disclose. The baseline
column is our new 2020 GAAP guidance, and this slide depicts our adjusted figures. The baseline column is
our new 2020 adjusted guidance.

Now let me review our new adjusted guidance. We lowered our revenue guidance to a low single-digit
increase. Corporate unallocated expense has been reduced by $35 million due to management actions.
Operating profit margin is unchanged as management actions have offset the impact from lower revenue
growth. Interest expense net includes both interest income and interest expense. It has been increased by
$15 million due to lower interest income on our cash balances. Tax rate has been reduced by 0.5 percent
point due to favorable developments with various tax audits. These items result in a new adjusted diluted
EPS guidance range of $9.95 to $10.15. Our expectations for free cash flow are a range of $2.4 billion to
$2.5 billion.

In conclusion, we delivered a strong start to the year with our first quarter results, but we recognize that
the world is changing dramatically. Heading into this uncertainty, we have a solid balance sheet and ample
liquidity. Our disciplined approach over the past few years with respect to productivity programs, operating
leverage, process automation and other initiatives have further improved our financial strength. While

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

we can't be sure about the length or depth of the economic downturn, we'll continue to actively monitor
the macroeconomic environment, further evolve our scenario planning and take proactive management
decisions in the best interest of our employees, shareholders, customers and other relevant stakeholders.

With that, let me turn the call back over to Chip for your questions.

Robert S. Merritt
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you. Just a couple of instructions for our phone participants. [Operator Instructions]
Operator, we'll now take our first question.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

The first question comes from Michael Cho with JPMorgan.

Y. Cho
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I certainly appreciate all the detail around the 2020 outlook scenarios. I guess I'll just start there. My first
question is around Ratings revenues. When I look at the base case scenario of the $270 million COVID-19
impact for Ratings, is there any of that included in the first quarter? And just given the strength of first
quarter Ratings revenue, I mean, how can we frame the primary sources of that revenue headwind for
Ratings?

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Michael, this is Doug. Let me take that question. First of all, welcome to the call. I hope everybody is safe,
as I said at the beginning of the call, and finding ways to be able to work from home. So when we look
at the full year issuance, as you know, we had a very, very strong first quarter. April has also had some
interesting trends, especially when it comes to investment-grade issuance and some high yield of the
companies that had just recently been downgraded. When we look at the full year, we take into account a
whole series of factors. As you saw on Slide 20, we gave you some of the information about the forecast
that our Chief Economist for the U.S. has looked at for the U.S. market as well as other markets around
the world. We think that the GDP is the main driver of issuance in the long run.

And we see a lot of headwinds. We see -- we ask the question, is there going to be major capital
expenditures? Is there going to be major M&A taking place? Is there going to be business expansion? Are
people going to be financing dividends? Are they going to be financing share repurchases? Will there be
structured finance business? What's going to happen with the leveraged loan market and the CLO market?
So based on taking a look at all of those different markets under what we believe are going to be stressed
scenarios, we have lowered our different forecasts for the rest of the year of issuance. And that's what you
see flowing through in these different scenarios, which Ewout just went through.

Y. Cho
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. Great. That's great color. Just for my second question, just more on Market Intelligence and Platts
specifically. I mean when you talk about economic disruptions impacting the end markets, I mean, just
outside of fewer companies, I mean, can you talk through the nuances of how subscription renewals would
impact revenue growth?

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes. Michael, let me take that one as well. So when we look at the subscription businesses, of course, one
of the advantages of subscription businesses is that they've got some steadiness to their performance.
And you can see the top line growth very steady. And you saw this quarter and through the rest of the
year, a more steady approach to those businesses. But at the same time, when you think about some of
the stress that the clients are going under right now, as an example, in Platts, you're going to see both the
oil side, the oil producers, the oil and gas producers as well as many of the users, companies like airlines,
et cetera, are also under a lot of stress. And so we think that the sales cycle is lengthening in Platts, in
particular. There's customers that are already under stress that are approaching us to see if there's ways
we can negotiate throughout the year as we look at their contracts, renewals, et cetera.

In Market Intelligence, we haven't seen as much of the customers coming to us to start ask about
considerations on the contracts, but we're expecting it. They also have a lot of corporate customers. They

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

do have oil and gas customers. We have financial institutions customers. And so we're expecting that
throughout the year, there could be interaction with the customers that could lead to slower sales to lower
renewals. It could flow into later periods this year. It could flow into next year.

In addition, selling by the phone, selling remotely is not as easy. Renewals is not as easy. We also have
some types of products which require training or installations, and those are also much harder to do when
we're working in this kind of work-from-home environment. But we're very pleased with the performance
last quarter. These are strong businesses. We've seen very strong increase in the usage of both Platts
and MI over the last few weeks as people are working from home. And they're also looking for knowledge
about what they see happening in the markets.

But anyway, back to the -- your core question, we do think that there's going to be some slowdown in
sales and renewals. It's a longer cycle, and we expect that to flow through the rest of the year.

Operator

Next question comes from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley.

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Congrats on the strong quarter and glad to hear you're all safe. I wanted to ask a follow-up on issuance.
On IG, very strong quarter and very strong start to April. I just wanted to understand if you think that
there's any sort of pull-forward as companies look to gain liquidity right now and sort of how you see IG
strength going forward. And also just from the ratings that we've seen from -- the impact we've seen in
the Fed actions, is that already in your Ratings results? Or how much of a tailwind should we expect from
that going into the next quarter?

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes. So first of all, you saw that the first quarter ended with a really strong issuance from investment
grade. In fact, the U.S. investment grade is up almost 50% quarter-on-quarter. Financial institutions is
up 40%, while Europe at the time wasn't nearly as strong. Europe corporates were down 16% in the
first quarter. But we've seen very strong issuance in investment grade coming back to market in April,
and that's partially because of the liquidity facilities from the Fed as well as the ECB in Europe, although
Europe isn't as strong as the U.S. We see right now that most of the issuance that's undertaking in the
investment-grade space, it's for liquidity purposes. We don't see as much necessarily being used for M&A
or as investments as it might be in the future.

We did -- as you saw, overall, I can't speak specifically to investment grade, but we do expect the
corporate issuance for the entire year will be down for the rest of the year. We do -- as you see in our
latest forecast for issuance, we see that investment grade -- corporate investment grade is going to go
down for the rest of the year. So I think that when we look at this, we're very conscious that investment
grade has been very strong for us this quarter. But overall, though, it's going to be an area that we're
watching very closely.

But one fact, which we can share with you is that in the late -- our most recent surge at the end of March,
there are about 20 nonfinancial corporations that issued over $3 billion in March. The total of those 20
companies was $121 billion. And that was twice as much as the debt they had coming due this year. So
clearly, if they did raise this for prefinancing, it wasn't -- they raised much more than that. But anyway,
investment grade has been on fire. It's been very hot, but we don't expect that for the rest of the year.

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Got it. Great. And then just as a follow-up, just wondering how you're thinking about long-term impacts
on the business in the aftermath of COVID-19. Would you expect anything to change meaningfully in
terms of either industry trends or any changes strategically within your company as a result of the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

situation? And this could be corporate real estate-related or any sort of other just maybe less obvious
changes as well.

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Let me start on the business side and then have Ewout address a little bit kind of the real estate and some
of the operating aspects to it. On the business side, in fact, we see this as the time when a company like
ours can really shine. Clearly, we could be impacted. There's a lot of risks out there and a lot of negative
factors which could impact us. But when it comes to the source of knowledge that we're providing about
ratings, about the credit markets, about what's happening with oil markets with oil risk, et cetera, we see
that our -- that traffic to our websites is way up. We don't see any need for us to pull back on the strategic
investments we're making now in China, in Marketplace, in ESG and other technology areas. We think this
is a time for us to continue to invest. So we don't see any major impact to our business going forward. In
fact, we see this as a time for us to take advantage of the strength of our businesses, the quality of our
people and continue to grow and invest.

Let me hand it over to Ewout because we've also been doing some thinking about what could be some
impact on our longer-term operating model.

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Toni, if we'll think about our expense saves, definitely, there is an underlying assumption that going
forward, there will be a change with respect to the way we work, behaviors, and the way we need to
think about travel going forward and less need for travel, different needs for office space requirements.
If you look at the expense saves in the sensitivity table that we showed to you, you see that there is a
number that we called permanent incremental. That's actually, in our view, perhaps a modest assumption,
a conservative assumption because we have put an assumption in that 15% of our discretionary savings
in this period will continue in the future because of the different way of working. But that impact might
potentially be larger, depending on how things will play out and the redesign of the company and the way
we work and our operational processes and all those elements going forward. So definitely, from that
angle, we think there's going to be a permanent benefit that will come out of this.

Operator

Next question comes from Manav Patnaik with Barclays.

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I just -- my first question was to delve in terms of -- at the beginning, you talked a lot about your
economic forecast and you mentioned the balance of risks to the downside. And I was just wondering,
was that incorporated in your baseline scenario? Or could that -- if that materializes, would that tilt you
towards that late 4Q recovery? Just some color on that, please.

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes. We decided that it was very important for us to eat our own cooking. And so when we have
economists and research analysts that are some of the best in the world, of our U.S. economists, global
economists that are doing forecast, our oil economists and other people looking at equity markets and
ETF issuance, et cetera, that we wanted to take the best knowledge of that entire team and incorporate
that into our forecasting. Ewout's finance team, along with the -- all of the presidents of our businesses
and their finance teams, really worked hard to incorporate forecasts. We went back to see what had been
some of the impacts on prior periods when we've seen disruptions in the market before. It's rare that
we've ever seen so much disruption at once across so many different markets. And so the teams came
together with these forecasts.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

As the word means, they are forecasts. These are not predictions. And we've put these together in a way
that we can understand. It's our best effort to come up with an approach to this. And as we put these
together, we've used our own information. But since these forecasts were put together in a way that they
have a lot of different assumptions, let me hand it over to Ewout, who can give a little bit more color on
the forecasting itself.

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Manav, I just want to be clear that our updated guidance and baseline is middle of the road. It's
a good faith attempt to show you the different sensitivities and the different scenarios. The ranges of
outcomes could be either higher or lower. So I don't think you should only look at the downside risk. There
are also upside risks. So this is middle of the road, and it could be either higher or lower with the same
level of probability. What we have tried to do is clearly show you those sensitivities for the most important
assumptions that we put in there but also to make sure that all of our investors can pick and choose the
elements they think is most likely. If you believe that certain elements in an early third quarter recovery
are more likely or you believe that some late fourth quarter recovery assumptions are more likely, you can
take those elements and build your own assumption. But again, with respect to the risks, either higher or
lower, I think the probability is even.

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then just in terms of your energy exposure across your verticals, you already
sort of addressed the customer stress on the Platts side. But I was hoping you'd just help us understand
how much in Market Intelligence and Ratings and so forth has that exposure and the risks there, please.

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

I don't have that number off the top of my head. I know that we do have ratings exposure from some.
We've got some Market Intelligence, corporate treasurers, CFOs, et cetera. But overall, it's very little. The
most important exposure of the company to oil and gas industries in -- is in Platts.

Robert S. Merritt
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

And Manav, you may recall back in 2015 and '16 when oil prices declined pretty dramatically, that was
a popular question back then. I don't recall the exact percentage, but the reality is from an issuance
perspective, there's no one particular sector that's dominant from issuance perspective in the Ratings
business either.

Operator

Next question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS.

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Just wanted to get a little bit more into the high-yield outlook here. I mean that seems to be, on the
Ratings side, the biggest swing factor. So just flesh out a little bit why you're looking for such a significant
drop in issuance. I mean if you look at April, high yield actually has come back. There's obviously some of
these programs apply to high yield as well. And then obviously, please, also on the leveraged loan side, is
that included in your high-yield forecast? Or is this just on bonds? Because if not, can you just talk about
the leverage loan side a little bit as well?

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Yes. So thanks, Alex. When you look at the high-yield market, I'm going to break it up into 2 pieces.
I'm going to oversimplify it. But one is that recently, there were a set of BBB companies that were
downgraded into being noninvestment-grades. And so those companies, which are now the single -- BB-
range companies have been accepted into liquidity programs by the Fed and the ECB. So for example, last
week, Ford issued $8 billion worth of securities. On Monday, Delta -- yesterday, Delta Airlines issued $3.5
billion of bonds and another $1.5 billion of secured loans to the markets. And both of them have recently
been downgraded from the BBB range into the BB range. And so that type of high yield is having a lot of
activity. It's supported by the ECB and the Fed programs. There's actually a lot of appetite for that risk.
It's a similar risk that was priced recently, and now it's at a much higher level. So those types of securities
are now being very active.

Now there's another side of high yield, which is the leveraged loan market. The leveraged loan market
has become quite slow. There's very little activity in it right now. We have seen a few days here and there
where leveraged loans are moving and there is some leverage loan activity, but it's actually very weak.
We're expecting that leveraged loans, which have been very high for a while had been active. And the
leveraged loan market had been up, had been quite -- had been very active last year into the first quarter.
But right now, the leveraged loan market is really looking for repricing, probably higher level of covenants,
maybe more collateral, et cetera. So I think that leveraged loans market is going to be down about 5%.
We're seeing that it's a -- the market is probably going to be much weaker. So that's kind of an overall
look. I'd split the market into a couple of different pieces.

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Okay. And then I guess, secondarily, more for Ewout. On the index side, can you just help me a little
bit with the cost of that business? I mean at the beginning of the year, you actually raised your margin
expansion for that business. But I view that as a pretty fixed cost base. And maybe just remind me if
there's some variability in -- on the cost, where it could come from. And in particular, I'm asking because
when I look at your scenarios, you're kind of assuming the AUM side is down, but then it's all getting
offset by derivatives trading, which obviously we've seen in the first quarter. But there's also the scenario
where at some point, trading dries up and you get the double whammy where AUM is low and actually
trading slows down, too. We've seen this in some parts already in the second quarter like in VIX. So just
curious what opportunities on the index cost side there are if you're getting into a pretty poor revenue
environment which could happen.

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Alex, we definitely have many levers in the index business as well to offset any pressure on the revenue
line. So let me first take your question about how much variability is there. There's many different
elements there. There's, of course, discretionary spend. There's, of course, a variable spend with respect
to cost of sales, to commissions and variable compensation. And then we also have royalties. Royalties
are approximately 15% to 17% of the overall expense base. Actually, royalties were the largest driver
of the expense increase in the first quarter. So the expenses were up $11 million, of which $3 million
were royalties and $4 million was actually a onetime catch-up in royalties that we don't expect to recur
due to an administrative matter with one of the partners. So $7 million out of the $11 million in the first
quarter was due to royalties. So definitely, the index business is working very hard to offset any revenue
pressure on their expense line. We expect a modest reduction in margins during this year as what has
been assumed in the scenarios.

With respect to your question about the overall top line and the exchange-traded derivatives. We have,
as an assumption in our models, a 30% increase year-over-year. First quarter was 60% up in exchange-
traded derivatives. We expect also elevated levels in the second quarter. And then indeed, it will level
off in the second half of this year because we don't expect that to be elevated for the full year. So yes,
there will be a bit of decline on exchange-traded derivative, but again, we expect that we have many
opportunities also to manage the expense line in the index business.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Next question is from Hamzah Mazari with Jefferies.

Hamzah Mazari
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

I hope you're safe and healthy out there. My first question was just a follow-up on Platts. If you look at
the last downturn, it grew in the last downturn but it shaved a couple of basis points off of the growth rate
that was coming in, the growth rate that you had going into the downturn. Could you maybe talk about --
could that business be negative this year given this oil downturn seems pretty different? Any thoughts on
what your customers are saying today? I know you touched on this a little bit. And also you've diversified
that business relative to a few years ago. Does that diversification help you in this downturn or it's just not
-- it's still very much levered to petroleum?

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Hamzah. And I hope you are well and safe, too. With respect to the Platts top line, we have -- about
80% of the top line is subscription-related, 10% is analytics and 10% is global trading services, which
actually saw a nice increase of 17.5% in the first quarter. So clearly, because it is largely subscription-
based, there is a nice protection with respect to the revenue line for Platts in the near term. So we expect
Platts, if you look at the sensitivity table that we provided and the original direction that we mentioned
during the fourth quarter earnings call of mid- to high -- sorry, mid-single-digit revenue growth for Platts
this year, we're still at a level of mid-single-digit growth in terms of revenue for 2020. And again, that's
because of the basis of the revenue components that are largely subscription-based. I do have to say that
if the duration of the downturn takes longer that there might be a larger pressure on the revenue line for
Platts next year in 2021. But this year, we expect still mid-single-digit revenue line under the assumptions
that we have laid out.

Hamzah Mazari
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Okay. Very helpful. And just a follow-up question on Market Intelligence, how are you thinking about
execution risk in that segment in this environment? There's been a lot of competitive changes in the
landscape. You've had a move towards enterprise-wide contracts from a commercial side. You have higher
investment spend. Sales cycles pushed out. Is that going to be disruptive at all? Or how are you thinking
about just execution risk in that segment in this environment?

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Hamzah, we don't see those as factors which could end up slowing down our development and our
deployment of the new MI platform. We've got -- our teams are dedicated. As I mentioned in my earlier
remarks, we have 99% of our employees working from home. They're very engaged. They're working
hard. We've got really good acceptance of our customers of the new systems and new capabilities they
-- as they see it. We've been able to move the capabilities of Cap IQ data services modeling, different
capabilities over to the MI platform. And we have a plan during the year to be moving over customers so
that they can have dual access throughout the year. Our development programming is on track. So we
don't have any -- that's not a concern of ours right now.

Operator

Next question comes from Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets.

Jeffrey Marc Silber
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Also glad to hear everybody's doing okay, and I just wanted to thank you all for the detailed guidance. It's
actually really appreciated. One of the slides you had in your presentation, I think it was Slide 43, talked
about some of the management actions that you've taken and will take. What are you looking for to either
increase these kind of actions or, on the flip side, ratchet them down if the environment improves?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Jeff, most of these actions are already put in place. So obviously, there isn't a lot of travel that anyone
can do in the current period of time. We have already stopped hiring, although, of course, currently,
interviewing any candidate is also hard to do in a virtual environment. And then several of the other
elements as well, all of that is already put in place. So the impact in the modeling and in the sensitivity is
really dependent on the duration of the actions. If the duration takes longer, the economic downturn lasts
longer, then also the impact is going to be larger for the company.

If you're looking at what does it mean in terms of recovery and when we expect things to start to look
better and some of these actions might go away, I think we are looking at restart of economic activity,
increase of demand, if we see more people going back to the employment market, drop of unemployment,
pickup with GDP, all of these elements we'll look at in terms of when are we going to relax on some of
those actions. But otherwise, all of these actions have been put in place.

If you're asking what could be the next step in terms of layer of actions, we hope we don't need to go
there because we believe that with all the actions we have taken over the last few years with respect to
productivity programs and efficiency and process automation and capturing the operating leverage, we
believe we have already managed the company in a very disciplined way. And we are taking clearly the
benefit in current environment out of that.

Jeffrey Marc Silber
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Okay. Great. That's helpful. And then switching gears, you talked about the strength in both Platts and
Market Intelligence being more of a subscription-based focus. Can you just remind us the cadence of
subscription renewals when they typically occur throughout the year? Is it back-end loaded? Is it more
even? Any color would be great.

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes, Jeff, this is Doug. The -- yes, the subscription renewals are really throughout the year. They range
from 1-year to 2-year to 3-year contracts. There's no rhyme or rhythm that I could really give you about
those, they're all -- it's sort of an ongoing process.

Operator

Next question comes from George Tong with Goldman Sachs.

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

You expect a mid-single-digit decline in global billed debt issuance volumes this year. Can you talk about
how much pricing you expect to add to Ratings revenue performance and also discuss any mix impact
from various debt categories that could affect how industry issuance translates into Ratings revenue
performance at S&P?

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

George, we normally don't really speak about pricing for obvious reasons. But I think you can put the
elements together if you look at the original guidance that we provided in the fourth quarter earnings call
with respect to mid- to high single-digit revenue growth expectation for ratings, the current sensitivity.
And then you look at the overall issuance expectation of billed issuance, I think you can probably put
those pieces together and make an estimate of that. The other guidance and direction I can provide to you
is look at our list pricing that is all being published, and you can take some elements out of that as well.
So if you put those pieces together, you'll probably get a good insight in what is assumed with respect to
pricing for this year. But specifically, I would like to avoid giving you those numbers at this moment.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Got it. You've indicated plans to make $150 million in investments in 2020 growth programs. Can you
elaborate on which segments and products those growth investments will be going to and when you'd
expect to see returns on those investments?

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes. George, this is Doug. First of all, the $150 million that we've talked about in the past, this is, for us,
we believe, very critical for our long-term growth. It builds the ability to have new products, which are
relevant to the marketplace. It also allows us to invest in new technology, which would be a combination
of processing, data linking and delivery mechanisms to our clients. They're really spread out across
the businesses. China is one of those that we're very pleased with the progress on. That's one that's
important, and it's principally right now a Ratings opportunity. There will be some follow-on for Market
Intelligence.

There's also going to be an investment in ESG. ESG is across all the divisions, all the geographies. And this
is one that you saw recently, we completed the integration of the RobecoSAM's business into the Ratings
business. So we have a much stronger ESG business there. But all of the businesses benefit from things
like RobecoSAM's Ratings business, what we -- when we have Trucost on board, et cetera. So these are
intended to be investments that benefit all of our divisions. They benefit all of the geographies and visible
ones. But across the board, this is going to be benefiting the entire company.

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

If I may build on the answer of Doug, approximately half of the investments are going to Market
Intelligence. And the returns, we'll see different -- by different category, by different project over time.
Some might be more short term, some might be more mid- or long term. Think about China Ratings, we
have said from the beginning that, that is a long-term investment. So this will come in at different points
in time.

Operator

Our next question comes from Andrew Nicholas from William Blair.

Trevor Romeo
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

This is actually Trevor Romeo on for Andrew. First, I just wanted to ask on Ratings margins in the quarter.
I know Ewout called out a couple of factors such as the in-sourcing of IT and the T&E freeze. But just
given the magnitude of the improvement there in the quarter, I thought I would just ask if there were any
other onetime items that helped such as maybe incentive comp accruals. As in, did the accruals grow less
than they might have in a normal environment because of the uncertainty in the outlook for the rest of the
year?

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Trevor, no, there was not an impact in the first quarter with respect to incentive compensation. We are
accruing at 100%, the same as a year ago. So that didn't have an impact in terms of the expenses
for Ratings during the first quarter. Two main elements I would like to call out, first, the impact of FX.
The expenses came down 7%, including foreign exchange. And it was down 2%, excluding foreign
exchange. Still 2% down is, of course, a very strong result in terms of expense reduction for Ratings.
The other reason is what we already mentioned during the prepared remarks. This was the in-sourcing
of certain technology engineering capabilities that were previously outsourced to a provider. We have set
up a technology talent center in India. And we are taking there a clear benefit, not only from a talent
perspective but also from a cost perspective. So those are the main items. But clearly, I'm happy --

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

I'm very happy to see the results of the Ratings business in the first quarter. And indeed, the margin
improvement is quite impressive.

Robert S. Merritt
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

And just to add one quick thing. The point that Ewout was making about the changes in headcount. You
may remember on our fourth quarter earnings call, we showed you that slide with headcount and alluded
to those changes.

Trevor Romeo
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Okay. Great. That's very helpful. And then I just wanted to follow up, I guess, on the index business. I
believe you guys recently announced a collaboration with IHS Markit to develop multi-asset class index
benchmarks. I was just wondering if you could discuss the strategy there and how that partnership came
together, maybe how you view the potential size and growth of the opportunity for multi-asset class
indices.

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Trevor, let me -- I'm going to give you a little bit broader answer. Thank you for that. First of all, we have,
as you know, the fixed income area and there's other types of blended funds, blended ETFs, blended
indices, et cetera. And we felt that IHS Markit, they have some very attractive indices, some data and
analytics that were not being deployed into some different types of indices and that we could work
together with them to really attack some of the market opportunities that we see emerging in the same
way that we have recently signed an agreement last year on Earth Day with BlackRock for ESG indices. So
we see that there's many opportunities for us to partner. We don't always have to go alone to build indices
and market-relevant products. And so in both cases, with IHS Markit and now with BlackRock on the ESG
front, we believe that there's opportunities for us to address market growth and market needs not just
on our own. So this was something that we're very pleased with both of those. And something that we're
going to be working on. And we'll report going forward how we do.

Operator

We will now take our final question from Craig Huber from Huber Research Partners.

Craig Anthony Huber
Huber Research Partners, LLC

If I heard you right, I think you said the debt issuance market forecast for yourselves for the year is down
mid-single digits. Billed revenues lines up that way, down mid-single digits. I'm curious, embedded within
that, what are you expecting the 2 middle quarters to be down year-over-year? And what's the number --
maybe you said this, but what's the number in the first quarter that lines up with that?

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Craig, this is Doug. I don't have something that is by quarter in terms of our issuance outlook. This is
something that our teams, our economists and our credit specialists, they go out and they look at what is
the amount of debt which is maturing. They look at what's happening in the market with M&A, with debt
repayments for bridge loans, companies that want to pay out and pay back drawdowns on revolvers, et
cetera. So I don't really have a forecast that I could give you by quarter.

Craig Anthony Huber
Huber Research Partners, LLC

You have the number -- the comparable number for the first quarter?

Douglas L. Peterson

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

President, CEO & Executive Director

The first quarter issuance was up. Let me give you the full precise amount.

Robert S. Merritt
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Yes. Craig, if you're getting to billed issuance, we're not going to share billed issuance numbers with you.
We share with The Street the actual issuance numbers, and Doug put that chart out. Billed issuances, this
is a onetime shot. We're sharing some information with you, but we're not totally opening the kimono and
tell you the billed issuance this quarter or for any quarter. So sorry about that.

Craig Anthony Huber
Huber Research Partners, LLC

All right. Fair enough. And then the question I want to ask you, the cost within your Ratings area here, if
this environment gets worse, worse than what we're forecasting right now, do you feel there's a lot more
cost you can take out there? You gave us a good explanation around what you've done so far. But do you
feel there's more leeway on the cost side there?

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Craig, this is Ewout. Yes, absolutely, because if you look at the expense reduction in Ratings during the
first quarter, the impact of the management actions have rather been minimal because most of those
management actions have been taken in the month of March. So maybe a little bit of travel benefit
has been incorporated in the first quarter, but most of the benefits of those management actions will
actually come in during the next few quarters. So from that perspective, very good expense development
in Ratings, but that's all based on actions we have taken in the past. And all the good work that has
been done in terms of our productivity programs that we have been talking to you about before and the
management actions related to COVID, the real benefit will come in, in future. So definitely, there is
further opportunity for the Ratings business with respect to their expense line.

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Okay. Chip, if you don't mind, let me make a couple of closing comments. First of all, I'd like to thank
everyone for joining us today on the S&P Global First Quarter 2020 Call and for all of your questions. We
know that this is a very difficult time for the markets. Also for everyone on this call, you've had to find
new ways to adjust to working from home or some sort of alternative working environment. We were
very pleased, though, with our first quarter and, in particular, with the way our employees, working at
99% now at home, have really stepped up to support each other to continue to produce valuable ratings,
research and analytics for our customers and for the markets.

But as you saw in the call today, in our prepared remarks and then in our follow-up, we also recognize
that the outlook for the next quarter and for the rest of the year is very different than how we started
the year. We have incorporated some of the knowledge and research from our own teams and what we're
picking up in the markets to come up with a broad set of assumptions that introduced new levels of risk
and uncertainty. Those are reflected in what we've given you in guidance for the rest of the year. And
obviously, we're going to clearly monitor the market conditions, work very hard to react and to be able to
be prepared for what comes up. And we look forward to working with all of you throughout the year.

And thank you again for joining the call. I hope everybody stays healthy, stays safe, and we will see you
throughout the year. Thank you very much.

Operator

That concludes this morning's call. A PDF version of the presenters' slides is available now for downloading
from investor.spglobal.com. Replay of the entire call will be available in about 2 hours. The webcast with

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

audio and slides will be maintained on S&P Global's website for 1 year. The audio-only telephone replay
will be maintained for 1 month.
On behalf of S&P Global, we thank you for participating and wish you a good day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

