Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. NYSE:SWK
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, October 27, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.70

2.89

7.04

2.52

8.03

9.16

Revenue  (mm)

3988.68

3850.20

(3.47 %)

3926.94

14177.92

15022.02

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-26-2020 2:40 PM GMT

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.18

1.08

1.25

2.70

2.18

1.20

1.60

2.89

0.00 %

11.11 %

28.00 %

7.04 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

13

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Dennis M. Lange
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Donald Allan
Executive VP & CFO

James M. Loree
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Deepa Bhargavi
Narasimhapuram Raghavan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Michael Jason Rehaut
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to the Third Quarter 2020 Stanley Black & Decker Earnings Conference Call. My name is
Shannon, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions]

Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to the Vice President of
Investor Relations, Dennis Lange. Mr. Lange, you may begin.

Dennis M. Lange
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Shannon. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us for Stanley Black & Decker's
2020 Third Quarter Conference Call. On the call, in addition to myself, is Jim Loree, President and CEO;
and Don Allan, Executive Vice President and CFO.

Our earnings release, which was issued earlier this morning, and a supplemental presentation, which we'll
refer to during the call, are available on the IR section of our website.

A replay of this morning's call will also be available beginning at 11 a.m. today. The replay number and the
access code are in our press release.

This morning, Jim and Don will review our 2020 third quarter results and various other matters followed
by a Q&A session. Consistent with prior calls, we're going to be sticking with just one question per caller.
And as we normally do, we will be making some forward-looking statements during the call based on
our current views. Such statements are based on assumptions of future events that may not prove to
be accurate, and as such, they involve risk and uncertainty. It's therefore possible that the actual results
may materially differ from any forward-looking statements that we may make today. We direct you to the
cautionary statements in the 8-K that we filed with our press release and our most recent '34 Act filing.

I'll now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Jim Loree.

James M. Loree
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Dennis. Good morning, everyone.

What an eventful year it has been thus far. Going into 2020, we expected some volatility and uncertainty.
However, no one could have anticipated the ups and downs and the twists and turns this year would take,
and there are still 2 months to go.

As you saw from this morning's press release, our team is doing an impressive job managing through
the trials and tribulations of this era, and I want to thank every one of our 54,000-plus associates who
contributed to those results.

I'm happy to say that we nailed what was perhaps one of the best quarters in our history. Pick your
metric: gross margin, operating margin, free cash flow, the list goes on. For me, the most gratifying is the
operating margin rate of 17.7%. We've proven over the decades since the Black & Decker merger that we
can produce organic growth at a reasonably consistent 4% to 6%. However, our goal has always been to
marry that up with relatively consistent operating margin rate accretion, with the goal of breaking through
that 15% ceiling at some point. That has been elusive until now.

In late 2017, we entered what turned out to be a 3-year period of significant external headwinds caused
by tariffs, cost inflation and FX pressures, all totaling approximately $1 billion of unfavorable margin
impact. With a lot of work and a strong constitution, we were able to offset those headwinds and generate
a 6% EPS CAGR during that era.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

We also bought IRWIN, LENOX and Craftsman, among others, and utilized those acquisitions to cement
incredibly strong strategic partnerships with our 2 major home center partners in the U.S. as well as
building a thriving e-commerce business, including a partnership with North America's largest e-commerce
player.

And when the pandemic hit by April, we faced into 4 weeks of revenues down 40% as the world went
into lockdown and most retail channel partners dramatically cut their ordering. In response, we beefed
up our already strong liquidity position and took out $1 billion of cost, including $500 million of indirect
or nonpeople-related costs. We managed to keep our supply chain running with only minor disruption,
including operating over 100 plants around the globe, and have done so successfully throughout the
pandemic.

Then a strange thing happened in North America. People stuck in their homes began to do projects, some
DIY, some through tradespeople and contractors. And POS and our retail partners began to skyrocket in
May and has been at unprecedented levels ever since. By May, retailer inventories were plummeting. And
recognizing that our supply chain lead times would preclude us from serving the demand if it's sustained,
we took a decision to invest $600 million in fast-moving inventory in advance of orders from retailers
beginning in the May time frame. That turned out to be an excellent call.

In the third quarter, construction and DIY tool revenues in Europe and the emerging markets began to
recover while North American retail stayed strong. This caused positive revisions to our revenue estimates
and ultimately drove double-digit growth in Tools in the third quarter, even while some of our revenue
shifted into October in the final days of September.

So with that as backdrop, why am I so excited about our record 17.7% operating margin rate? The reason
is that we believe we've achieved a new range of profitability to couple with our continued organic growth.
Yes, continued organic growth.

We believe if 2021 is a reasonably stable economic year, that the 40% of our portfolio that in 2020 will be
significantly down organically, that is Industrial and the Security segments, as well as industrial tools will
bounce back and become a positive.

We also believe that Tools and outdoor will be very strong in 2021 with channel inventory rebuilds and
continued pandemic end demand at least into the first half. Our e-commerce position, which will approach
$2 billion in 2020, should also continue to be a robust growth driver as we capitalize on our strength and
make continued investments to make it even stronger.

We also believe that approximately $625 million of our $1 billion cost takeout will stick, resulting in some
carryover benefits next year and that the margin resiliency initiative will continue to bear fruit in 2021,
yielding $100 million to $150 million of additional margin tailwind.

Perhaps most refreshing of all is the absence of sizable new headwinds in the area of FX, inflation and
tariffs.

For all those reasons, as we sit here today amidst all the market uncertainty, we believe the growth and
margin story is sustainable in the stop-start kind of pandemic economy that we're in. My comments do
not contemplate a severely pressured 2021 global economy, and we do not believe that scenario to be the
likely case.

Our people had worked tirelessly to produce these results. Our third quarter financial performance reflects
the agility, courage and common sense of our leaders and their teams under the circumstances, and we
thank them for that.

Now for a few financial highlights. Total company third quarter revenues were $3.9 billion, up 6% versus
prior year. This included 4% organic growth

and a 2-point contribution from the CAM acquisition.

And turning to profitability, we executed to deliver a gross margin rate of 35.9% or 160 basis points above
that of prior year. And as mentioned, our operating margin rate was a record 17.7%, up 320 basis points.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

This achievement was a result of strong cost control, our margin resiliency initiative, volume leverage and
price. And leading this performance was Tools & Storage, delivering 11% organic growth and a record
21.5% operating margin rate.

Industrial achieved sequential improvement in both revenue and margins despite a steep year-over-year
market-driven organic decline, and effective cost management to protect margins helped position the
business for outstanding volume leverage during an eventual market recovery.

And lastly, Security delivered stable results even in this climate with just a modest decline in organic
growth and relatively flat operating margin.

We continue to transform this business and are investing to capture the emerging health and safety
opportunity related to the pandemic. We're excited to realize the benefits from this multiyear
transformation with a potential for organic growth with margin expansion in 2021 and beyond.

And finally, all of this was punctuated by record adjusted EPS of $2.89, which was up 36% versus last
year, as well as $615 million of free cash flow in the quarter, bringing our year-to-date free cash flow to
$391 million, up over $400 million year-over-year.

And as we look ahead, our well-established pandemic priorities remain consistent: first, ensuring
the health and safety of our employees and our supply chain partners; second, maintaining business
continuity and financial strength and stability; third, serving our customers as they provide essential
products and services to the world; and fourth, doing our part to mitigate the impact of the virus across
the globe.

The pandemic is not over yet. We are maintaining our focus and not letting our guard down as we enter
the next phase and continue to manage with agility and resiliency. These priorities have helped us keep
our employees as safe and secure as possible, operate continuously to serve our customers and to support
our communities during this challenging period.

We will continue to exercise discipline on expenses and reap the benefits of the cost savings program put
in place earlier this year. We are concurrently making investments in key growth areas associated with
reconnecting with the home and outdoors, e-commerce and health and safety, even as we work to ensure
that our operating margins stay in the 15%-plus Zip Code.

In summary, it was a truly notable quarter, and there's a lot to be excited about for the future, including
MTD, which brings between $2 billion and $3 billion of revenue and becomes executable beginning in July
2021.

Thank you, and I'll now turn it over to Don Allan to provide you more color on the third quarter as well as
our scenario planning as we look to the fourth quarter and beyond.

Donald Allan
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. I will now take a deeper dive into our business segment
results for the third quarter.

Tools & Storage delivered excellent revenue growth with volume up 10% and price contributing 1 point.
The segment organic growth for the third quarter was impacted by the timing of promotional volume
that ended up shipping in October versus our previous expectation of September. This represented
approximately $100 million to $125 million, or a 5 to -- a 4- to 5-point impact versus the 3Q revenue
planning assumption we communicated in late August.

As many of you know, there is a significant amount of volume that goes into the channel for the fourth
quarter holiday promotions during the September through October time frame. You will see this timing
shift included in the Q4 planning assumptions that I will review later.

The third quarter operating margin rate was outstanding and clearly a record performance at 21.5%
for Tools & storage, up 490 basis points versus the prior year as volume, productivity, cost control and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

price delivered a strong margin rate expansion. As volume growth accelerated, we experienced excellent
operating leverage due to the significant adjustments to our cost base over the last 6 months in response
to the pandemic.

Now let's take a look at some of the geographies within Tools & Storage. North America was up 11%
organically. U.S. retail delivered 16% organic growth driven by strong DIY and improving professional
demand, along with continued momentum within the e-commerce platforms. POS remained very robust
throughout the quarter as we experienced an average growth in the low 20s percentile over the entire
third quarter. The U.S. retail store inventory levels, although up slightly from beginning of the quarter,
remained significantly lower than last year.

The North American commercial and industrial tool channels continue to see a slower path of recovery
compared to the strong results in U.S. retail as the commercial channel declined 7% during the quarter.

Within this channel, there are a mix of customers that serve both construction and industrial markets. If
you look at pure-play, construction-focused customers in this channel, green shoots emerged, and they
delivered low single-digit organic growth for the quarter, a positive signal that the pro is returning.

Finally in North America, our Industrial and automotive tools business declined 11%, which was a
significant improvement from the 2Q decline of 25%.

Moving to Europe, Europe delivered 12% organic growth, benefiting from similar trends as North America
as well as channel inventory recoveries as these markets emerge from the Q2 shutdowns. We believe the
channel inventory increases represented approximately 1/3 of the growth within this region. The result
was led by construction markets and was experienced across all major geographies, with the U.K., Central
Europe and Iberia up double digits and France, Germany, Italy and the Nordics up mid to high single
digits.

Organic growth in emerging markets was up 11%, led by pricing, improved demand and an inventory
recovery. Latin America led the way and was up 12% in the quarter. The growth was broad-based with
Brazil, Argentina, Chile and Colombia up double digits, with Mexico and Peru up mid-single digits. Asia
was down low single digits in the quarter with modest growth in South Korea, India, Japan, Malaysia and
Vietnam, which was offset by declines in China and Southeast Asia. And then finally, Russia and Turkey
had a very strong growth -- had very strong growth during Q3, contributing to the recovery for overall
emerging markets.

Now let's shift to the SBUs within Tools & Storage. Power Tools & Equipment delivered 22% organic
growth, benefiting from strong commercial execution and new product introductions. Despite the difficult
comps earlier in the year, Craftsman is benefiting from the strong DIY and e-commerce momentum,
resulting in growth significantly ahead of our expectations and starting to approach our annual goal of
$1 billion in revenue. Additionally, DeWALT is capturing the positive trajectory in the pro recovery as
well as new product introductions, such as POWERDETECT, and continued expansion of our FLEXVOLT,
ATOMIC and XTREME breakthrough innovations into new product in storage, which declined 5% for Q3.
New product introductions and DIY growth were not enough to counter our large exposure to industrial-
focused customers. They're still declining but sequentially improving, as I mentioned previously.

Now e-commerce continues to see strong momentum, and we saw that experience throughout the quarter
driven by impressive exponential growth across all regions. This channel represented approximately 18%
of the global Tools & Storage revenue for the third quarter. As we continue to expand our market-leading
share position in this strategic channel, we are making targeted investments to bring in world-class talent
and expand our digital capabilities to maximize this rapidly accelerating opportunity.

So in summary, despite a very dynamic environment, it was an outstanding quarter for Tools & Storage.
The business delivered a record operating margin rate, executing on the cost actions while demonstrating
the agility to meet the strengthening demand that emerged throughout the quarter. Great work by our
Tools & Storage team.

Turning to the Industrial segment. Total growth was negative 7%, which included a 10-point benefit
from the CAM acquisition, and currency contributed a positive 1%. This was offset by an 18% decline in

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

volume. Despite the significant organic declines, we are cautiously optimistic in the positive sequential
improvement in the markets across [ many ] industrial businesses, with automotive showing the largest
Q3 sequential improvement. Operating margin rate was down year-over-year to a respectable 12.3%
as the impact from market-driven volume decline was partially offset by swift cost control. Our cost
actions are having a significant impact and contributed to a 350 basis point sequential improvement in the
margins.

Let's now dive a bit deeper into this segment. Engineered Fastening organic revenues were down 14%,
driven by lower global light vehicle and industrial production. The declines were experienced across all
regions.

Although global light vehicle production remain down 5% year-over-year, forecasts continue to improve.
As a result, automotive fasteners experienced strong sequential improvement from April, relatively in line
with this mid- single-digit decline in light vehicle production. However, our auto systems business is still
experiencing significant declines in the low 20s as OEMs continue to conserve capital in response to the
current market environment.

Industrial fasteners declined high teens. And despite more positive indications for global industrial
production, recovery in these markets have not bounced back as quickly. Our customer insights indicate
that the majority of the manufacturers are balancing the initial surge and pent-up demand following the
Q2 closures with a slower trajectory towards normalized business activity.

Infrastructure declined 25% due to lower volumes in Attachment Tools, which was down in the high teens,
while Oil & Gas declined 35% due to a sharp reduction in pipeline project activity. While the outlook for
Oil & Gas remains challenged, we are beginning to see positive signs of an improving environment in
Attachment Tools.

And finally, let's turn to Security. Total revenue was relatively flat versus prior year, with volume down 4%,
partially offset by benefits from both price and currency. North America declined 3% primarily due to lower
installations in commercial, electronic security and health care due to the pandemic.

Europe experienced a modest organic decline as growth within the Nordics and France was offset by lower
volume in the U.K. However, global backlog remains in a healthy position and is up versus the prior year,
while order rates in electronic security have continued to gain strong momentum since Q2.

One item to briefly note before I cover margins related to Security. During Q3, we reached an agreement
with Securitas to sell commercial electronic operations in 5 countries in Europe and emerging markets.
These businesses represent approximately $85 million in annual revenue, and the divestiture will be
modestly accretive to segment margins going forward. This decision represented normal portfolio pruning
and will allow our Security team to focus their efforts and resources on our geographies where we have
strong market positions.

Now in terms of profitability. The segment operating margin rate was up 10 basis points to 11%, as price
and cost control more than offset the impact from lower volume and growth investments. We delivered
this margin expansion and funded growth investments with a 90 basis point expansion in our gross
margins, another very positive sign of the business transformation underway.

As the market normalizes and we ramp up the new growth opportunities within health and safety, the
Security business is well positioned to return to organic growth and consistent margin expansion as we
head into 2021.

So in summary of all our businesses, a very strong quarter as we continue to navigate the uncertainty in
the current environment. As I take a step back and reflect, I am so proud of how our team stepped up
during the crisis to position the business for success.

Our Industrial business, hit with the steepest market declines, is on track to deliver double-digit margins
this year, a far -- far approved (sic) [ removed ] from the 7% margin prior-recession trough in the
Industrial segment experienced by Black & Decker during 2009.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Security has taken swift actions to return to margin expansion and is now focused on accelerating its
transformation with several exciting growth initiatives.

And of course, what a performance by Tools to reposition its margin potential during this downturn while
simultaneously investing in programs that can keep us on the offensive as it relates to growth and share
gain.

Let's now briefly look at how this translated into free cash flow performance on the next page.

On a year-to-date basis, our cash generation is $391 million, which is $412 million ahead of the prior year.
The strong performance was driven by approximately $600 million of free cash flow generated in the third
quarter. Our cost focus, combined with the surging demand in Tools & Storage, resulted in strong earnings
growth, lower working capital versus the prior year and reduced capital expenditures.

As we look ahead into closing this year, our priority is to ensure we maintain appropriate levels of working
capital to support the continued strong growth for Tools & storage into 2021 as well as market recoveries
in our other businesses.

As a result of this key priority, our plan assumes $300 million of incremental working capital in Q4, which
will reduce our normal seasonal working capital benefit versus prior years. Even considering this planning
assumption, we expect to generate a significant amount of cash in the fourth quarter, and our planning
assumption is for $800 million to $900 million of free cash flow for the full year 2020.

From a capital deployment perspective, while we have removed our explicit pause on M&A and share
repurchase, our priority today is deleveraging in line with our strong investment credit ratings.

In terms of our liquidity and balance sheet, we ended the quarter with full access to our $3 billion
commercial paper facility and approximately $700 million of cash on hand. As a reminder, we do not have
any long-term debt maturities until late next year. So as you can see, we have maintained flexibility from
a liquidity standpoint.

I would now like to discuss the third quarter exit trends for demand and how we are planning for the
fourth quarter.

On Slide 8, I will start on the left side of the page and walk through a segment view of our fourth quarter
planning assumption range. I will also provide color on the geographic or key business exit trends. In
this case, I will use September and October month-to-date actual shipments as our exit trend, which
normalizes for various timing factors.

For Tools & Storage, we are planning for a fourth quarter range of 8% to 10% organic growth. One key
assumption in the Tools & Storage range continues to be the sustainability of the strong demand within
U.S. retail.

I'm happy to report that POS in North American retail has remained strong. While demand is lower than
some of the stratospheric levels we experienced in Q2, the POS growth has remained very strong in the
low 20s for the prior 4- and 8-week period. POS for the most recent 4-week period for brands such as
Craftsman and Stanley are delivering similar levels of growth that was demonstrated over the entirety of
the third quarter. POS growth within our more pro-focused brands, such as DeWALT and Stanley FatMax,
have accelerated in recent periods, reflecting the positive trajectory of the pro recovery, which gained
momentum as the third quarter progressed. Our planning range assumes that POS will be maintained in
the mid-teens to the low 20s for the entire fourth quarter.

The recoveries in Europe and Latin America accelerated in the third quarter, and we continue to see
positive momentum. However, we are planning for a moderate deceleration of shipment growth from Q3,
factoring in the inventory recovery that occurred for these regions.

Finally, the U.S. commercial and industrial channels, along with Asia, should continue to see sequential
improvement but are planned at slower trajectories compared to the other channels and regions within
this segment.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

The revenue trends in the Tools business for the last 8 weeks support our view of continued strong
performance as we've experienced growth of 12% in this time horizon. This is slightly above the high
end of our planning range for Q4. However, we anticipate the deceleration in the international markets
primarily to occur over the remainder of the quarter.

For Industrial, our plan assumes for an organic decline of 10% to 15%. Many of the end markets are
demonstrating continued recoveries. The exceptions are aerospace and Oil & Gas, which are longer cycle,
and we are planning for protracted recovery. On the positive side, we have continued to see improvement
in automotive production forecasts, industrial production trends and order momentum in Attachment
Tools. Our midpoint would assume continued improvement within automotive, Attachment Tools and
general industrial end markets versus Q3.

The revenue trends for the last 8 weeks support continued recovery for this segment as our shipments
were down 11% organically, in line with the more optimistic end of our Q4 planning range. Another
positive signal is that Engineered Fastening has demonstrated organic growth over the last 4 weeks.
Market momentum and easier comps in this segment are starting to emerge.

Turning to Security. Our plan assumes for a range of down low single digits to a high end of being
relatively flat organically. Exit trends for this business are tracking relatively in line with this range, which
is a good result considering that Security grew 4% organically in Q4 2019.

Although the recovery continues to be mixed by country, backlog remains strong and orders have been
regaining momentum, which supports an opportunity for sequential improvement with installation and
maintenance activity. Additionally, the business is focused on simulating -- stimulating demand with their
existing and new health and safety solutions, which have emerged from the pandemic and will begin to
generate revenue prior to the end of the year.

As you aggregate this for the total company, we are planning for a Q4 range of 3% to 5% organic growth.
The low end of this range represents a moderation in the strong POS within U.S. retail or a meaningful
deceleration in the recovery trajectories in industrial Security for the remaining tool markets.

The high end of our range reflects continued positive momentum in the recovery and with North American
POS levels continuing to be strong. We currently are not planning for an improvement in store inventory
levels within this range for our Tools & Storage major customers.

The company revenue trend is up 7% organically across September and October month-to-date.
Considering we would expect it to be a little stronger initially due to the monthly timing in Tools previously
mentioned in our revenue range, it's reasonable expectation -- it is a reasonable expectation at this stage
for the fourth quarter.

Now moving to Page 9, I would like to provide an update on our cost program. As a quick reminder, we
targeted 4 areas of opportunity: indirect spend, compensation, benefits and raw material deflation. We are
on track to capture the previously outlined $500 million 2020 benefit. During the third quarter, we realized
$175 million of the benefit, which brings our year-to-date savings to $350 million.

The organization continues to make progress on improving the sustainability of our cost action.

As you think about the program heading into 2021, we are still on track to deliver a positive carryover of
$125 million, net of costs associated with restoring the temporary cost actions implemented earlier this
year. In addition to this positive carryover, we continue to execute on our margin resiliency initiatives and
expect to see an opportunity for $300 million to $500 million over the next 3-year period. A reasonable
expectation for the 2021 margin resiliency opportunity is a range of $100 million to $150 million.

As a reminder, we view this program as an incremental source of contingency to offset any unforeseen
headwinds that may arise throughout the year, support investment into the business or support margin
expansion and outperformance.

Now I will quickly summarize our 2020 planning assumptions on Slide 10. From a revenue perspective, as
I mentioned, we see a potential for a range of 3% to 5% organic growth in the fourth quarter. From a cost

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

structure perspective, we had $180 million of 2020 savings from our Q4 2019 cost reduction program and
expect an additional $500 million from the cost actions announced earlier this year, as I just mentioned.
Tariffs and FX are currently expected to be a $165 million headwind, with $140 million of that behind us
through 3 quarters.

Considering these factors, we are planning for a full year operating margin dollar growth in the mid-single
digits and significant margin rate expansion versus the prior year.

Finally, we have disclosed our assumptions for the below-the-line items as you work to model various
business scenarios. When you evaluate all these financial factors and complete the math, the result will
be an EPS range centered around our 2019 EPS result of $8.40 per share, an excellent potential outcome
given where the world was 6 months ago in the depths of the crisis.

From a cash deployment perspective, our near-term focus is deleverage. We are maintaining our capital
expenditure reductions while continuing to invest in the key areas that drive growth, margin resiliency or
support footprint moves in Tools & Storage. We will keep a sharp focus on working capital management
and have aligned our supply chain to serve the strong revenue growth.

I know many of you are thinking about 2021 at this point. As outlined earlier, we have built approximately
$125 million of positive carryover from our cost program and have margin resiliency at our disposal to
serve as a contingency. In addition, as Jim mentioned, we don't see major headwinds or tailwinds from an
input cost perspective at this stage. Therefore, this sets up nicely to handle a significant amount of cost
headwinds should they emerge or outperform expectations if these headwinds do not emerge.

As it relates to revenue, our visibility has improved, but it's far too early to comment on market demand
for 2021. That being said, we don't accept the notion that our setup is a story about insurmountable
comps.

Consider that in 2020, approximately 25% of the portfolio is expected to show double-digit, market-
driven, organic retractions mainly concentrated in industrial-focused end markets across our segments. It
is reasonable to expect growth from an arguably easy set of comps in this category. 20% of the portfolio is
showing modest retractions this year in addition to the 25% I just mentioned. This would include Security
in some of our emerging market geographies and Tools. These businesses certainly don't have tough
setups as we sit here today and appear poised to be able to demonstrate growth.

The remaining 55% of the company, which includes North American retail and European Tools & Storage,
will show growth this year. But the setup for the front half of 2021 is very good as they retracted
organically in the comparable period in 2020 due to the shutdown and inventory corrections that we
experienced. These markets have continued to stay strong and the refocus on the home trend has
emerged and continued.

Finally, we have a host of growth catalysts that Jim will outline in a moment. We believe we have the
investments and the initiatives in place to drive the next leg of share gain across our businesses. When
considering all these factors and, of course, assuming no adverse changes in market demand due to major
economic pullbacks, we do not see any reason at this point as to why we cannot demonstrate organic
growth in each of our segments in 2021. So hopefully, this helps you see why we are excited with the
potential for the company to create significant shareholder value in 2021 and beyond.

Thank you and I will now turn it back to Jim.

James M. Loree
President, CEO & Director

Okay. Thank you, Don.

Like I said before, no one could have anticipated the ups and downs and the twists and turns this year
would take, and it looks like it's going to be a great outcome. Well, look, we've covered a lot of ground
already, and so I'll just take a few more minutes to highlight our growth catalysts.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

The Craftsman brand rollout remains a key element of our growth strategy, and the surge in DIY, outdoor
and positive trends in e-commerce have further accelerated this opportunity. And by the end of the year,
we expect to deliver $900 million of cumulative growth from this program since acquisition and about
$100 million ahead of our latest plan. And with more Craftsman growth opportunities on the horizon, we
can reiterate our commitment to achieve the $1 billion revenue target 6 years earlier than we committed
during our initial acquisition announcement. We can now start to evaluate how much further we can
go beyond $1 billion over the course of time, especially with the potential addition of outdoor power
equipment through MTD.

The MTD opportunity gives us an option beginning in the middle of the next year to acquire the remaining
80% of one of the great American outdoor power equipment companies in an all-in multiple that will be
in the 7 to 8x EBITDA range. We continue to be encouraged by their product development pipeline as
well as their progress on improving profitability. That category is experiencing similar benefits from the
consumers' reconnection with the home, and we continue to be excited about the runway for growth
by leveraging brand, technology and channel synergies. This combination has the potential to generate
significant shareholder value by expanding our presence in this $20 billion-plus market. And everybody
understands how the pandemic has accelerated the consumer shift to e-commerce.

In Tools, we are the industry leader in this channel by a factor of approximately 3x, and we've been
working on it for 10 years, building e-commerce partnerships with major players all around the world.
Over that time frame, it has evolved from nothing to representing at least 18% of sales, up 5 points this
year alone. We're investing in new talent, digital capabilities and our brands, including the revitalization
of the Black & Decker brand, to capture this compelling opportunity. And we have the products. Despite
all the cost actions, we are continuing to invest in our product innovation machine, bringing new core and
breakthrough innovations to the market.

In Tools, we continue to strengthen our position as the industry leader in maximizing power output with
innovations like DeWALT POWERDETECT and FLEXVOLT ADVANTAGE. The extension of our innovative
ATOMIC and XTREME power tool platforms into new products and categories is providing more solutions
for users to expand their toolkits with the highest power-to-weight ratios available in the market.

And the societal obsession with health and safety that we're all experiencing right now has created
new opportunities for Security. Our transformation came at the right time as Security is leveraging
capabilities that have been developed during the last 2 years such as digitally proficient talent, technology
and partnerships to commercialize new solutions. These are products such as automated entrance
management with facility threshold controls, contact and proximity tracing and touchless stores for
commercial establishments that will begin to show revenue in 2021.

And taken together, these growth catalysts have the potential to generate over $3 billion to $4 billion of
revenue annually over a multiyear period. The shareholder value creation potential is compelling over
the medium to long term. And as for the short term, it was a remarkable quarter and one for the record
books. Despite the pandemic, we are running on all cylinders. The fourth quarter looks to be strong, as
Don pointed out, as well.

I want to thank you all for your interest and support as well as thank our Stanley Black & Decker leaders
and their associates for their commitment and effort as we look ahead to our next chapter, which we
expect to be a powerful growth story with significant margin accretion potential.

And Dennis, we are now ready for Q&A.

Dennis M. Lange
Vice President of Investor Relations
Great. Thanks, Jim. Shannon, we can now open the call to Q&A, please. Thank you.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first is question is from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

A bunch of questions. I guess I'll trust those behind me will ask the ones I don't.

I want to focus in on margins a little bit more, if we could, and just understand if there was anything really
unusual in the Tools margin in the quarter.

And then just thinking about what you're suggesting for organic growth, it looks like it would put Tools
revenues in Q4 similar, maybe up slightly from Q3. So maybe you could just give us a little additional color
on margins specifically in Tools & Storage in Q3 into Q4.

Donald Allan
Executive VP & CFO

Sure, Jeff. So yes, I mean, the third quarter margins, as we mentioned, were really outstanding at
21.5%. And there was nothing unusual in there or onetime in nature. It was really a demonstration of the
significant amount of costs that we took out very quickly back starting in March and April time frame of
this year. A lot of that was temporary, then we did a very quick pivot, if you remember back, in June and
July to convert a large portion of that to permanent cost actions and make it sustainable going forward
because we recognized the volatility of the situation. And we're really starting to see the benefit of those
cost actions flowing through the margins and maintaining our cost base at this level as we see the strong
top line growth and get outstanding operating leverage as a result.

And let me just be clear for those of you wondering if we're just cranking up the plants and that's resulting
in some unusual benefits to margins that's not the case. The way that, that accounting works, it actually
gets hung up on your balance sheet for almost 6 months, and you don't really see that benefit till later on
down the road. So we're not seeing that benefit because I know that's probably a question some of you
have. It's really just what I mentioned, it's really focused on the cost actions we take and -- we took and
the benefit of operating leverage associated with that.

On the organic growth part of your question, yes, I would say we're probably looking at a similar Q4 to
what we just experienced in Q3 for Tools and, frankly, for the company as well overall. And we'll see how
that plays out. We've got a great start to the fourth quarter. We really feel positive about the performance
in the month of October. But we also know that in the fourth quarter, the heavy revenue months are really
-- the biggest one is October and then the beginning of November is pretty strong, too. So it's great to
have that start at the beginning of the quarter.

Operator

Our next question comes from Deepa Raghavan with Wells Fargo Securities.

Deepa Bhargavi Narasimhapuram Raghavan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I'll stick with the margin theme here, too. Don, you noted Tools & Storage margins have stepped up
higher. Can you talk about how much of that structural lift in margin sticks over the medium term? That is,
how much higher than the 17% T&S margins we should be expecting on a go-forward basis here?

Also, a quick clarification on 2021 margin resiliency measures of $100 million to $150 million. Will that be
pulled only if things deteriorate versus your plan? Or will that be layered in irrespective?

Donald Allan

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Executive VP & CFO

Sure, Deepa. So on your first question, the -- we really are very focused right now on how do we take this
step change in margin rates for Tools and do our best to make a large part of it sustainable. And I really
think when you see the Q4 result, and actually when you do the math and you start to think through the
models, you're going to see that the margin rate in Q4 is going to be, although not as high as Q3 because
we do have a normal tick down due to some holiday mix factors that occur in the fourth quarter, but still it
will be around 20%. It'll be a very strong margin rate for the fourth quarter for Tools & Storage.

When I think about going forward into next year, we are now looking at this business as being a very high-
teens margin business, and we want to be able to maintain that going forward. And so that's our view at
this stage.

And they will exit the year around 18% for the full year for margins, and we would expect them to
continue to be somewhere between 18% and 20% next year barring any unusual things that -- or
headwinds or things like that, that we're not expecting at this stage.

As far as margin resiliency, that -- we're going after that number no matter what. So these are things
associated with Industry 4.0, commercial pricing excellence, some of the plant moves we're doing around
the world to streamline our operations, et cetera. And so we will aggressively go after that $300 million
to $500 million over the next 3 years, $100 million to $150 million for 2021. And so it sets up a nice
contingency if we need it. And as I said in my script, if we don't need it, it'll help us either make some
investments or have an outperformance or a mix of both.

Operator

Our next question comes from Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley.

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I'll just shift over to growth and, Don, one comment you made about the lack of contemplated inventory
replenishment. I know we're kind of talking about percentages of percentages given that it's really just a
phenomenon that's present in U.S. retail. But I think some of Jim's earlier comments dating back to other
points in the third quarter suggest there's maybe 4 or 5 weeks of inventory that could use replenished at
some point. My math would say that on the totality of Tools & Storage, that's still kind of a mid- to high
single-digit percentage of any given quarters of growth potential. Is that something that we see stretching
out here into the first half of '21? And is that kind of the right order of magnitude to think about what that
restock means in terms of segment organic growth?

James M. Loree
President, CEO & Director

Yes. The -- it's Jim. I know you directed it towards Don, but I feel lonely because everybody wants to talk
about margins and I'm not an expert on -- I mean, I know how to make them expand, but I'm not an
expert on the details of the margins. So I'll take that one.

And we've had a lot of customer contact with our partners who have these inventories that are not where
they want them to be. And the fill rates are not exactly where they want them to be, although I think
we're doing reasonably well in relation to their typical suppliers. So there is this replenishment of -- and
I think you're in the right zone, about 4 weeks or so of inventory that we would all -- customers and
us would all like to replenish, but keeping up with the POS at the levels that it's at right now is really a
challenge. So yes, I think you've got it right in the sense that it's not going to be solved in the fourth
quarter and the customers are very, very clear about it must be solved in the first quarter. And we hope to
be able to do that and to fulfill their needs. Thank you.

Operator

Our next question comes from Julian Mitchell with Barclays.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

And apologies, Jim. Maybe one more question on the margins. So looking at it from maybe 2 parts, I
suppose.

In 2021, understand that -- the margin resiliency and the carryover sort of net of temporary actions. But
should we expect much in the way of things like outright new selling costs coming back or R&D perhaps
stepping up? Or are those sort of all included when you talked about a reinstatement of actions?

And also, beyond '21, broad thoughts on incremental margins in Tools. What do you think your entitlement
is there when you consider competition, the channel but also your margin resiliency efforts?

Donald Allan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I would say that if you look at the back half of this year for Tools & Storage margins, we're clearly
benefiting from some amazing operating leverage that most likely we will not get that magnitude of
operating leverage next year because we will do some of the things you mentioned. We will continue to
invest in growth, and so we may not have 21.5% or 20% margins like we're going to have in the back
half of this year. But we believe we're going to have margins that, as I said, are somewhere between 18%
and 20%. So pretty robust margins as we make some of those investments, which means our operating
leverage will still be very, very strong, probably somewhere between 30% and 40%, leaning to more
towards the 40% next year and pretty robust.

And so I think we've positioned our cost base. We're positioning our manufacturing footprint as we
continue to make changes to that as well as expand some capacity in certain areas around distribution and
manufacturing to allow us to make sure that we continue to have that type of leverage as we're able to
benefit from the significant growth environment, which has the potential to continue for much longer than
the first 3 to 6 months of next year. We'll see how that plays out and whether there are certain factors like
a U.S. stimulus and other things that continue to drive that type of performance.

But there's a lot of activity, as you know, focused around the home that Jim touched on and e-commerce
as well. And so we're really trying to prepare ourselves for that type of environment that may continue for
maybe 12 to 18 months. And as a result, I expect to see very strong margins throughout next year in the
range that I mentioned.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Rehaut with JPMorgan.

Michael Jason Rehaut
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I just wanted to get a finer understanding on the promotional sales shift, number one, in Tools & storage.
The -- looked like it was -- you're expecting another 4 to 5 points of growth in the third quarter, but now
that shifts into the fourth quarter. However, I'd be surprised if you were -- say, excluding that, if that
normal shift had occurred or the sales were in September, I'd be hard-pressed to say you would be looking
for a mid-single-digit organic growth range. So I just wanted to try to understand how that kind of works
through. And also, if it has different -- if those sales have different margins being promotional sales.

And lastly, I'd just love to get some additional comments in terms of the growth opportunity you see for
the company over the next couple of years in e-commerce.

James M. Loree
President, CEO & Director

I'll take the latter part of your question, and Don will take your -- the former part.

Donald Allan
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Okay. So yes, so the -- if we go back to the Tool shift from Q3 to Q4, about 4 to 5 points, as I mentioned
and you mentioned as well, so yes, when you think about the dynamics of what's happening in the fourth
quarter, we're getting a really strong surge here in October. Some things had shifted from the month of
September to October. And when you look at the performance for the full quarter, it's going to be a similar
type of result as what we experienced in Q3.

So if that 4 to 5 points had shifted into Q3, we'd be kind of looking at a mid- to high single-digit
performance in Tools & Storage for the full quarter. But that factors in a lot of different things. You have
to recognize that although POS in North America is strong, and we're assuming it's somewhere between
kind of mid-teens to low 20 percentile, other things are -- the growth is deselling in certain parts like the
European markets, the emerging markets. We saw some inventory kind of stocking and restocking in
those geographies that will not repeat itself here in the fourth quarter. So although we'll see growth, it
won't be of the same magnitude we saw there.

And then we still have some portions of the business that are retracting, although retracting at slightly
lower percentages than what we're seeing -- what we saw in Q3. We still have that as a factor as well. So
when you pull that all together, that's kind of how you get to that net result at the end of the day. Jim?

James M. Loree
President, CEO & Director

So on e-commerce, obviously, we're very excited about this topic because when it was not very popular,
we were kind of a couple of yards and a cloud of dust, just workmen like going after it, building it, 0 and
-- almost 0 in kind of 2010, and today we're knocking on the door of $2 billion in e-commerce. And the
profitability is good. It's not something that you can worry about negative mix. The profitability is good.
The cost to serve is actually reasonable vis-à-vis other channels, and gross margins are excellent.

So today, we have a vast network of partnerships around the world with major e-commerce players, and
we're very pleased with that and proud of that, ranging from Alibaba to Amazon to -- and some of the
regional players and so forth. It's all B2B2C as opposed to D2C, which is okay for us. It's worked well. And
frankly, our competition has more or less shied away, have not really made it a strategic focus in general.
So we sit here today in a very good place with strength.

And so we're not naive to think that the competition is not going to jump in. Of course, they are. But we
are going to double down in this area and have already constructed $75 million worth of investments over
the next year or 2 to strengthen our position in e-commerce. And one of the big initiatives is the Black
& Decker brand revitalization. It's probably a little known fact, but the Black & Decker brand is -- plays
extremely well with the younger generations, and, of course, younger generations are the core of the e-
commerce growth in the future.

So with Jeff Ansell running this Black & Decker revitalization initiative in partnership with a major e-
commerce player in North America is kind of one of our elements of the strategy. And then we also
have significant investments in the core, so strengthening the core e-commerce that we have as well
with additional resources, additional focus on content creation and market development. And then also
initiatives, pretty significant initiatives in Germany, China and India, all D2C.

So areas where our share is not -- where we're underindexed, if you will, from an existing channel
perspective, going D2C in those markets because we have very little to lose, especially in China and India,
and really excited about this. I think e-commerce is going to be a major, major growth driver for many
years to come.

Operator

And our last question comes from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs.

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

So I wanted to maybe stick on growth for my one question. When you guys issued the -- your 8-K intra-
quarter and 3Q, I think you guys were calling for high teens T&S growth and recognize the promotional
activity was 4 to 5 points. And so I was wondering if you can maybe just elaborate what else changed
relative to your expectations earlier in the quarter.

And then specifically, I've heard you call out international decelerating in inventory levels. Just any more
color around that specifically would be helpful.

Donald Allan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I would say that when we did the announcement back in late August, we said Q3 for Tools, we see
kind of a high teens performance for organic, and we talked about the reasons for why it's different.

We also communicated that we expected Q4 to have kind of low single-digit growth. So we're indicating
that the back half would probably grow somewhere around 7%, 8%, in that range. We're now looking at a
back half that's going to grow around 10% and potentially a little bit better if some of the trends continue
here in Q4 that we saw in October.

So we're seeing a better growth profile for the back half of the year in total versus what we thought about
1.5 months ago or so for the Tools & storage business. And a large part of that is the continued strength
of North American retail and what we're seeing there with POS. And although we do have some deselling
in Europe and so the growth number will be lower but still very good versus Q3 because Q3 was pretty
robust and kind of mid-teens number for growth, we'll probably see something that's closer to half of that
in our European markets. And that factors in some of the inventory stocking that we saw in Q3.

So the things that have really shifted are that we were able to recognize how much inventory was
built in our customers throughout the third quarter, and there was a significant amount in some of the
international markets and very little in the North American retail channel. And then here in the fourth
quarter, we see the dynamic of not having -- as I said, we're not really putting any inventory build in
the fourth quarter. At the end of the day, could there be a little bit in the North American retail channel
when we're done? Maybe, but it's probably going to be pretty modest, to the point that Jim made when he
answered this question earlier.

The bigger part of the adjustment is going to happen in Q1.

Operator

This concludes the question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Dennis Lange
for closing remarks.

Dennis M. Lange
Vice President of Investor Relations

Shannon, thanks. We'd like to thank everyone again for calling in this morning and for your participation
on the call. Obviously, please contact me if you have any further questions. Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

