AT&T Inc. NYSE:T
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, October 22, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.76

0.76

Revenue  (mm)

41553.43

42340.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-21-2020 7:18 PM GMT

0.00

1.89

0.75

3.16

3.20

44118.44

169492.62

171368.13

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.87

0.85

0.79

0.76

0.89

0.84

0.83

0.76

2.30 %

(1.18 %)

5.06 %

0.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
AT&T INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Amir Rozwadowski
Senior VP of Finance & Investor
Relations

John Joseph Stephens
Senior Executive VP & CFO

John T. Stankey
CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Brett Joseph Feldman
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

David William Barden
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Douglas David Mitchelson
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

John Christopher Hodulik
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Kannan Venkateshwar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Michael Ian Rollins
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Philip A. Cusick
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Simon William Flannery
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

AT&T INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the AT&T Third Quarter 2020 Earnings
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Amir Rozwadowski, Senior Vice President,
Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Amir Rozwadowski
Senior VP of Finance & Investor Relations

Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter call. I'm Amir Rozwadowski,
Head of Investor Relations for AT&T. Joining me on the call today are John Stankey, our CEO; and John
Stephens, our Chief Financial Officer.

Before we begin, I need to call your attention to our safe harbor statement, which says that some of our
comments today may be forward-looking. As such, they're subject to risks and uncertainties. Results may
differ materially, and additional information is available on the Investor Relations website. And as always,
our earnings materials are also available on the Investor Relations page of the AT&T website. I also want
to remind you that we are in the quiet period for the FCC spectrum Auction 107, so we cannot address any
questions about that today.

With that, I'll turn the call over to John Stankey. John?

John T. Stankey
CEO & Director

Thanks, Amir, and good morning, everyone. I hope you're all healthy and doing well, and thank you for
joining us this morning. John and I are going to keep our comments brief so we can spend more time
taking your questions. So let's start with Slide 3.

First, our industry-leading network is the driver of our strong wireless customer counts and our healthy
broadband and enterprise trends. Our high-quality network underpins our connectivity business and our
commitment to customers. Ookla last week ranked AT&T #1 for having the fastest nationwide 5G network.
And for the seventh quarter in a row, we won the overall fastest wireless network, and we're named
fastest wireless network for iPhones in the third quarter. J.D. Power last month named us tops in customer
satisfaction for residential Internet service in every region we offer that service.

The Net Promoter Scores we're achieving with our fiber product are materially better than cables and are
helping drive increasing penetration rates across our markets. I'm really pleased with the great execution
from our AT&T Communications team, led by Jeff McElfresh, under some really challenging circumstances.

Second, the transformation of our business continues and is on track with how we set this up for
you a year ago. The organization has been working to reduce costs, streamline distribution, remove
redundancies and simplify processes and support functions. Our focus is supporting added customer value
with an improved customer experience. Accordingly, these efficiencies are being plowed back into growth
in our market focus areas.

And third, we're committed to further strengthening our balance sheet and maintaining our deliberate
capital allocation. We've made material progress this year with our debt management while generating
solid free cash flow to support our dividend. John will provide more detail, but you're seeing a sharply
focused capital structure that is strong, resilient and efficient.

We also have a very pragmatic view of the broader economic picture and the COVID-driven challenges
we face in some segments, particularly WarnerMedia. In a COVID environment with a tough theatrical
business, we made important organizational moves that further position us for growth in direct-to-

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

AT&T INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

consumer streaming. Through the pandemic, we continue to invest in HBO Max and continue to grow
total HBO and HBO Max subscribers. I'm pleased with how the WarnerMedia team is responding to a
challenging environment.

In closing, we recognize that we have more work to do in executing on our vision and earning the loyalty
of our customers and investors. I believe this quarter shows we've taken the first few steps in the right
direction, but there's more opportunity ahead.

With that, I'll turn it over to John to quickly review the details of the quarter.

John Joseph Stephens
Senior Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. As John said, during the third quarter, we made progress on
our business priorities, as you can see in our subscriber gains. Wireless growth was stronger than we've
seen in quite some time. We added more than 1 million postpaid subscribers, including 645,000 postpaid
phones. We also saw solid growth in AT&T Fiber subscribers with more than 350,000 fiber net adds. And
our HBO Max activation base more than doubled in the first full quarter since we launched the business.
We now have 38 million U.S. HBO Max and HBO subscribers and 57 million premium subscribers globally.

Our cost transformation continues on track. We're already seeing savings achieved from benefit
efficiencies and organizational alignments. Our focus on refining our distribution is also paying off. We
shifted some stores to third-party dealers, closed others, and we've also been able to streamline our
customer experience, especially our digital sales and simplify processes.

We've been very deliberate in managing our debt and focusing on our cash flow. So far this year, we have
refinanced more than $60 billion of debt at historically low rates with about $30 billion of debt coming due
through 2025. This has lowered our near-term debt maturities, giving us ample financial flexibility in the
years ahead. We now expect free cash flow of $26 billion or higher with a full year dividend payout ratio
percentage in the high 50s.

Slide 6 illustrates the success we've had this quarter in our market-focused areas. As mentioned, postpaid
phone adds were strong. A big factor was postpaid phone churn of 0.69%, our best ever. Prepaid churn
was less than 3%, and Cricket churn was even lower than that. Improved postpaid churn was driven by
the strength of our network and straightforward pricing plans, including our premium unlimited plan,
which includes bundling HBO Max.

Penetration rates for AT&T Fiber are also growing as you can see on the chart on the lower left. We're on
track to grow our fiber base by 25% this year, adding 1 million new subscribers.

On the upper-right chart, HBO Max continues to scale. We've overperformed on our initial target of 36
million domestic HBO Max and HBO subscribers for this year. All of this is before we launch our AVOD
product in the U.S. next year and before we begin our international deployment of HBO Max, also planned
for next year.

As you can see in the premium video chart on the lower right, we continue to make good progress in
moving to ratable share losses in our pay TV business, consistent with our share. This is a big step toward
what we told you to expect as we exited 2020.

We are focused on high-value subscribers as the industry transitions to over-the-top, which has helped
improve churn. The introduction of AT&T TV has helped, particularly in our broadband footprint.

Let's now take a look at our consolidated and segment results, starting with our financial summary on
Slide 7. Cash flows continue to be strong even during the pandemic. Cash from operations came in at
more than $12 billion, and free cash flow was $8.3 billion.

Adjusted EPS was $0.76 per share. That included COVID impacts from incremental costs and lost
revenues. Combined, COVID had a $0.21 impact to the third quarter EPS, which we did not adjust for.
Adjustments for the quarter included $1.2 billion of debt redemption premiums associated with our debt
management activity in the quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

AT&T INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Revenues were down $2.2 billion from a year ago, including an estimated $2.8 billion of lost or deferred
revenue from COVID and foreign exchange pressures. Foreign exchange had a negative impact of about
$300 million in revenue, primarily in our Latin America segment.

Adjusted operating income was about $8.2 billion, which included the impact of COVID and shift of TV
productions in sports to the third quarter. Lower revenues were partly offset by expense reductions.
Adjusted operating income margins were down 280 basis points year-over-year but would have been up if
you exclude COVID impacts.

And we continue to invest in our growth areas. CapEx was $3.9 billion, and gross capital investment was
$4.5 billion, a difference attributed to the timing of vendor payments. And we invested about $600 million
in HBO Max in the quarter and are on track with full year estimated investment of $2 billion.

Let's now look at our segment operating results, starting with our Communications segment on Slide 8.
Our core businesses continue to show their resiliency. In Mobility, in addition to strong total postpaid and
postpaid phone net adds, we saw a strong demand for data connected devices. We had 730,000 total
smartphone net adds, both postpaid and prepaid. Prepaid had a solid quarter with 245,000 net adds, with
131,000 of those phones. Bottom line, we're encouraged by our wireless market positioning heading into
the fourth quarter, traditionally the busiest season for device upgrades and people moving to unlimited
plans. Total wireless revenues were up year-over-year, thanks to growth in equipment revenues.

COVID impacts came from international roaming as well as waived data overages and late payments.
Without the roaming impacts alone, service revenues would have had a healthy growth. Roaming also
impacted EBITDA margins, which were down slightly even with much higher sales.

We're pleased with AT&T Fiber net add momentum. We're on track to add 1 million subscribers this year,
and the mix shift to fiber has helped stabilize broadband revenues.

Premium video losses were improved sequentially and year-over-year, thanks to lower churn and our focus
on high-value customers. The decline is a significant improvement over prior year trends. We continue to
drive ARPU growth in both video and IP broadband. In fact, premium video ARPU was up more than 7%.
Business Wireline turned in another solid EBITDA quarter. EBITDA was up year-over-year, and margins
expanded by 130 basis points despite legacy revenue trends.

Let's move to WarnerMedia and Latin America results, which are on Slide 9. The COVID impact is most
evident in our WarnerMedia results. Theatrical and TV production is ramping back up, but theaters remain
closed in many parts of the country. Altogether, COVID had an estimated $1.6 billion revenue impact on
WarnerMedia in the quarter.

Sports resumed in the quarter, and programming and production costs associated with the shift of sports
into the third quarter impacted expenses. At the same time, sports had a favorable impact on advertising
revenues.

HBO Max continue to scale nicely driven by strong wholesale activations. We are also pleased with
consumer engagement, which is up nearly 60% from what we saw with HBO NOW.

WarnerMedia's reputation as the industry's highest-quality storyteller was again reinforced, with it
leading the industry with 38 Primetime and 15 News and Documentary Emmys. We also saw subscriber
turnaround in our Latin America operations. We added more than 400,000 subscribers in Mexico and
200,000 subscribers in Vrio after both showed a COVID slowdown in the second quarter.

Latin America revenues continue to be challenged by foreign exchange, slow economies and COVID. But
even with this, Mexico EBITDA improved year-over-year. And Vrio continues to generate EBITDA and cash
flow on a constant currency basis.

Now let's go to Slide 10 for an update on our capital structure. Our cash flows continue to be resilient,
even with the pandemic. That allows us to invest in the business and comfortably pay for our dividend
while also paying down debt. Free cash flow was $8.3 billion in the quarter and almost $20 billion year-

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

AT&T INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

to-date. In fact, we've reduced net debt by more than $30 billion since we closed our Time Warner
acquisition a little more than 2 years ago.

We continue to be active in the debt market. With interest rates at historical lows, we have been
aggressive in refinancing our debt maturities and lowering our coupon rates. As you can see on the bottom
chart, our near-term debt obligations have changed significantly since the first quarter. We have reduced
debt maturities by almost 50% over the next 5 years. This has extended our average debt maturity, which
is a good place to be with rates this low. In fact, we have lowered our average interest rate on debt to just
under 4.1%, with the lowest coupon rates we've ever seen. That gives us financial flexibility, not just for
today but going forward as well.

In fact, we ended the quarter with nearly $10 billion in cash on our balance sheet. The $500 billion of
assets on our total balance sheet also gives us ample opportunity to continue to strengthen our cash
position by monetizing noncore assets. We expect $3 billion of previously announced asset sales to close
before the end of the year, including CME, which actually closed last week, and our Puerto Rico wireless
properties, which we expect to close by the end of October.

Amir, that's our presentation. We're now ready for the Q&A.

Amir Rozwadowski
Senior VP of Finance & Investor Relations
Operator, we're ready to take the first question.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

AT&T INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John Hodulik from UBS.

John Christopher Hodulik
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Okay. Great. Maybe on the subscriber side, obviously, solid results really across the board and especially
in wireless. Is there anything you guys could point to that really drove the gross add improvement that we
saw on a year-over-year basis and the better churn? And do you think those results are sustainable?

And then also on the fiber side, John, you've talked about repositioning the company around wireless
fiber and software entertainment. How should we think about the footprint expansion of your guys' fiber
network? I mean obviously, you grew a lot in the -- with the requirements for DIRECTV. But how should
we look at that over the next few years?

John T. Stankey
CEO & Director

So first, on the subscriber side, I think the answer is it's hard work and really good work. This is
something that's been in the making for a period of time, where the team has been focused on a variety
of different strategies, and I'm not going to point to any one thing. I think we've done a number of things
very well, including reengineering our distribution. We have a much broader approach to distribution today
and a more effective approach in terms of the efficiency of what it's bringing in. You heard John address
some of that in his comments.

We have been very, very focused on making sure we get value to our right customers, and data has
helped us do that. And some of the gain you're seeing is that we're being -- we're able to segment the
portions of the market that we think we have issues to address on a value basis and get the right kind of
dynamics out to those customers through the right kind of distribution.

That's working because we have been very deliberate over the last several years building a much higher-
quality network, starting with the FirstNet construct. And that higher-quality network has removed a
reason for customers to leave because they're satisfied with the service that they're getting on the
network infrastructure.

As COVID hit and the wireless networks became much more suburban-oriented than urban-oriented, our
strength in low-band spectrum, our literally undisputed strength in volume of low-band spectrum has
helped because the suburban experience is oftentimes a more distributed experience. And when you think
about penetrating inside buildings, you need low-band spectrum to do that. Mid-band is not going to do
that in a suburban environment and nor is millimeter wave, at least not anytime soon until density starts
to pick up.

And so we've been very focused on that, and we intend to be very focused on that moving forward. And I
would tell you -- I'll just answer it right now because I'm sure somebody is going to ask. Our promotions
that are out in the market and what we're doing with the iPhone launch is more of the same.

We have an incredibly valuable customer base. It's our most important asset for us to focus on. And when
we go in and we look at the data and we understand why that base elects not to stay with us, it's not
because of customer service or it's not because they don't like the network. It's because more often than
not, they see some enticement to go somewhere else. And that's usually a device offer or a belief that
they can't fine-tune their plan to meet their economic construct that they want.

And we're now in a position where we can address that. And this offer is going to attack that very point.
It's going to ensure that our very best customers, who many have been very loyal to us, these are original
iPhone subscribers that have been around a long time, are treated just like a new customer coming into

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

AT&T INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

our business. And that they can avail themselves of that opportunity and recommit to us for a very, very
long period of time.

And while we're getting to talk to them at that moment, we get an opportunity to chat with them about
buying up to unlimited plans, and we get an opportunity to move them up the continuum to our higher-
value unlimited plans that include entertainment. And so that's a win-win for us in that construct, and it
pays off economically.

Our base is less committed to contract than our competitors. We know that statistically. And part of this
is just simply ensuring that our base is sitting in a similar position to our competitors to make sure that
we can continue this record-breaking churn that we've set up. And that's a smart economic decision for
us. And it's a smart decision and positioning the brand with our customers. And so when we know we can
address the #1 reason why people are leaving us and do it this way, and we get that accretion that comes
out of buying up on the unlimited plans, getting them to the sticky entertainment, we think that's the right
place for us to be.

On your second question regarding fiber, my intent is to exit next year in a construct where we are gaining
subscribers, gaining share and growing the broadband business. And our footprint will be engineered to
allow that to happen.

Now we still have a lot of fallow fiber that we can sell into. You saw that this quarter. We're selling into our
existing footprint of a little over 14 million fiber homes, and we're doing it very effectively. And you heard
my comment about how much customers like the product. And that's one of the reasons we're having
great success, and we're going to continue to push in that footprint.

We've been adding fiber footprint, as we've talked about, slowly. We're going to pick that up a bit so that
we can make sure we're in a share gain position, and we're actually growing the broadband business as
we exit next year.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Phil Cusick from JPMorgan.

Philip A. Cusick
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

John, can you talk about priorities for next year? It sounds -- and you just said like you want to build more
fiber. Does that mean that CapEx needs to be higher? Or can you really source that out of wireless CapEx
coming down?

And it's great to see video losses were lower even after we normalize out the pledge customers. What
were the drivers of that improvement? And how does DIRECTV fit into the company's plans? Is there
anything you can say about these reports of a sale?

John T. Stankey
CEO & Director

So Phil, we're not giving our guidance on capital for next year at this point. I will tell you that we feel
comfortable that we can manage the cash flow equation effectively and do what I just said. I'm not
concerned about that part of it. We'll come out a little bit later this year, and we'll give you the guidance
and lay out those numbers for you.

But I feel really comfortable, if you kind of look at what's going on, and these customer counts certainly
help. I think you're aware, we're working really hard on the cost equation around here, and that's helping
us invest in some of the work we're doing in the markets.

We have a very different build in front of us than we've traditionally had. I think if you think about what
we've historically been doing on the fiber side, we've had to light up new central offices, kind of new
geographic areas, which tends to be a little bit more expensive. We have an opportunity to do some really
economic fill in and shorten the cycle from investment to cash that we can factor in on this.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

AT&T INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

And so we'll give you some direction next year, but I don't think you're going to see an appreciable change
in our trajectory as we go through this. And we'll fill in the blanks for you coming forward here.

On the video side, we've been focused on high-value customers. And so some of this, what you're seeing
is when we made the shift to kind of get out of the promotional dynamic, and frankly, others in the
industry got out of a promotional dynamic where the VMPDs decided to go to a first price that's a little bit
more reflective of their cost structure. That normalized a lot of things. We had to work through that for
a couple of quarters because it definitely impacts gross. But the gross that we're taking in right now are
effective customers, the ones we can make money on, and they're ones that are not just churning back
and forth. And we think that's a much better mix, and you're starting to see us work through that cycle a
little bit.

But look, I want to give a lot of credit to the team. As we've been clear on what our direction is, they're
focused on ensuring that we run the business the right way, and we've been a lot better at retention.

We have a better product in the market right now for those people that we can pair with broadband.
The AT&T TV product is a much more natural fit in terms of how customers want to use a pay TV service
today than the satellite product is. And when we compare it with broadband, which as you see, we've got
improved volumes on broadband, that helps our video business.

And so as we continue that momentum and we think about what we can do in the next year, that can help
the video business as well. I'm not going to suggest to you that it's anything but a mature business. It's
going to continue some degree of decline, but we told you we'd like to exit this year with our decline rate
looking more ratable to our share. And we're on that march to do that.

We're doing it by some tried-and-true approaches to how we should manage the base, how we should
manage our customers, what kind of service we should give them. And the team has done a really nice job
of kind of getting back to basics on that and doing the right things around it. And the final question, I'm
not going to comment on any speculation at this point.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Simon Flannery from Morgan Stanley.

Simon William Flannery
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Right on Warner, I wonder if you could just help us think about how things are progressing on the
theatrical -- the production for TV and movies. And how you're thinking about that evolving? And any big
changes you might have there in terms of how we should think about the future post-COVID?

And then a capital allocation question. I think, John, you talked about the importance of the dividend and
the track record of dividend growth. But it looks like you're not really getting paid for the dividend in the
current market. How do you balance that versus, say, buybacks? Obviously, you've got spectrum auctions
coming up, but leverage, deleveraging, you've addressed a lot of the near-term maturity. So love to think
about the priorities and how you think about order of preference there.

John T. Stankey
CEO & Director

So on the Warner side, the -- I'm breathing easier. I think everybody's breathing easier. That's probably a
bad analogy in the COVID environment. Feel much better about the restart of production. We exited -- to
kind of give you a rough idea, probably about 180 productions of some way, shape or form were underway
at February before the pandemic hit. And I would tell you roughly, probably -- I haven't looked at the
numbers in the last week or so, but I think we had about 130 productions up and running in some shape
or form last week.

So we're well back into that ramp back up. I don't think we have to get back to 180, by the way. We've --
there's some stuff we rationalized. But we're starting to figure out how to do this. We clearly have gotten
through most of the hurdles from a civic perspective where the geographies that we operate and produce

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

AT&T INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

in are working with us on what the constructs are. And there's no barriers to actually having the work
perform.

I think we've got the right guilds and unions squared away. We built in the right processes around testing.
We're far enough into and far enough along with work that's going on, where the confidence level of
employees is growing day-by-day that we can, in fact, protect the safety of individuals and still get work
done.

So feel good about where that's at. I think we're out of the woods at this point from being dead cold in the
middle of the pandemic to one where we feel like we can get hours produced and brought forward. And
that's going to help our products. I mean it's -- most importantly, it's going to help HBO Max.

Theatrical work is underway as well. We're doing the work for theatrical production. The question is, what
does exhibition look like? And that's still kind of one of these things we don't have great visibility on.

If we -- we've done some experimentation. We've tried a few things. I can't tell you that we walked away
from the Tenet experience saying it was a home run. I'm happy we did it. I think the team was incredibly
creative. I think we learned a couple things about what we can do. I actually believe that if theaters were
open nationwide, if California and New York were open, we have some latitude to be able to do some of
these geographic-specific releases and work through that. So maybe as we get to a place where there's a
little bit more consistent footprint, we can do some more.

I'd say the holiday season is going to be the next big checkpoint to see what occurs and whether or not we
can actually move some content back into theatrical exhibition. And we're going to have to maybe make
a game-time decision on that based on what's happening in different geographies and what's happening
effectively with infection counts in the country. We're still committed to want to try to put some of the
content that we think is the most important into a theatrical channel, if that makes sense.

Now at the same time, we're expecting this to be incredibly choppy moving into next year, and guidance
and direction we're giving you with the business takes that into account. We're not optimistic. We're not
looking that we're seeing -- expecting a huge recovery in theatrical moving into the early part of next
year. We're expecting it to continue to be choppy.

And as a result of that, we're having to evaluate all of our options and keeping them open. And the teams
kind of work in the A plan, the B plan and the C plan. And as we get through the next month or 2 and we
look at what's occurring, we'll call the cards on the A plan and the B plan and the C plan and kind of come
back to you. So that's kind of the best I can give you on where we are in restarting that.

The other thing that I would tell you that we have a little bit of lack of visibility on is if you think about the
broader media business is what happens with the sports calendar in '21. Clearly, we've seen the leagues
demonstrate that they can, in fact, put games on, and they can carry them through.

The timing of those and how many there are and exactly what transpires in '21 and where it falls in the
calendar is still a little bit uncertain. And until we have a little better visibility on that, it's hard to give
you exact views of what first, second, third, fourth quarter looks like next year. And I think in the coming
weeks, we'll probably get a little bit more clarity around that and be able to adjust the plans accordingly.
And we've demonstrated that we can, in fact, do the right things around producing those safely and selling
advertising into them. We just need to kind of see where the schedules shape out.

On the capital allocation question, I think the way you get paid is you probably execute consistently. And
so I'm well aware that right now, there's definitely a discontinuity in the yield versus what we're paying,
and I don't like that. I'm sure nobody else out there who owns the stock likes it. And I think the best way
for us to kind of address that is make sure that each quarter, we're delivering on what we tell you we're
going to do and doing it consistently. And ultimately, I think that problem probably takes care of itself.

But your point is a valid one in the meantime to ask about how we should think about things. And where
I've been and where I still sit is I think when we have visibility getting through the COVID cycle, we can
make those decisions on capital allocation. I think it's important that we can continue to manage the debt

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

AT&T INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

load down, and that's our first priority, to ensure that it isn't the discussion every time we sit down around
where this business is at.

We feel comfortable, as John indicated, that we've restructured it in a way that makes sense, that we can
manage this business and do the things we need to do to invest in growth. It's given us the space to do
that and make sure that we can, in a very disciplined fashion, pay it down. As we get through that, and we
have your confidence in that regard, and then we'll start looking at whether or not it makes sense for us to
do something different on the equity side.

I'd like to get some of this choppiness of COVID out of the way before we kind of move back into that
cycle, so that we can all be confident around what we think from an economic outlook perspective that
we're managing into. I have no question we can manage through this cycle and keep the equation in
check. I'm really confident of that.

When we get to kind of that discretionary capital allocation piece will be when I'm a little bit more
comfortable that we know what the game plan is for the '21 time frame. And I think we're getting a little
bit closer to being able to make that call. John, do you want to add anything on that?

John Joseph Stephens
Senior Executive VP & CFO

No. Simon, we've got the balance sheet, the debt towers, the debt maturities in really good shape. A lot
of flexibility, not only over the near term as we spelled out on the slides, but quite frankly, over the long
term. So we feel very good about that. The bond market has responded very well to it. We'll continue to
reduce our debt levels. But we've got a lot of flexibility going forward. And so feel good about that.

The one thing I'd say is this all starts with a cash flow number and the resiliency of our products and
services and the resiliency of our customers. And they continue to pay us on a timely basis for our
services. This is really, really important. That's the core of it when John talked about, when he's talking
about low churn, and it gives us a basis for all of this. So we feel very good about where we're going.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of David Barden from Bank of America.

David William Barden
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

So I guess, John Stephens, I guess this question is related to the guidance. So a couple of questions
around it. So at the beginning of the year, the math of kind of a low 60% dividend payout ratio was cash
flows in the kind of $23 billion to $25 billion range. Now it's north of $26 billion. And so can we talk about
some of the drivers of that?

What part of that is related to lower CapEx as a function of vendor financing? What are the cash tax
expectations that go into that? And what are the working capital expectations related to the iPhone
promotions that John Stankey was talking about earlier, kind of affecting that number and kind of the exit
trajectory into next year?

And then I guess you're particularly qualified to answer the other question, which is which we're getting
a lot, which is if there's a Dem sweep and the Biden tax proposal goes through, what does that mean for
AT&T, who is one of the biggest beneficiaries of tax reform under the current administration. How could
that change the cash flow outlook for AT&T?

John Joseph Stephens
Senior Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So first thing, David, let me go back on the cash flow side. It really does start with our customers.
And when we came out with our guidance for the year, there was uncertainty and lack of visibility with
regard to COVID, so we were careful and prudent with that.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

AT&T INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

It turns out, our -- and you can see it in the third quarter balance sheet, you can see it in the third
quarter results. Our collection rates have been very good. Customers, the resiliency of the products, the
appreciation for the service, we're getting paid on a timely basis and at very good levels. And so that's the
first point.

The second point is, across the board, there's been working capital efforts, whether it's managing
receivables, then managing payables, whether it's tax payments, that all has been done. Some of that
came out of the CARES Act with the benefits of, for example, deferring payroll tax payments or deferring
income tax payments that were allowed by the CARES Act. All of that's been taken into account.

I think we have a history of being very focused on working capital and focus on cash flow. When we come
back to it, though, the resiliency of the products and services, the growth in mobility, the growth in fiber,
the strong performance of HBO Max is all leading us to a better revenue stream situation such that we feel
really comfortable about going to that $26 billion or better number.

Now there's still uncertainty. And so there's not a specific number we can pay. And quite frankly, we'll see
how sales go and the working capital impacts of the iPhone launch. Feel real good about that. But that's
the basis from where we came up to it. All the pieces you mentioned are a part of that. You can look at
the disclosures in the -- for the third quarter and the 10-Q to kind of get some of the specifics that you're
asking about. Wait until those are out. But those are all taking it into account.

Feel good about dividend payout ratio in that 50s, high 50s rate. And quite frankly, in a pandemic year,
that's pretty remarkable. It's really as good as it's been in probably 5 or 6 years. So it's really a sign of a
strong balance sheet and a strong business.

On tax reform, quite frankly, the rate issue is obvious, and it's the increase in the rates could cause tax
payments go up. It's also a little, quite frankly, the impact on bonus depreciation, the incentive for CapEx.
We are certainly one of the larger, if not the largest capital investor in the United States that generates
a ton of jobs for our employees as well as for our suppliers' employees. So we're watching that carefully.
That's probably a significant issue for the overall economy as well as for any individual company's tax
treatment.

Likewise, if you look at it over the last 20 years, that's been supported by both parties, whether it be
Democratic or Republican, this incentive to invest. So we'll continue to follow it, and we'll continue
to follow the, quite frankly, the infrastructure reforms and whether they decide to include any of the
broadband activity in there and whether we can -- that would fit within our efforts to expand our fiber
base and expand our footprint. Thank you, David.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Brett Feldman from Goldman Sachs.

Brett Joseph Feldman
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I'm actually going to follow up on something that John was just sort of alluding to. Because you talked
earlier about the opportunity to drive higher penetration of the 14 million homes passed with fiber that
you have already. But this might be a slightly outdated statistic, but I think there's something like 60
million customer locations in your landline region. So you're maybe only passing 25% of them today
with fiber, which would imply you could meaningfully expand the availability of your fiber product in your
addressable market if you were to sort of step on the gas there.

So what are the conditions that would encourage you to meaningfully expand that fiber footprint? Does it
have to be something on the policy side? Or are there operating items you have greater control over such
that you'd be willing to meaningfully increase the fiber-related CapEx?

John T. Stankey
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

AT&T INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Brett, it's a good question. Thank you. I would tell you this. Obviously, the policy in the country where
it stands right now is attractive for investment in infrastructure and attractive for investment in fiber.
And we think we've had the right kind of formula around that. And I would expect that if there is a new
administration, there may be a lens put on that. They may want to put their pen to how they want to
tweak it. And certainly, there's some broader things that need to be done in this country. Addressing some
of the more hard-to-serve areas and the digital divide dynamics that make that a worthwhile thing for
people to have discussion on.

I would tell you, I don't think we need policy to get better. We just need to ensure that the policy doesn't
whipsaw back to some place that is inconsistent with incenting investment and infrastructure. Because I
believe, right now, there is, to your point, a large incentive for people to go and continue to put money
into infrastructure investment. And we would be one of those to do that.

I think good things come from that when we do it. We employ a lot of very meaningful middle-class jobs
that pay people well. They come with benefits that allow them to do great things in their lives and better
their families' lives. And I think everybody, from a policy perspective, would look at that and say, that's
the exact kind of jobs we want. They're the ones that are good for this economy and good for people and
have all the characteristics that nobody debates. We want to see the American worker experience.

What I would say from a perspective of step on the gas and what we are working on internally and what
I've had the team focused on is our company is in a very unique position of anybody that we compete
with in our competitive set. We serve everybody from the smallest residential customer up to the largest
corporation and everything in between. And we run, to your point, Brett, one of the largest footprints
that still has customers that want to connect to the network on a fixed basis. And so we should be in a
very unique position for every trench foot of fiber that we put in the ground of putting more traffic on that
fiber and monetizing it more effectively than anybody else, given the breadth of the customer base that
we serve and the footprint that we serve, the retail mix that we have as well as the very robust, fixed
wholesale mix that we have in serving others' infrastructure.

And my belief -- not my belief. I know that as a company, we probably have not squeezed the lemon
out of that juice quite enough. And what I am trying to drive this business forward on is getting much
more artful in our engineering to ensure that every trench foot of fiber that we're putting in, we are
serving every segment we can serve as effectively as we can, and we're not looking at our investment on
a customer segment by customer segment basis, but we're looking at it as a trench foot of fiber that we
put in that has a bunch of different access technologies that hang off the end of it. Sometimes it happens
to be a millimeter wave site. Sometimes, it happens to be a big cell tower with 4 occupants on it that we
sell wholesale into. Sometimes it happens to be a strip mall, where some of those customers want to be
served with a fixed connection, and some can get by with simply having a credit card reader attached to a
wireless network. And sometimes it's a single-family household.

But we can be the best at doing that. And when I am confident that we are actually engineering and
executing in that fashion, I will step on the gas with a way that I think everybody will look at it and say,
those returns are so darn good. Why wouldn't you do that?

We've done really well on our investments thus far. Our consumer broadband business is a good business.
Our wholesale infrastructure business is a good business. Our private network business that goes to the
enterprise customers is a good business. But we're at this moment where fiber is the juice behind every
single network that serve this notion of wireless versus fixed is blurring more and more. The millimeter
wave dynamic will drive to the integrated fiber network, and we should be the leader in that space. And
when I'm confident that we're engineering and operating that way, then I will be very, very robust in how I
think about funding our business to do that.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Kannan Venkateshwar from Barclays.

Kannan Venkateshwar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

AT&T INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

A couple if I could then. Firstly, I mean, when you think about the fiber business, I guess the growth at
Verizon yesterday, growth that you guys reported today, and then we also have some forward-looking
guidance from the cable companies, which also demonstrates strong growth today. When we look at the
overall broadband market, the penetration rates don't have a lot of room to grow overall across the entire
market, but everybody is growing really fast.

So I guess could you give us some color in terms of what the growth source is if it's not coming from
others in the industry? Is it things like people moving into vacation homes or a different level of
occupancy? So if you could give us some color on the growth sources, that would be very helpful, and of
course, the sustainability on the back of that.

And secondly, I guess -- and the NFL is in the midst of negotiating all their rights. Could you give us some
sense of what your priorities are with respect to sports rights and how you view that going forward?

John T. Stankey
CEO & Director

Hey, Kannan. So look, first and foremost, we are a share taker, and that's where a lot of our growth
comes from. I think we've characterized for you that when we are 36 months into penetration on the fiber
infrastructure we put in place, we move nearly 10 share points. And that's -- we don't do that often in a
product. And that's one of the reasons why I think if we're smart about how we deploy more fiber and do
it the right way, we think there's a strong economic equation here.

And when you have a product that's perceived as being a better product from the customer base, and I
shared that with you in my opening comments about what our Net Promoter Score metrics are for our
subscriber base, that's a good place to be. That's what helps it. And certainly, one of the dynamics that
has helped the performance and the perception of our products in the COVID environment is we all sat
around for a number of years talking about what is the killer app that drove upstream demand. Because
we knew the Achilles heel of certain networks that have been built was restricted upstream bandwidth.

Look, the answer is a pandemic. And the reality of everybody moving to home and sitting on video calls
all day, all of a sudden, upstream bandwidth has become pretty important in homes. And fiber, given its
symmetrical characteristics is great. And the dynamic around that, I think, has been incredibly helpful,
and I expect that our share growth and our opportunity to do well will come from the symmetrical nature
of our architecture that we put in place.

And then you can go through a whole bunch of other things that help it out, which is attractive bundling.
You've got a great wireless product that goes with it. You have an SVOD product that sits on top of it that
makes it attractive. All those things help our market effectiveness, and we can get even more market
effective if we have a little less of a patchwork in our fiber footprint.

And it's what I said earlier that you shouldn't think about the next incremental homes we add as being
similar to the previous homes because we're now filling in areas where we already have people trained.
We have a marketing presence. There's some footprint that's in place. The core central office equipment
is already there. So you're literally just having to string fiber and connect it to infrastructure that's already
there. And the investment-to-revenue return interval should be shorter. And so those are all good things
around that.

And then I would finally tell you, look, I disagree with you. I actually think there's a lot of unconnected
households. There's a lot of unconnected apartments. There's a lot of unconnected single-family homes
in certain geographic areas of the city. That's why we have a digital divide problem. If you go into South
Central Dallas, you're going to find a lot of unconnected living units that are there. If you go into urban
Los Angeles, you're going to find a lot of unconnected living units that are there.

I believe some of these architectures that are coming out and frankly, if policy gets right, that you can
open up some of these places for growth. The Universal Service program gets reformed into an effective
fashion, which I think it's time that from a policy perspective in our country, we should look at that, it
makes fixed broadband more affordable. Then people who have made the utility decision to only have
wireless in their household because it was good enough now may decide they want to go into the robust

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

AT&T INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

area of streaming and distance learning and choose to invest. And we have architectures now with
things like millimeter wave that many instances could probably give different price points, attract those
segments of the market that have been out of the fixed business with a good enough or reasonable
enough broadband offer that I think also has some growth over time.

On the sports side, I think I've said before, and I don't think my point of view changes, that sports content
is important to our linear business, our cable networks business to make sure we have enough of it that
sustains that business and keeps it an attractive, must-have offering, an offering that our customers want
to have in that cable bundle. And we've invested in a way to make sure that, that's the case, and we like
our properties.

We like our engagement with the NBA. They're a great partner to work with, the demographic on the
sports, great. They're flexible in their approach to things. I think our agreement with Major League
Baseball allows us to adjust as viewership dynamics change over time, which is important because I think
we're going to see platform distribution dynamics change over time. And they've been a good partner
around that, I think will be a good partner moving forward. I think college and what we do with the NCAA
and the tournament is just kind of one of those things that culturally is relevant. And I think our mix is
really good in that regard.

I don't see going deeper into sports is the direction for WarnerMedia. My view is we need to be -- partner
at the right amount, but our goal is not to become known as the sports company. And so I think we've
been pretty disciplined around where we choose to get into it. We need to have the right amount in our
portfolio. We feel pretty good about where we are about that. And I think that's probably enough.

And in the near term, our goal is to continue to get ourselves into a position where our on-demand
platforms and our new distribution platforms, SVOD and AVOD, are scaled. And our strategies on that
right now are general entertainment content. And you'll probably see, as we move through AVOD, maybe
we do some additional live work that we have coming forward that may not be sports centric. So more to
come on that, but that's our near-term focus as we move forward.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rollins from Citi.

Michael Ian Rollins
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Two, if I could. First, I was curious if you could quantify some of the cost-cutting benefits in the third
quarter and then size that opportunity of how it might flow through over the next 1 to 2 years. And then
separately, one of the responses to the pandemic seems to be an acceleration of companies going digital
and to software-based solutions. I was curious if you can unpack for the Business Wireline segment how
you think about those opportunities for AT&T to try to take advantage of that acceleration relative to some
of the risks you may also have from legacy revenue and any lagging cyclical impacts as companies try to
respond to the recession.

John T. Stankey
CEO & Director

Yes. So Mike, let me -- I'll take the second part of that, and then ask John to maybe round out the first
part of your question.

So managing through the wire -- the legacy wireline issues in our business segment, that's not anything
new. In fact, I think I'd like to kind of declare we're on the downhill side of that issue.

My point of view on what matters to our business, subscribers moving forward, is great connectivity and
great infrastructure. And more and more, it's a mix of what they need for their core networks matched
with what they need for their wireless services. And not an insignificant part of our strength and our
subscriber numbers have come from us marrying those 2 things together.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

AT&T INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

We're doing much better in the wireless space on customers that we sell other network to. And I believe
we have opportunity to do more. And it gets back to my point of view of where we put our fiber and how
we deal with the mid-market and how we connect mid-market to the core fixed infrastructure that they
need to use for major parts of their business and marry it to the reality that all businesses are mobile in
some way, shape or form right now. I think that's our sweet spot moving forward, and that's where our
growth can come from. And that's where we have the team focused right now.

And so I think the play in business is a core connectivity play. It gets back to my comments that we are
in a very unique position, that if we put that fiber in because of the products and services that we have
on core, complex network connectivity that we do so well on with highly secure corporate networks,
whether they be midsized or large, plus then what you pick up in the smaller segment of the market
for unmanaged broadband connections that come off the back of that fiber mixed with our strength in
wireless, that's a winning combination for us. And that's where we should be focused. And in fact, that's
where we are focused right now.

And that's what the enterprise organization is spending their time and energy on and how we're equipping
our distribution, how we're setting up our distribution channels that both can sell wireless and basic fiber
connectivity into these areas. And that will be our meat and potatoes and what that business is built on.
And I think that there's nothing more complicated about it than that.

John Joseph Stephens
Senior Executive VP & CFO

John, let me just add. Mike, to your question, we added close to 400,000 nonphone postpaid net adds.
A lot of that were the kind of devices that business and education uses. And so we're seeing -- what you
are discussing, we are seeing that aspect in our postpaid numbers already. Additionally, we had about 4
million connected devices and other connections in the quarter. So what you're referring to is happening
today at different levels certainly of ARPUs, but we are very well connected.

And the last thing I'd say is on the FirstNet business that we have, a lot of the connections, the 1.7 million
connections we have, some of those are those connected devices as opposed to just the phone aspect of
it. So it's happening now. We're responding, and I feel good about it.

With regard to the cost-cutting activities, let me just point out, we set a target of about $6 billion or we
talked about that target last -- at the beginning of the year and in October on a movement forward. We
are continuing to work towards that goal. We've seen some immediate benefits already, and John referred
to it: our review of our distribution capabilities, our push towards digital, which is a more streamlined,
simpler approach, improving the quality of that. The team has made great progress that customers are
happy with, realigning our stores. We have the opportunity that we had, through state mandates, well
over 1,000 stores closed that we made. And I think we had a timing opportunity to adjust that and to shift
some of that to authorized agents at a lower cost, relocate and close some stores to be very efficient.
That's going on.

We told you before that we had virtualized close to 75% of our network activities. We're continuing to do
that. I can tell you in my finance organization, we probably have on the new company combined, have 125
or so systems we use. And we've got a plan now to take out and reduce, combine, consolidate probably
2/3 of those, and we're starting on that.

So those are the kind of flavor of the items we're doing. We're confident we're going to get there over
the next few years. We've already gotten significant amounts of it through our organizational alignment,
through our benefit efficiencies, but you can believe that we'll continue to do that.

The best point I can make to you on these 2 things is these 2: We're in the middle of a pandemic. We
added 1 million postpaid customers in mobility. We had significant impacts on our roaming, and our
EBITDA was essentially flat. It does that because you do really good cost controls. I could tell you that
same story on our Business Wireline. And look at those results, and their EBITDA actually grew and
margins grew. That's from these transformational efforts really taking hold and the team really doing a
good job.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

AT&T INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

I can't give you specific dollar amounts by categories. I have those, but we're not disclosing those. We're
just working through this whole process. We've got a lot more work to do, but the progress so far is
encouraging.

Amir Rozwadowski
Senior VP of Finance & Investor Relations

Great. And we have time for one last question, operator.

Operator

Okay. That question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson from Crédit Suisse.

Douglas David Mitchelson
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

For John Stankey, a few questions bundled together. I know the HBO Max initiative is a big initiative for
you. If you can update us 5 months in on learning so far, engagement churn, the like. And if you can give
us any context you're willing to around the international launches next year. How much of the world will
be launched? And you mentioned the advertising-based service. I'm not sure if you're prepared to discuss
how that will be different from the existing HBO Max.

And then tailing onto that, if you don't mind, could you carry that into the state of play for the pay TV
bundle, given that, in theory, the HBO Max initiative puts pressure on the pay TV bundle but over at
DIRECTV and AT&T TV, you're trying to hold the bundle together? Do you see accelerating cord cutting in
the future from the current 5% decline level across traditional and virtual MVPDs, given what you're doing
and what you see in streaming across the industry? That would be helpful.

John T. Stankey
CEO & Director

Sure, Doug. Let me see if I can kind of tick them off. So on Max, I would say, absent the pandemic, the
game has played out much the way we expected it to play out. The piece that the pandemic has put
a little bit of a struggle on is it's -- the customer acquisition game is an originals game. The customer
retention game in SVOD is a library game.

Our library is performing incredibly strong relative to our customer base. In fact, we've shared with you,
we had an objective of how many minutes a day we wanted a customer to engage with Max. We've well
exceeded our expectations on that, and it's on the strength of the library. And the best part about that is
it's largely our owned library, what we already own the intellectual property on. It's not what we're leasing
from others. I think in our top 10 library shows right now, there's one leased piece of content, maybe 2
that make it into the top 10. The rest is our own intellectual property.

So the pandemic put us in a tough spot on originals. We didn't have the funnel. We were running
the market and the pandemic got in the way with it. We couldn't finish a lot of the work that we had
underway. It's that stream of new originals that allows you to kind of grow the customer base, and the
team has done a really good job at doing that. I mean I'm not disappointed. We're well ahead of what our
initial plans were that we laid out for you a year ago in October. But nonetheless, we know we probably
could have done better if we have the right kind of lineup of robust originals that we had originally slated.
And that will now start to ease as production picks up.

So I would say everything is about where I expected it would be. There's some usability issues on the
platform that we'd like to improve on the user interface. We made conscious decisions to launch with those
to get time to market. Is software being written to improve those? And will you see every 45 days a new
release coming out that will make the product even better, and customers will see that occur? Yes. But
that's just part of maturing and scaling a product, and I feel good about the ramp. And once we think
we've got those things all in alignment and have the right content, it's a good question to ask if -- should
customer acquisition pace increase. And I think we'd all like to see that happen when the formula is right.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

AT&T INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

On international, as we've shared with you before, our focus right now is on Latin America and certain
parts of Western Europe. And so that's where you will see the focus in '21 as we roll out. Those teams are
mobilized and working on that now. And just like we had a domestic U.S. launch, the same thing has to be
put in place in all of these countries to move forward. The subscriber counts that we gave you in October
were consistent with what we thought would be our international gains coming from those regions, and we
are still holding by those and have no reasons to be in any different place than we were before.

AVOD will be an important feature add on because many of you write about the price point of HBO Max,
which I will still maintain, given the premium content as recognized by our performance recently in the
Emmys, that there are many customers that want quality and they want to be able to go in and see
something that has some depth in it, depth of seasons, and we offer that. And as a result of that, there's
a segment of the market that's willing to pay for noncommercial-driven, high-quality content. But there's
a segment of the market that probably wants a lower price point. And AVOD not only allows us to broaden
the offering, the amount of content we put on the platform, but allows us to hit a different price point and
attract different segments of the market in as a result of that.

We think that will be an important market expansion capability for us in accelerating our ability to attack
different parts of the market. And frankly, it allows us to think differently about how we use other products
and services on the platform when you can use both subscription and advertising to support it. So it's a
really important, strategic issue for us to have an ability to use advertising and a scaled advertising play
as a means to offer other products and services.

And then your last question on the pay TV bundle. I don't know what the cord-cutting rate is going to
be over the next couple of quarters, so to speak. I expect that we saw a little bit of an uptick. I think a
lot of that was driven by what I suggested earlier, which is when the virtual MVPDs got out of a highly
promotional pricing game, there's the segment of the market that backed out at that point. We saw a little
bit of that step-up as a result of it.

I've said before and I still maintain, there's a certain number of sports-consuming households that are
going to be the stickier households in the pay TV bundle. That when we kind of get down to that 55
million, 60 million household range, we're probably going to see a little bit of a plateauing as a result of
that. That doesn't mean that the bundle stays the way that it is. I think there'll be a number of channels in
the bundle that probably fall away over time, and it gets a little bit thinner.

But from my point of view, the reason we're doing HBO Max, and one of the reasons that we expected
walking in, is we want to be where the customers want to be. And we're focused on building a platform
that's relevant for the next decade. And we have a great opportunity to pick those customers up, to have
a great opportunity to have both a subscription and an ad-supported platform that we manage and we
control, that we have a direct relationship with the customer on where we not only do the distribution, but
we own a large amount of the content that the customer is interfacing with. That is a good place for us to
be strategically over time, and we're leaning in to do that.

And I'm more in tune with that being important to us and having a great and growing broadband business
that complements it. And that's whether it's broadband by fixed or mobile, that's where our business
needs to be, and that's the focus on what we need to do going forward. So with that, Amir, I'm going to
wrap it up here, and I think we're done taking questions.

First of all, thank you all for joining in today. I hope that you see that the business is demonstrating
that they're working hard, and they're executing with some great team work. And that's yielded the
performance in the market that you saw here.

We're continuing to work on our efficiencies and our effectiveness. As John alluded to you, I think we're
demonstrating that we can yield those and keep the cash flows coming in the way we expected. And we're
plowing those strategically back into the market to make sure that we can continue to grow this business
and be competitive. There is no reason that a customer shouldn't choose AT&T, and it's our job to invest in
this business in a way that we keep our customers with us, and we can grow our base, and that's what we
intend to do.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

AT&T INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

We'll be disciplined in our capital allocation as we move forward. We've done a great job in restructuring
our profile. And as a result of that, we're going to continue to support the dividend and reinvest those free
cash flows in a way that grow among those priorities I just talked about.

So it's a tough environment, but I think we're managing well. We've shown a great degree of resiliency. I
have confidence we're going get to the other side of this pandemic as we roll through next year. And we
have the wherewithal to do that in a way that we can continue to invest in our business strategically.

Thanks for being with us today. I hope the new format that we used today works for you. If you want to
give me some feedback, I'm certainly welcome to take it to the extent that you want to give me some
thoughts on that. Everybody stay safe. We'll see you next quarter.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and
for using AT&T TeleConference. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

AT&T INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

