Molson Coors Beverage Company 

NYSE:TAP
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, February 12, 2020 4:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.78

1.02

30.77

0.47

4.28

4.54

6.07

3.95

2480.33

2486.20

0.24

2260.06

10560.08

10579.40

0.18

10465.75

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-12-2020 12:42 PM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

0.58

1.65

1.51

0.52

1.52

1.48

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

(10.34 %)

(7.88 %)

(1.99 %)

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

FQ4 2019

0.78

1.02

30.77 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

3

 
MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Greg Tierney
Vice President of SP&A and
Investor Relations

Tracey I. Joubert
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Eric Adam Serotta
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Kaumil S. Gajrawala
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Laurent Daniel Grandet
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Sean Roberts King
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the Molson Coors Beverage Company Full Year and Fourth Quarter 2019
Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Participants can find related slides on the Investor
Relations page of the Molson Coors website.

Our speakers today are Gavin Hattersley, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tracey Joubert, Chief
Financial Officer. Please note this event is being recorded.

With that, I'll hand it over to Greg Tierney, Vice President of SP&A and Investor Relations. Please go
ahead.

Greg Tierney
Vice President of SP&A and Investor Relations

All right. Thank you, Andrea, and hello, everybody. So following prepared remarks from Gavin and Tracey,
we will take your questions. [Operator Instructions] To the extent that you have technical questions on the
quarter. We ask that you pick them up with me in the days and weeks to follow.

Today's discussion includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws.
Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations and projections
contained in such statements are disclosed in the company's filings with the SEC. The company does not
undertake to update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or
otherwise.

GAAP reconciliations for any non-U.S. GAAP measures are included in our news release or otherwise
available on the company's website at www.molsoncoors.com.

Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable
prior year period and in U.S. dollars.

And with that, over to you, Gavin.

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Greg. Look, 2019 was a challenging year for Molson Coors Beverage Company. However, despite
significant headwinds and continued volume declines, we grew net sales revenue per hectoliter and
improved our mix. We delivered strong free cash flow and cost savings, reduced our debt and started
making progress towards premiumizing and modernizing our portfolio. We know there's still a lot of work
to do. And that's why last quarter, we announced the plan to get Molson Coors back to consistent top line
growth. Plan is designed to streamline the company, allow us to move faster and to free up resources to
invest in our brands and capabilities. And as promised in October, we've wasted no time implementing the
plan.

Now to remind you, there are 5 components of the revitalization plan: investing in our iconic brands,
aggressively growing our above-premium business in beer and in flavored beverages, growing beyond
beer, strengthening our capabilities and streamlining our company.

So let me update you on some of the progress that we're making. We believe in the future of our core
brands because they have the power to recruit new legal-age drinkers, which is why investing in our core
is a key part of our revitalization plan. In the fourth quarter of 2019 in the United States, we released new
creative pieces in the Coors Light "Made to Chill" campaign and the Miller Lite "It's Miller Time" campaign,
and we've already unveiled more spots in 2020 as well.

The early results are positive. Additionally, global Coors Light performance was flat, reflecting its best
quarter in over 3 years and showing improvement in each of our segments. Miller Lite grew in all

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

segments, delivering high double-digit growth in Canada and had its best quarter in the United States
since 2014.

As we work to aggressively grow our above-premium business, we see progress in our above-premium
beer and in above-premium flavored beverages. Volume and NSR improved for the full year 2019 in
above premium with an acceleration in Q4. We will support this acceleration by providing more fuel to our
fastest-growing brands and new innovations in the above-premium space.

Last month, we launched new creative for Peroni in the United States, which grew strong double digits
in 2019 and presents a real opportunity for us in 2020. Belgian Moon continues to be one of our biggest
success stories in Canada, growing strong double digits in both the quarter and the year and delivering its
third consecutive year of growth. And Staropramen, our Czech lager, celebrated its 150th anniversaries
with volumes up high single digits on the year with strong momentum heading into 2020 as Q4 volume
and revenue grew double digits.

We have launched 2 big bet innovations in the United States already with Blue Moon Light Sky and Saint
Archer Gold. Light Sky is a low-calorie, low-carb beer brewed with tangerine peel. It's a great product that
pushes the Blue Moon brand into incremental occasions and consumers.

Saint Archer Gold is a premium light lager that offers a better-tasting alternative to Michelob Ultra as
proven by independent expert beer panel. We introduced consumers to Saint Archer Gold with a broad
media campaign that kicked off during the professional football championship game and showcases how
the brand is the better-tasting light beer.

Our Tenth and Blake portfolio again outperformed the U.S. craft market in 2019, growing 16% per AC
Nielsen versus a flat craft market. In January, we agreed to acquire Atwater Brewery, a regional craft
brewer in Michigan. It fills a geographic void, gives us distilled spirits capability and will help position our
craft portfolio to continue outperforming the broader craft market.

We're investing more in flavored malt beverage and white spaces that differentiate us and allow us to
reach more consumers. Building on our 2019 successes, in the United States, we will continue to invest
behind Cape Line sparkling cocktails, which were Nielsen top 10 growth brand for 14 consecutive weeks in
2019. And we are expanding La Colombe hard coffee to additional markets.

In Canada, we will continue to invest in Mad Jack, a popular FMB that was up double digits on the year.
And next month, we will launch Vizzy in the United States, a hard seltzer that offers differentiated
ingredients, which will help us carve out a meaningful space in the seltzer category.

And lastly, we're expanding beyond the beer altogether. This is a big shift, but it presents real growth
opportunities. In November, we announced an equity deal and long-term partnership with L.A. Libations,
an incubator of better-for-you nonalcoholic beverages. This investment essentially creates a new
nonalcoholic innovation team for the Molson Coors Beverage, something that we simply did not have
before.

Now I want to be clear, we are not looking to compete in the soda aisle with Coca-Cola and Pepsi-Cola,
instead we'll be selective about where we compete, always looking to leverage our unique strengths. Then
of course, next month, we're taking a definitive step into the wine category with a national launch of Movo
wine spritzers in the United States.

The organizational restructuring is well underway, and we are making progress towards our goal of
improving efficiency and unlocking an additional $150 million in annual savings, bringing our total
expected cost savings to $600 million over the 2020 through 2022 program. We have simplified our
structure from 4 business units and a corporate center to 2 streamlined units: North America and Europe.

In North America, our new organizational design is now set. All teams have been selected and people
are transitioning to new office locations. In Europe, we have announced all senior leadership changes
and anticipate completing the reorganization by the end of March. As part of our updated structure, we
have a new data and analytics team and are expanding and developing new commercial and operational
capabilities that will make us smarter and more efficient. We continue to estimate the cost of all these

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

changes will result in total onetime charges in the range of approximately $120 million to $180 million
spread over Q4 of last year, 2020 and 2021. Next quarter, we will report our financials under our new
operating structure.

As you can see, we are moving quickly to implement our plans, and we're starting to see glimpses
of transformation within our portfolio. Also the new structure is already providing greater clarity and
accountability. Teamwork has improved, and the speed of decision-making is substantially quicker. None of
this is easy, and it won't happen overnight. But the tough decisions we've made and the quick actions and
investments we are making will ensure the Molson Coors Beverage Company is built to succeed in today's
marketplace.

And now I'm going to hand over to Tracey for a review of the fourth quarter and full year as well as our
outlook. Tracey?

Tracey I. Joubert
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Gavin, and hello, everyone. I will first cover the quarter and full year on a consolidated and
regional basis and then move on to our outlook.

So to recap the quarter, net sales revenue increased 3% in constant currency. We delivered positive global
pricing and mix as well as a 1% increase in financial volume, including a planned benefit in the U.S. from
shipments exceeding brand volume as full year shipment volumes and retail volumes converged. Net sales
per hectoliter on a brand volume basis increased 1.1% in constant currency, reflecting continued favorable
global pricing and mix. Our Europe business continues to deliver strong NSR per hectoliter increases
driven by both pricing and mix.

In North America, we saw a sequentially lower increase in our U.S. business and slightly lower rates in
Canada. Remember, general price increases have largely shifted from the fall to the spring in the U.S. with
the most recent increase last spring. Our U.S. mix benefit was neutral in the quarter.

Worldwide brand volume decreased 1% and financial volume increased 1%, reflecting a planned benefit
in the U.S. as we shipped largely to consumption for the full year. Global priority brand volume increased
1.6%. In the U.S., brand volumes benefited from improving industry volumes. October 2018 was soft,
following a general price increase and improving premium light segment trends, as you heard in Gavin's
remarks.

Canadian volumes remained challenged in the fourth quarter driven in part by continued industry
softness. In Europe, our brand volume benefited from a broad-based improvement in industry trends and
continued premiumization. Our international business brand volumes grew double digits driven by strong
performance in Latin America.

Underlying cost per hectoliter increased 1.7% on a constant currency basis driven by inflation and mix
and partially offset by cost savings. The trend was significantly improved versus prior quarters primarily
reflecting fixed cost absorption in our U.S. business, resulting from shipment timing between quarters and
the stacking of onetime costs in our Canadian business from 2018.

Underlying MG&A decreased 6.3% on a constant currency basis due to a nonrecurring vendor benefit in
the U.S. and lower onetime incentive compensation expenses driven by the anticipated departures as a
result of the revitalization plan. These items together account for approximately 50% of the reduction
in MG&A. Additionally, our marketing spend was lower in the fourth quarter, reflecting a planned shift of
spending to support brand launches earlier in the year and align our marketing pressure with the key
selling seasons, particularly within Europe and the U.S. As a result, underlying EBITDA increased 15.8%
on a constant currency basis.

Recapping the year, net sales revenue decreased 0.6% in constant currency. We delivered positive global
pricing and mix, but this was offset by a decline in global volume. Net sales per hectoliter on a brand
volume basis increased 2.9% in constant currency, driven by favorable pricing and mix as we continue to
focus on premiumizing our portfolio.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

Worldwide brand volume decreased 3.5%, and financial volume decreased 4%. Global priority brand
volume decreased 2.2%. Underlying COGS per hectoliter increased mid-single digits, up 4.9% on a
constant currency basis, driven by inflation, mix and volume deleverage, partially offset by cost savings.

Underlying MG&A decreased 0.9% on a constant currency basis. Corporate underlying MG&A was $150
million -- $158 million, coming in below prior year and below our prior estimates driven largely by lower
incentive compensation expense and other targeted spending reductions. Marketing spend per hectoliter
was up for the year in each of our segments.

As a result, underlying EBITDA decreased 2.6% on a constant currency basis. Depreciation and
amortization expenses were $827 million, in line with prior year results but below our prior estimates
driven by later and lower-than-planned capital expenditures. Net interest expense of $273 million was
in line with our third quarter estimate. We delivered underlying free cash flow of $1.370 million, in line
with our estimates and 3.7% below the prior year, driven by lower underlying EBITDA and higher cash tax
payments, partially offset by lower capital expenditures, favorable changes in working capital and lower
cash interest payments. Capital expenditures of $593 million were lower than our prior estimates, driven
by savings and the timing of capital spending as we evaluated and made capital decisions to drive stronger
returns.

In 2019, we completed our 3-year savings program associated with the MillerCoors acquisition and
integration, delivering $230 million during 2019, and bringing our 3-year total savings to $725 million.
Cost to capture the savings over the 3 years were $208 million, coming in at the low end of our most
recent estimate of $230 million, driven by the addition and delivery of high-value, low-cost projects.

So this takes me to our financial outlook. We expect 2020 to be a transition year and anticipate net sales
revenue to be flat to down low single digits on a constant currency basis. We expect underlying EBITDA to
be down high single digits on a constant currency basis from fiscal year 2019 underlying EBITDA of $2.364
billion. Our estimated underlying effective tax rate is 20% to 24%. We expect interest expense of $280
million, plus or minus 5%. And we expect depreciation and amortization expense to be approximately
$850 million. We estimate capital spending of $700 million, plus or minus 10%; and underlying free cash
flow of $1.1 billion, plus or minus 10%, reflecting lower expected EBITDA performance as well as higher
cash taxes than in 2019. And as mentioned on our Q3 earnings call, we increased our total cost savings
program for the period 2020 through 2022 to $600 million as a result of the revitalization plan to be
spread more or less evenly over that period.

Now as a reminder, we are planning to reinvest these additional cost savings behind our brands and
other capability building. With the exception of costs that would qualify for special items treatment, all
other costs to achieve the $600 million in savings are included within our underlying EBITDA guidance.
Examples of special items included in the $120 million to $180 million of costs to achieve are severance,
retention and relocation costs associated with the revitalization plan. Accelerated depreciation and other
direct costs associated with the Irwindale brewery closure will also be reported as special items.

We expect 2021 and thereafter to deliver net sales revenue and underlying EBITDA growth versus 2020.
We intend to maintain our investment-grade credit rating. And as our full year 2019 trailing annual
underlying EBITDA has our current annualized dividend within our target range of 20% to 25%, we do not
anticipate the Board of Directors will change our dividend rate at this time.

The change in structure to 2 business units went into effect at the start of the year. Therefore, the
resulting financial reporting changes will be reflected in our first quarter 2020 results, including allocation
of corporate MG&A expense to our 2 business segments.

Now also please consider the following related items. Our estimate of 2020 EBITDA is unchanged versus
our estimates on October 30, 2019, in spite of a strong fourth quarter benefiting from onetime items,
shipment timing and the food spending as we refined our revitalization plan. Our business continues to
face a number of headwinds, including inflation. And we are committed to investing to improve our top
line performance.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

While we expect the full year's underlying EBITDA to be down high single digits on a constant currency
basis, we expect the second half EBITDA to be better than the first half for 2 main reasons. Our full year
increase in marketing investments will begin in half 1 as we launch new products and add support to our
premium brands, and the cost savings that we expect to realize in 2020 will be skewed to the back half of
that year.

In January, we announced the decision to close out Irwindale brewery. The associated cost savings are not
considered part of the revitalization plan but are included in the previously announced $600 million cost-
savings program for 2020 to 2022.
Now with that, thank you for your time and attention, and I'll turn it back to Andrea for Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Eric Serotta of Evercore.

Eric Adam Serotta
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Gavin, hoping you could give us a little bit of color on the seltzer and beyond beer strategy. Seems like
you're taking a very different path than some of your competitors in not extending your core brands. Is
there any thought to a Coors Light seltzer or Miller Lite seltzer? And what are you hearing from retailers
and distributors in terms of initial response to what you're showing them for Vizzy?

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Eric. Look, we believe that the seltzer category is here to stay. Let's be clear about that.
And Molson Coors plans to compete in this space aggressively. And we are going to have a multi-
pronged approach to attacking that space. Having said that, the key premise with our approach is to
drive incrementality by bringing a very clear point of difference to that of the competition. And as you
referenced, this year, we are introducing Vizzy, which we think does have clear points of difference with
the competition. It will be the first hard seltzer made with acerola cherry, which is a super fruit high in
the antioxidant vitamin C. And there's no reason to believe that this isn't going to resonate very well with
consumers, and particularly that 25- to 39-year-old male and female that choose to drink but are looking
for potentially better choices.

I'm not going to get into details of how much exactly that we're investing, but we've got a very robust
campaign that launches around the same time as Vizzy hits the shelf. It's going to include national TV. It
will have digital, social, out-of-home advertising and a very strong sampling effort. This is going to be our
biggest bet yet on our hard seltzer segment, which we think will reach a couple of billion dollars in sales
this year.

As far as the response from our distributors and retail is concerned, we've had an excellent response.
There is a lot of excitement and anticipation for this brand. So we're excited about it.

Eric Adam Serotta
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

And just to follow up on that, would you rule out -- you talked about a multipronged approach. Would
you -- and you have Henry's in the market, but would you rule out doing something with one of your
core beer brands? I know you've gone down that road in the past with things like Coors Light Summer
Brew but decided to stick true to the core product and messaging. Is that something that's on the table or
something that you'd rule out?

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Look, I think, Eric, just reiterating what I said, right, is we think that we need to have a clear point of
differentiation to our competition. And where we find a clear point of differentiation, we will drive into that
in a meaningful way. Our current is Vizzy, which is what we're going to put a lot of time and effort behind
it.

Operator

Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

So I guess, Gavin, I want to touch on just kind of the state of Coors Light, now that you've had the new
ad copy in the U.S. on air for a few months now and you've kind of gone through this process now of kind
of featuring your plans to retailers selling in for the summer season. So could you just give us a little bit
more color about how you feel about, not just how the copy has resonated with consumers and for the
brand, but also just as you're kind of teeing up merchandising for the summer months? Do you feel like
you're getting a little bit more reaction or support from your wholesalers and retailers behind the Coors
Light brand?

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Bryan. Look, I mean, the short answer is yes. We're getting a lot of support, a lot of excitement
behind Coors Light from our network. Certainly, the most since I've been in this chair and when I was
in the MillerCoors' chair as well, the "Made to Chill" platform is stronger. Results are strong. The brand
achieved its best quarterly STR trends since the first quarter of 2017. It accelerated segment share gains
in the fourth quarter behind the new creative, and we're going to invest meaningfully behind this platform
in 2020.

It's brought relevance back to the brand again. It's back in the lives of new legal-drinking-age consumers.
It's back in the cultural landscape, and its momentum is heading in the right direction, Bryan. And we're
just getting started. But the short answer to your question is yes, our wholesalers are very excited about
it.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank.

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Tracey, could you talk a little bit more about the targeted spend priorities for 2020? And just clarify, maybe
confirm that the cadence of those investments, specifically on the MG&A line, will more or less mirror
2019. I think that's what I heard, but I just wanted to clarify. And then relatedly, Gavin, I guess, for you,
what does success look like in terms of a top line response or maybe a market share response this year on
the back of all of the planned initiatives that you outlined versus to what degree may it take till 2021 or
beyond for these 2020 investments to show more of a cumulative return?

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks. Great. Thanks, Steve. Look -- Tracey, you can maybe take some of the G&A side. I'll just talk
about marketing. From a marketing perspective, we've got a lot of innovation and new news coming in
the first half of this year, Steve. So you can expect our marketing spend to be up-weighted in the first half
versus the second half. And as you -- I mean I know Tracey has given full year guidance on EBITDA, and
we're not going to give quarterly guidance. But I think just directionally, we're going to spend more in the
first half than we will in the second half.

We've already launched 2 big innovations Saint Archer Gold and Blue Moon Light Sky, and we've got 2
more big ones coming with Vizzy and with the national expansion of Movo. Obviously, innovation takes
a lot of work and a lot of effort and a lot of investment, and you don't necessarily get significant uplifts
on day 1. And so we don't necessarily expect that. But we do expect improvement in our above-premium
portfolio through these innovations.

A success for me, looks like what I've already said, right, which is we do expect us to be sort of flat to
down low single digits from a net sales revenue point of view. But we believe everything that we're doing
in 2020 is setting ourselves up for sustainable growth in NSR in 2021 and beyond.

Tracey, from a G&A point of view?

Tracey I. Joubert

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So just maybe to reiterate what I said in the script from a G&A, I mean, we are -- the G&A spend
is basically in the EBITDA guidance that we've given. A couple of things to think about as we look at half
year 1 and half year 2. First of all, as Gavin mentioned, our marketing spend is going to be up. That will
be sort of weighted more to the first half of the year as we invest behind our new product launches and
support our premium brands. And then from the cost-savings side, that's going to be skewed more to
the back half of the year and as we realize the savings related to the revitalization plan. And again, the
revitalization plan savings will be primarily in the G&A area.

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. I guess, Gavin, just to follow up on the definition of success question. There's a ton of new products
from yourselves, from competitors in the beer space, hitting the market right now. It's going to be a lot of
shifts on shelf and within coolers. Is your feel in aggregate that you're going to hold cumulative shelf and
cooler space in 2020 versus '19? Or do you expect to gain or maybe shed some of that? Just how are you
thinking about that?

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Look, I mean, I would be disappointed if we didn't increase our shelf space. I do think, though, that
there's going to be movements within that. So in large format, I think you'll see some of the slow-moving
lines in crafts and seltzers and some of the adjacencies like FMBs and ciders. We'll probably take some
losses to create new space for a lot of these innovations that are coming, particularly the growth of seltzer.
And initial indications would appear that the biggest loss is taking place with craft, which the assortment of
that has just expanded significantly over the past 15 years.

I think in small format, it's a little different. Seltzer is making aggressive inroads on distribution in both
single-serves and multipack. And I would say more space is probably coming from economy as well as
craft in less developed, which -- because craft is less developed than it is in large format. But again, the
short answer to your question is, I'll be disappointed if we didn't increase our shelf space with some of
the innovations that we're bringing. And certainly the indications from our retailers and our distributor
partners is that, that will hold true and we'll expand space.

Operator

Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira of JP Morgan.

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So I wanted to -- if we step back into the organization of the 2 main regions between the U.S. and Europe.
And is that a main strategy to give better visibility and empower the local teams? Or could you potentially
sell the business to fund M&A in seltzer? Or you want just to grow greenfield in that category? And just a
clarification on Gavin's comments about Vizzy. So for Vizzy -- so you believe that they'll -- which launches,
I believe, last month. So you -- I think I heard you say that the brand can reach $1 billion in sales. And so
if that's the case, what is the time line?

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

No. Sorry, Andrea. You misunderstood me there. I said the

-- what I meant to say was the seltzer category will get into the $1 billion as a category. I mean I would
be delighted if Vizzy did, but that's not what I said. I think the total category will be there.

As far as the 2 business units is concerned, we're obviously setting the European and North American
businesses up as stand-alone operations because we believe that strong regional leadership will be able

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

to make decisions much quicker. It will streamline decision-making. It will remove bureaucracy, which
perhaps slowed us down. It'll certainly make us more nimble and quick. And it's a very short distance
between folk that are asking for decisions and the actual decision-makers. So we think that having 2
separate stand-alone business units is going to make us much better as an organization, much stronger in
both Europe and in North America.

So we're actually already seeing the signs of that where we've been able to bring campaigns with some of
our global brands to market much quicker than we have in the past outside the Coors Light campaign in
the United Kingdom as a fine example of that. So we're particularly excited about the nimbleness of this
new structure will bring us.

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And in terms of capital allocation going forward, if you can kind of elaborate more. How do you see the
company like in 5 years?

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Well, obviously capital allocation is the critical decision that we make. But if you're asking me indirectly,
are we planning to sell Europe? The answer is no.

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Yes. I guess exactly indirectly and directly. And then in M&A seltzers, you believe that the decision to just
do it at greenfield is the best decision at this point?

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

We're very excited about the multipronged approach that we're using to attack the seltzer space, Andrea.
I think I said on our third quarter earnings call that we will have a string of pearls approach to M&A.
It's worked very well for us in the past, and we've had many more successes with the small bolt-on
acquisitions that give us capability and exposure to spaces that we haven't had. And if successful, and
we intend to continue along that path. We really did that in the fourth quarter with the large but minority
stake in L.A. Libations, and we have an agreement to acquire Atwater in the -- hopefully, the first quarter
of this year.

That's an approach that's worked for us. It's worked for us very well in Europe with a number of success
stories out there with Doom Bar and Aspall Cider and the repatriation of our Staropramen brand. So it
works for us and we're going to continue driving on that path.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala of Crédit Suisse.

Kaumil S. Gajrawala
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I'd like to understand a little bit more about your EBIT guide for 2020. It looks like Coors Light and Miller
Lite, at least sequentially, are showing some momentum. You've got considerable cost-savings strategy
and benefit next year. And then, obviously, also, you have some, I guess, onetimes in the G&A line this
year from incentive comp and this vendor benefit. So why do you then expect for kind of a similar rate of
decline of revenues to lead to quite a bit higher decline in EBITDA? I think this year, you'll end at EBITDA
down 4, on revenues down 2, roughly. But for next year, you're looking at revenues may be down 2, but
EBITDA high single digits with all of these things that seem to be going kind of moving in your favor next
year?

Gavin D. K. Hattersley

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Kaumil. Look, 2020 is a transition year for us. It's going to take time to get the $150 million of
savings out of the business. And we're implementing major actions that are fundamentally going to impact
our portfolio, and many of these actions are going to take time for us to impact the top line. I think I said
earlier on, innovations take time to scale, and spending more money on marketing doesn't necessarily
have a day 1 positive impact. We believe that the changes that we're making now, which are meaningful,
will set us up for success in 2021.

We're also taking very seriously the industry trends that we're seeing in Canada and the impact that
those trends are having on our overall business and the overall top line of our business. We're obviously
implementing the revitalization plan in Canada as well, and we'll be investing more behind those brands.
But Canada has been in decline for quite some time, and it's not a trend that we're going to be able to
reverse overnight. Having said that, we're working very hard to do exactly that.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy of Jefferies.

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Gavin, I wanted to come back to the investment question, maybe ask it a little bit differently. So obviously,
a lot of changes going on concurrently at the company, while a lot of investment is going into the
portfolio, particularly in the first half of the year. Can you give us a sense of how you're prioritizing these
investments? Is this continued sequential improvement in Miller Lite and Coors Light? Do you have
to establish some level of success in the hard seltzer category? I'd say the market view on that front
would be that the hard seltzer dynamic is a net negative for the company at this point, given some of
the demand source from the light beer category and the fact that the company has not really leaned in
real heavily at this point. Maybe just give us a sense of the top 3 things you really have the organization
focused on in order to deliver what you've messaged to The Street?

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Kevin. Look, I mean, it's not an either/or, right? It's a both and. We need to focus across our
portfolio, and we've been quite clear about the fact that our core brands in the United States, in Europe
and in Canada remain a very important part of our business. And so we will increase the spend behind
those brands going forward.

Having said that, the bulk of our increased spend will be in the above-premium space. We need, as I've
said, to fundamentally reshape our portfolio. We've done that successfully in the United Kingdom. We're
-- about 30% of their portfolio is now in the above-premium space. And if I recall correctly, Canada is at
about 20%-odd. And obviously, we've got a lot of ground to make up in the United States. And that's why
most of our investment, increased investment is going to be in the above-premium space and beyond beer
in the U.S.

To that end, we launched Cape Line in 2019, which was a top share gainer in Nielsen for -- I think it was
14 straight weeks. We've introduced Sol Chelada. We're introducing Sol y Limon (sic) [ Sol Limon y Sal ].
I probably pronounced that incorrectly. We've got Belgian Moon up in Canada, which grew strong double
digits. In Europe, we've made progress, and we'll continue to invest in above premium.

It's -- I think I answered the seltzer question earlier on. There's not much more I can say to that other
than that we're making a big bet behind Vizzy, and we're very excited about how it's being received by
retailers and distributors alike. We're expanding beyond the beer all with Movo.

I think the speed at which we are moving and the quantity of ideas that we're bringing to the marketplace
has energized our network as -- I haven't seen it this way for quite some time. So we've obviously got a
lot of work to do, but I'm pleased with the progress that we've seen across our portfolio.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

Operator

Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I just wanted to follow up a little bit on innovation again. And I was curious in particular about Blue Moon
Light Sky. I know it's quite early days, but turning around Blue Moon would take a -- be a pretty big step
forward for the above-premium portfolio. So it's a little bit off season maybe to be launching or to have
gotten that brand into market, but I'm just curious on early reads from that, what you're kind of seeing
the feedback on the taste profile? Is it bringing Blue Moon users back or drinkers back into the category?
Anything you could share there would be great.

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Lauren. Look, Blue Moon -- just to start at the top, blue Moon grew in 2019 globally. So very
excited about that just for starters. Secondly, we tested Blue Moon Light Sky extensively, and consumers
absolutely love the taste. It's a lighter, more sessionable beer that is going to really be complementary
and provide a halo effect to Blue Moon Belgian White. It's been in the marketplace for 2 weeks. The
reception from our distributors has been very strong. Their orders are meaningfully higher than what we
had anticipated, and we're obviously working very hard to make as much Blue Moon Light Sky as we can.
But I would caution you, Lauren. It's 2 weeks. But so far, it's being extraordinarily well received.

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

And how might you rank order the potential impact of like a Vizzy versus a Blue Moon Light Sky for this
year? Because you have on the one hand, leveraging an existing in very strong brand; and the other, very
strong category, but new-to-world brand.

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Yes. That's a great question. And obviously, I'm excited about all our innovation. And I'm not going to
handicap which one is going to turn out to be the best this year, Lauren. Time will obviously tell. But each
of them are unique in their own way. They're all attacking a different part of the segment. And best way
for me to answer that question is time will tell.

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. Great. And then just a follow-up on Canada. I know we talked about putting this having more of a
North America organization and the opportunity that gives you to leverage the marketing spend cross-
border, if you will. I was just curious if any of that started in 2019? So maybe it's a little of housekeeping.
But for example, like the Coors Light campaign that's been so successful here, is that in Canada yet? Or is
that still to come?

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Lauren, that is still to come. It's not in Canada yet, but it will be soon. So as far as the revitalization
plan is concerned, obviously, the restructuring took place with the U.S. business in the fourth quarter of
2019. But the Coors Light campaign specifically is still to hit. I'm pleased with the progress that the team
has made in aligning innovation and our global brands between United States and Canada in our North
American business unit. And I think you'll start seeing the impact of that as the year progresses.

Operator

Our next question comes from Laurent Grandet of Guggenheim.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

Laurent Daniel Grandet
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

I'd like to come back to the seltzer category but from a different angle. So it's great to see so many
growth initiatives coming from you, including a differentiated seltzer proposition. So now as the seltzer
category is expanding very fast and in many cases, at the expense of beer and light beer for the largest
part, I mean, what do you do to protect your core Coors Light and Miller Lite business? And if you -- any
effect, I mean, let's say, 20% of the $150 million revitalization plan on those 2 brands, it may prove to be
not enough. So could you please help us: first, I mean, how to better assess the impact of seltzer on your
core 2 brands? And two, what do you -- are you planning to minimize the risk here?

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Yes. A lot to unpack there, Laurent, but let me try and do that. So I would point you to the performance of
Miller Lite and Coors Light in 2019 when seltzers were exploding. And according to Nielsen, the trend has
continued of gaining share for those 2 brands for the last 5 years. Our performance on Miller Lite gained
its 21st consecutive quarter, and it actually grew STR volume in Q4 in the face of this seltzer trend.

So the brand is holding its own in the total category. In fact, it was pretty flat, not just in the premium
light segment, but in the total beer category. And as a combination, Miller Lite and Coors Light
outperformed the nomination of Bud Light, Michelob Ultra and Michelob Ultra Gold in terms of industry
share. So this notion that a lot of the seltzer volume is coming from premium light is not necessarily
supported by the facts that are underlying the Miller Lite and Coors Light's performance. Coors Light
gained segment share for the third straight quarter, directionally improved its performance, had the best
quarterly STR trend since 2017. So we believe that our marketing is resonating. We're going to put more
effort and money behind that at the same time as we are going to enter the seltzer category.

Operator

Our next question comes from Sean King of UBS.

Sean Roberts King
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I don't think you provided guidance for COGS per hectoliter into 2020. Any insights you can provide there?
And if you expect any easing pressure from aluminum given hedging positions?

Tracey I. Joubert
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So let me answer that, Sean. So for 2020, we've actually given both top line and bottom line
guidance, which is new this year. And so we didn't feel it was necessary to give the COGS guidance. We
thought top and bottom line was more helpful.

Having said that, look, our job is to manage our costs within those boundaries of top and bottom line.
And we do use -- we spoke about our robust hedging programs in the past, and we've got cost-savings
initiatives, which help us manage those costs. But we expect to still see ongoing commodity inflation going
into 2020, probably similar to what we saw in 2019. And yes, we will just manage that with our cost-
savings initiatives.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the
conference back over to Gavin Hattersley for any closing remarks.

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

Thanks, Andrea. Look, I know there may be additional questions that we weren't able to get to. So please
follow up with Greg and Tracey, and I look forward to talking with many of you as the year progresses. So
thanks, everybody, for participating on the call.

Operator
The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

