Molson Coors Beverage Company 

NYSE:TAP
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, July 29, 2021 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.34

1.58

Revenue  (mm)

2801.41

2939.40

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-29-2021 1:31 PM GMT

17.91

4.93

1.62

3.91

4.23

2894.90

10153.20

10452.63

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

1.02

0.77

(0.10)

1.34

1.62

0.40

0.01

1.58

SURPRISE

58.82 %

(48.05 %)

NM

17.91 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Greg Tierney

Tracey I. Joubert
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Laurent Daniel Grandet
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Nadine Sarwat
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Robert Edward Ottenstein
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Sean Roberts King
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

William Joseph Kirk
MKM Partners LLC, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the Molson Coors Beverage Company Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings
Conference Call. You can find related slides on the Investor Relations page of the Molson Coors website.
Our speakers today are Gavin Hattersley, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tracey Joubert, Chief
Financial Officer.

With that, I'll hand it over to Greg Tierney, Vice President of FP&A and Investor Relations.

Greg Tierney

Thank you, operator, and hello, everyone. Following prepared remarks from Gavin and Tracey, we will take
your questions. [Operator Instructions] If you have technical questions on the quarter, please pick them
up with our IR team in the days and weeks to follow.

Today's discussion includes forward-looking statements, and actual results or trends could differ materially
from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our most recent
filings with the SEC. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements.

GAAP reconciliations for any non-U.S. GAAP measures are included in our news release. And also, unless
otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior year
period and in U.S. dollars.

And with that, over to you, Gavin.

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Greg. Good morning, and thank you, everybody, for joining us today. Nearly 2 years ago, we laid
out the Molson Coors revitalization plan, a multiyear strategy to deliver the sustainable top line growth
that has eluded our business for many years, while at the same time, delivering sustainable bottom line
growth.

Under the plan, we have streamlined the company on reinvesting those savings to build on the strength
of our iconic core, aggressively grow our above premium portfolio, expand beyond the beer aisle, enhance
our capabilities and support our people and communities. We had a few doubters then and we had some
unexpected challenges since, from a global pandemic to severe Texas winter storms to a cyberattack in
our company.

But nearly 2 years later, we can say to those doubters with confidence that Molson Coors is on the path
to deliver sustainable top and bottom line growth. Our performance this quarter speaks for itself. I say
that because for nearly 2 years, we've talked a lot about the outputs of our revitalization plan, new
investments, new partnerships, new product launches and new campaigns. But today, we're able to start
talking meaningfully the outcomes from the revitalization plan, and that's an important shift.

In the second quarter, despite ongoing pandemic restrictions, we delivered the most top line growth of any
quarter in over a decade, and we nearly achieved 2019 net sales revenue levels on a constant currency
basis despite those pandemic restrictions during this quarter. I'm incredibly pleased with this progress, but
it's a strong indicator of what is yet to come through our revitalization plan.

Our progress was primarily driven by 3 things. First, it was driven by the fact that we delivered the best
brand mix in the United States since the inception of the MillerCoors joint venture in 2008. This significant
premiumization of our portfolio was led by the strong growth of our U.S. hard seltzers, where we doubled
our share of the U.S. hard seltzer segment in the second quarter. We took over as the global brewer with
the fastest-growing U.S. seltzer portfolio. And we recently passed another major brewer and are fourth

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

in total U.S. seltzer shares, we continue to move towards our goal of achieving a 10 share in the U.S. by
year-end. Those are outcomes.

We're also continuing to see strong traction with our Vizzy innovation. Vizzy's fast-turning new lemonade
variety pack helped the Vizzy brand gain almost a full point of U.S. share in the second quarter. And we
just added another new package to that family with Vizzy Watermelon, which has been a hit with retailers
thus far. Topo Chico Hard Seltzer continues to exceed our expectations in the 16 markets in which it's sold
in the U.S. The demand has far outpaced our original plans for the brand, and with supply improving, we
are now positioned to be more aggressive in marketing this brand. That is an outcome.

Outside of the U.S., our Canadian hard seltzer portfolio continues to perform very well. The combination
of Vizzy and Coors Hard Seltzer has earned more than a 50 share of the hard seltzer category with the
largest beer retailer in the country. Vizzy specifically has earned the #1 spot in the on-premise in key
regions like Ontario, and we're looking forward to fuel this momentum with Vizzy Lemonade, which
launched in Canada just a few weeks ago. That's an outcome.

In Europe, Three Fold in the U.K. and WAI Moment in Central and Eastern Europe continue to build
distribution and consumer awareness with a strong mix of brand advertising. The category is still
at an early stage, but we are well positioned to win share and develop our portfolio as popularity
around hard seltzers continues to grow. And while our fast-growing hard seltzer portfolio is driving our
premiumization, it's not alone. Madri continues to exceed expectations in the U.K. on-premise with
unprecedented consumer demand. And Pravha from the Staropramen stable of brands is performing ahead
of expectations in the Central and Eastern European markets beating initial estimates by more than 50%.

Our Latin America business, where our global brands primarily operate in the above premium price
segment, has exceeded expectations given the coronavirus pandemic throughout the region. Collectively,
for the first half of 2021, the region is exceeding brand volume levels for the comparable 2019 period
despite continued government-issued pandemic restrictions.

For example, our Puerto Rican operations, which had been in long-term decline, are currently growing.
Those are outcomes. In Canada, our Six Pints craft division is growing absolute volume despite its reliance
on the on-premise. In the U.S., Blue Moon LightSky was the #1 new beer item in 2020 and has grown
double digits this year, building off its strong base, while Leinenkugel Summer Shandy brand volume is up
10% year-to-date. Those are outcomes.

And in just a few weeks, the Yuengling joint venture will launch in the state of Texas, where distributor,
retailer and customer interest has been incredibly high. Product shipments begin next week and are
scheduled to hit retail by August 23.

The other factor that drove the best brand in more than a decade is a rationalization of the long, long
tail of our economy portfolio in the U.S. As we have discussed, in recent months in the U.S., we paused
production of a number of smaller low-margin, slow-moving economy brands and SKUs. This allowed us
to improve our brewing efficiency and stabilize inventories of our core brands, and it also premiumized our
portfolio and improved our margins, and we intend to maintain that higher level of premiumization and
service.

So after an extensive analysis of our business, we are meaningfully streamlining and premiumizing
our U.S. portfolio, discontinuing around 100 SKUs, including the elimination of 11 economy brands
altogether. This will improve supply chain flexibility for our more profitable priority brands, enhance our
innovation efforts, enable us to better focus resources and ensure dependable and on-time shipments to
our distributors.

Let's be clear, while economy brands have typically not been a focus of the investment community,
distributors who sell brands like Magnum and Mickey's Ice are going to feel it when they're discontinued.
So our local sales teams are partnering with distributors and retailers on a market-by-market basis on exit
plans and to identify swaps that make sense. So the headline is simple, premiumization is here to stay at
Molson Coors. We're going to invest bigger behind our fast-growing global hard seltzer portfolio, and we're

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

going to permanently streamline our smaller portfolio of legacy brands. We're excited about the progress
we're making, and we're not about to stop now.

Our top line growth was also driven by the strength of our core brands and the pace of the return to the
on-premise. Coors Light and Miller Lite again grew share of the U.S. premium light segment. With on-
premise accounts reopening in a big way across the U.S., the brands were at 97% of their total 2019 STR
volume in the second quarter. Coors Light specifically achieved its best half year share trend in 4 years,
and its U.S. STRs rose by 1.7% in the second quarter. At the same time, Miller Lite grew 3.2% in the U.S.
in the quarter.

In Canada, Coors Light has grown share with our largest retail customer for 4 straight quarters. Our top
line growth was also aided by the investments we have made in our beyond beer initiatives. Standing here
at the end of July, ZOA has already far surpassed our expectations for the entire year and its co-owner,
Dwayne Johnson, continues to amplify the product across his massive social media presence as well as
through a new TV campaign that debuted during the Olympics this month.

The RTD coffee market is estimated at $4.3 billion in 2021, and La Colombe has ranked #1 in the above
premium category. We're excited about the progress we are making and continue to have success with
distribution to large national and regional retailers in both the drug and convenience store channels.

Truss Canada, our joint venture with HEXO, has grown to more than a 50 share of the Canadian cannabis
beverage industry and now hold 7 of the top 10 SKUs in the country. And in the U.S., after starting in the
Denver Metro area, Truss U.S. has expanded distribution to other distributors and independent retailers
across the state, a strong vote of confidence in the joint venture's plan and in its brands.

As I said earlier, the results from the second quarter demonstrate that the revitalization plan is starting
to pay off. So we're going to continue investing in our business, in our people and in our communities
to continue driving the results we're starting to see. You saw that in the last quarter as we announced 2
new projects to increase our global hard seltzer production capacity. In Canada, we announced plans to
quadruple our in-house hard seltzer production capacity. And in the U.K., we announced plans to add a
new hard seltzer canning line in our Burton-upon-Trent brewery, while also upgrading our beer and cider
packaging facilities to drive efficiencies. Those 2 investments follow a similar effort last year to increase
our hard seltzer production capacity fivefold in the U.S. These investments will have long-lasting benefits
as we bring more production in-house and ultimately improve our profit margin. But the investments in
our business are not stopping there.

Finally, after more than a year of pandemic-related challenges, we're going to be able to more fully invest
behind our brands. Now what does that mean? While sticking in the U.K. for a moment, Three Fold hard
seltzer is backed by the biggest brand investment Molson Coors has ever made into a new U.K. category.
And you can expect to see a boost in our marketing spending over the second half of the year as well.
That's because markets are opening back up. Our local alliances are reactivating for the first time in over a
year, and our inventory will have recovered to a point that it makes sense to more fully invest behind the
brand marketing.

As important as that is, our success or failure as a company isn't entirely defined by our top line growth.
It's also determined in part by how well we support our approximately 17,000 employees and support
our hometown communities all around the world. That's why we directly engaged our North American
employees in what we call Project Justice, an effort we started last summer and have continued in 2021.
Through this initiative, we are supporting 33 organizations across the U.S. and Canada that are working to
create a more just and inclusive world. That's also why we're expanding our scholarship program for U.S.
college students of color, who are pursuing careers in fermentation and brewing sciences as we work to
bring more diverse voices to our industry. And that's why we're looking within our organization to improve
the representation of women and people of color across the biggest part of our business.

We also just released our annual ESG report called Our Imprint, with a refreshed strategy that focuses
on 2 key pillars: people and planet. From eliminating plastic rings in the U.K., to saving over 100 million
gallons of water annually through our Golden Brewery modernization project to the significant work we are

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

doing to support our people, we've made great progress against our goals. And stay tuned as we continue
our ESG journey.

We've had our share of challenges over the last several years, but that is changing. And today, the sign
is also the same thing, Molson Coors' future is bright and the revitalization plan is succeeding. We're
deleveraging our business. We've reinstated a dividend. We're thinking more consciously about how we
best support our people and the communities in which we operate. We're investing behind our brands.
We're reshaping our portfolio, and we're expanding into new spaces. Nearly 2 years into our revitalization
plan, our results are improving. We're going to put our foot even more firmly on the gas pedal as we drive
towards our sustainable top and bottom line growth initiative for this business. Tracey?

Tracey I. Joubert
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Gavin, and hello, everyone. We posted a strong second quarter, which exceeded expectations.
We continue to make real progress executing our revitalization plan, and we are starting to see the results
in our operating performance.

As Gavin noted, we continue to premiumize our brands and strengthen our core business, and our
improved financial flexibility has enabled us to invest in our business while continuing to delever our
balance sheet and to reinstate a dividend.

Now let me take you through our quarterly results in more detail and provide an update on our outlook.
Consolidated net sales revenue increased 13.7% in constant currency, delivering 98% of second quarter
2019 levels despite continuing to operate with varying degrees of on-premise restrictions. Consolidated
financial volumes improved 5.5%, outpacing brand volume growth of 3.1%, driven by higher Europe
volumes and favorable U.S. domestic shipments.

Top line performance benefited from on-premise reopenings in the quarter for most of our major markets
as well as strong global net pricing, positive channel mix and historic favorable brand mix levels in
the U.S. as we continue to premiumize our portfolio. Net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis
increased 5% in constant currency, driven by pricing growth, coupled with positive brand and channel
mix, partially offset by geographic mix given the strong growth in Europe and Latin America. This top line
growth was somewhat offset by inflationary pressures, which impacted most consumer product companies
as well as increased marketing investments as we continue to execute our revitalization plan.

Underlying cost per hectoliter increased 8% on a constant currency basis, driven by cost inflation including
higher freight and packaging costs. However, with robust hedging and cost savings programs, we have
been able to significantly mitigate much of the inflationary pressure.

MG&A in the quarter increased 25.3% on a constant currency basis as we cycle timing shifts and targeted
reductions to marketing spend in the prior year period due to the coronavirus pandemic. As planned, we
significantly increased marketing investments in the quarter, putting strong commercial pressure behind
our key innovations and core brands.

Underlying EBITDA decreased 1.3% on a constant currency basis but increased compared to 2019 second
quarter level. Underlying free cash flow was $558.2 million for the first half of the year, a decrease of
$238.2 million from the prior year period. This decrease was wholly driven by lapping roughly $500 million
in benefit in the prior year related to tax deferrals due to governmental programs and was partially offset
by favorable working capital and lower capital spend.

Capital expenditures paid were $212 million for the first half of the year as we continue to invest behind
capability programs such as our previously announced Golden Brewery modernization project in our new
Montreal brewery. Capital expenditures were lower in the first half of the year compared to the prior year,
primarily due to project timing.

Now let's look at our results by business unit. In North America, the on-premise channel accounted for
approximately 13% of our net sales revenue in the quarter compared to approximately 16% in the same
period in 2019. In North America, on-premise reopenings vary by market. In the U.S., our largest market,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

we continue to see progressive reopenings during the quarter and attained over 80% of 2019 levels as of
quarter end.

In Latin America, restrictions continue to ease, while in Canada, significant restrictions continue
throughout the quarter with on-premise volume about 1/4 of pre-pandemic levels.

North America net sales revenue was up 8.3% in constant currency, driven by strong net pricing growth,
positive brand mix in the U.S., favorable U.S. shipment timing and higher Latin America volumes. Of note,
U.S. net sales revenue exceeded the second quarter 2019 levels.

In the U.S., domestic shipment volumes increased 1.2%, outpacing brand volume declines of 4% as we
focus on rebuilding inventory following the first quarter supply disruption. The brand volume declines were
entirely due to economy, which was down double digits as we deprioritized certain noncore SKUs.

Our best premium portfolio was up double digits and our premium brands were up low single digits. In
fact, our U.S. above premium brand volumes reached a record-high portion of our portfolio compared to
any prior quarter since the creation of the MillerCoors joint venture in 2008.

Canada brand volumes declined 5.1%, while Latin America brand volumes experienced triple digit growth,
driven by strong core brand performance. Net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis increased
4.7% in constant currency, with pricing growth delivered across all geographies. The U.S. increased 6.9%,
driven by net pricing and historic levels of positive brand mix. While the intention decline in economy
was a contributor, about half of this record mix performance was due to growth in above premium, led by
innovation brands, including Vizzy, Topo Chico Hard Seltzer and ZOA. These positive factors were partially
offset by negative geographic mix resulting from the restricted trading environment in the higher-revenue
Canadian business and strong growth in Latin America.

Underlying cost per hectoliter increased 8.5%, driven by inflation, including higher transportation and
packaging materials costs and mix impacts from premiumization. Underlying MG&A increased 24.2% due
to higher marketing investments. We increased marketing investment behind core innovation brands and
we increased media spending behind our iconic core brands, Coors Light and Miller Lite.

Our U.S. media spend approached 2019 levels while local tactical spend was somewhat constrained due to
on-premise restrictions, which eased throughout the quarter. North America underlying EBITDA decreased
10.7% in constant currency as higher gross profit was more than offset by higher planned MG&A.

Europe net sales revenue was up 52.3% in constant currency driven by volume increases and positive
channel, geographic and brand mix due to on-premise progressive reopening, most meaningfully in
the U.K., given the reduced on-premise restrictions compared to nearly full lockdowns in the prior year
quarter.

Above premium brand volumes reached a record-high portion of our Europe portfolio. Europe financial
volumes increased 17.8% and brand volumes increased 15.4%, driven by a significant increase in U.K. on-
premise volumes.

Net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis increased 16.6%, driven by favorable channel,
geographic and brand mix, particularly from our higher-margin, on-premise-focused U.K. business as
well as positive pricing. Underlying EBITDA increased 189% in constant currency, driven by gross margin
impact of higher volumes and favorable channel, geographic and brand mix as a result of gradual on-
premise reopening, partially offset by higher MG&A expense.

Turning to the balance sheet. As of June 30, 2021, we had lowered our net debt-to-underlying EBITDA
ratio to 3.35x and reduced our net debt to $6.9 billion, down from 3.5x and $7.5 billion, respectively, as
of December 31, 2020. We ended the second quarter with strong borrowing capacity with no outstanding
balance on our $1.5 billion U.S. credit facility.

Turning to our financial outlook. We are again reaffirming our 2021 annual guidance originally provided on
February 11, 2021. While we are certainly in a better place than we were a year ago, it pays reminding
that uncertainty as it pertains to the coronavirus and its variants remains to varying degrees by market.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Now I'll provide some underlying expectations to provide some additional context for the balance of
the year. We expect to deliver mid-single-digit net sales revenue growth for the full year on a constant
currency basis. Building off the strong shipment growth in the U.S. in the second quarter, we continue to
work aggressively to build inventories to more optimal levels.

In the U.S., we expect on-premise trends to continue to improve as we lap restrictions in the prior year
period. In Canada, we are seeing gradual on-premise reopenings varying by province, which should
provide positive channel mix. In Europe, the U.K. should benefit from this full on-premise reopening July
19. However, the comparison is more difficult than it was for the second quarter given the on-premise was
largely opened for the full third quarter of 2020.

Our guidance also anticipates continued strength in our above premium portfolio, particularly hard
seltzers. Also, we expect continued solid progress against our previously discussed emerging growth 3-
year revenue goal of $1 billion against which we are tracking ahead of plan. We continue to anticipate
underlying EBITDA to be roughly flat compared to 2020 as top line growth is expected to be offset by
continued cost inflationary headwinds, but more significantly from increased investments to deliver against
our revitalization plan.

We intend to increase marketing investments to build on the strength of our core brands and support
successful innovation. As a result, we expect significant year-on-year increases in marketing investments
over the balance of the year and most notably in the third quarter.

We expect third quarter marketing investments to be higher than the second quarter of 2021 and also
higher than the third quarter of 2019 as we continue to ramp up supply following the disruptions in the
first quarter. Obviously, this will have an impact on our bottom line, particularly in the third quarter, but
this will strengthen the future of our brands.

Also, as a reminder, in 2020, our working capital benefited from the deferral of approximately $130
million in tax payments from various government-sponsored payment deferral programs related to the
coronavirus pandemic. We currently anticipate the majority to be paid this year as they become due.

Moving to capital allocation. We continue to prioritize investing in our business to drive top line growth
and efficiencies, reducing debt and returning cash to shareholders. First, we plan to continue to prudently
invest in brewery modernization and production capacity and capabilities to support new innovations
and growth initiatives, improve efficiencies and advance towards our sustainability goal. Second, we
have a strong desire to maintain and, in time, upgrade our investment-grade rating. As such, we
expect to continue to pay down debt and reaffirm our target net debt to underlying EBITDA ratio to be
approximately 3.25x by the end of 2021 and below 3x by the end of 2022.

Demonstrating our commitment to this goal, on July 15, we announced that we had repaid in full the $1
billion 2.1% senior notes that were maturing that day using a combination of commercial paper and cash
on hand. And third and also as announced on July 15, our Board of Directors determined to reinstate
a quarterly dividend on our Class A and Class B common shares and declared a dividend -- a quarterly
dividend of $0.34 per share. The Board made the decision to reinstate a dividend at a level that they
believe is sustainable and gives room for future increases as business performance improves. We are
proud of our operational performance in the quarter, which underscores successful execution against our
revitalization plan.

We are excited about the future of Molson Coors as we drive towards our goal of long-term sustainable
revenue and underlying EBITDA growth.
And with that, we look forward to taking your questions. Operator?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Rob Ottenstein, Evercore.

Robert Edward Ottenstein
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Gavin, I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit about what you've learned so far about the hard seltzer
market? Clearly, it seems that there's some issues with beer-branded trademarks. But at the same time,
you've got this proliferation of 700 brands or more that I understand. There's competition from various
ready-to-drinks. So love to get your thoughts on that.

And then also, I'd love to understand why you're not using the Vizzy trademark more in Europe and the
U.K., and that you feel that you need to have different sorts of trademarks there. So a lot of questions,
just really love to get your thoughts on what you've learned about hard seltzers and what's going on in
that segment?

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Robert. Look, I mean, we've always said that the growth rates weren't going to continue at the
elevated levels that they were and that others might have seen. So Robert, there's really no surprise to us
that this rate of growth slowed because the category was cycling last year's huge comps. And we've said
in the past that seltzers were a beneficiary of the on-premise shutdown because it had such distribution
exposure in the off-premise. And so as the on-premise is reopened, there's less distribution there. And so
this is not a surprise to us. I think we've been saying this for almost a year. We've also been saying for
a while, even if it's growing at 10%, 20%, 40%, there really isn't anything else in the beer space that's
growing that quickly. So it's good for the beer category and it's good for us.

In North America, in the U.S., we've got 2 very clear and differentiated winners from our point of view,
and we plan to continue our focus on Vizzy and Topo Chico Hard Seltzer. Now you referred to Coors
Seltzer, Rob. And I would say to you that Coors Seltzer up in Canada is actually doing really, really well.
It's already achieved double-digit share in some retailers. And it's -- between Vizzy and Coors Seltzer, it's
probably the most successful product launches that we've had for our company in 5 years up in Canada.

We do believe that there will be a shakeout in the near future as many brands struggle to succeed in the
crowded space. And while Vizzy and Topo Chico Hard Seltzer continued to accelerate, Coors Hard Seltzer
wasn't. And so that's why we made the decision in the U.S. to discontinue Coors Seltzer and commit our
energy, our resources, the material supply we've got in our shelf space to Vizzy and Topo Chico.

Of course, it's going to stay in Canada because it's doing, as I said, really well. The market dynamics are
different, and the brand has performed well. In Europe, it's exhibiting, in the U.K. and Central and Eastern
Europe, some of the same trends in the early days as the U.S. did. And we've obviously tested all of our
options from a brand point of view. And the early read was that Three Fold was the right brand to go with,
and it's landed very well. We're building capacity there. And I think we're well positioned in the U.K. to be
a strong player if it takes off like it did in the U.S.

And the same applies to Central and Eastern Europe. WAI Moment was the best brand, resonated really
well with the consumers there. The Central and Eastern European team do a fantastic job from an
execution point of view, so the execution is really good. And we actually have first-mover advantage
in Central and Eastern Europe. So we feel very good about our leading position in Central and Eastern
Europe with that brand as well. I think I hit all your questions, Rob, but if I didn't, I'm happy to take a
follow-up from you.

Robert Edward Ottenstein
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Well, yes, and thank you for that detail. The only other one was how do you look at the interaction
between hard seltzers and ready-to-drinks? There's some observers say that there's really not much
interaction. It's the same occasion. I'm not sure I believe that 100%. But love to get your thoughts on
the various ready-to-drink concoctions that are coming up and how you intend to play in that space going
forward as well. I know you're doing a few things there.

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Sure, Rob. I mean yes, RTD beverages are emerging, an emerging and fast-growing segment. In fact,
RTD sales really outpaced spirits, and that gap is only going to likely widen in the future. And competing in
this space is a natural fit for companies like ourselves. We've got experienced packaging beverages in 12-
ounce cans and bottles and working with our distributor partners to get those products out there. So we
look forward to competing in this category with proof point. We've got Superbird as well, which is the top
end of that, which we launched earlier this year. And we have other offerings that we believe will appeal to
consumers in our innovation pipeline.

Robert Edward Ottenstein
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

And how much interaction do you see in that -- in these ready-to-drink products with hard seltzers? Or is
it too early to say?

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

I think it's too early to say, Rob. I mean obviously, there is some interaction. It's interesting. We've been
asked this question as it relates to the beer category. And there's more of seltzers volume and growth is
coming from outside of the beer category than it's coming from inside the beer category. Our data would
suggest that I've seen our competitors say the same thing. And certainly, it's been very positive from an
overall beer category, beer segment point of view.

Operator

Our first question comes from Bill Kirk with MKM Partners.

William Joseph Kirk
MKM Partners LLC, Research Division

So you talked a bit about the rationale to streamline economy brands. But it also looks like there's some
discontinuing of some SKUs for pack sizes on brands like Coors Light and Miller Lite. So can you talk about
the decision, I guess, to streamline pack sizes as it relates to your efficiency efforts?

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Bill. Look, we did a thorough review of all of our SKUs and brands. I would say the majority
of the SKU and brand or certainly all the brand reductions and the majority of the SKU reductions are in
our economy space. We did identify a few SKUs which were slow moving and which could be substituted
with other more profitable SKUs that would make us more effective. And so there would have been just
a few outside of the economy space that we rationalized. The vast majority of it, Bill, is in the economy
space.

William Joseph Kirk
MKM Partners LLC, Research Division

Got it. And Tracey, as a follow-up, I think you said that U.S. brand volume declines were entirely economy.
Does that mean excluding the discontinued economy brands that U.S. brand volume is positive? Or do the
remaining economy brands still drag that number into the negative?

Tracey I. Joubert

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Chief Financial Officer

No. So the 4 SKUs are just recent. And so I would say that it's really the entire sort of economy portfolio
that is driving that down.

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

And Bill, Miller Lite and Coors Light in the second quarter, as I said, I think, in my prepared remarks,
grew. I haven't -- don't think I've been able to say that often over the last sort of 15 years or so. And our
above premium portfolio did very well as well with the Blue Moon franchise coming back strongly, our craft
brands coming back, and we're very pleased with our seltzer performance.

Operator

Our first question comes from Lauren Lieberman, Barclays.

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I'd love to talk a little bit more about on-premise. And number one, just thinking about brand strategy and
portfolio. So first, I was curious about hard seltzer, the degree to which you're trying to expand presence
of your brands in on-premise.

And I think that you had mentioned Vizzy as an on-premise play in Canada. If I got that wrong, I
apologize, but I was curious if that was in the thought process for the U.S.

And then also just the, I think, industry-wide discussion of big brands gaining more presence, share of tap
handles and so on as on-premise reopens. And I was curious the degree to which you're starting to see
that or been positioning for that to be the case as reopening continued.

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Lauren. Look, I mean, yes, during the pandemic, we did see increased demand for large
trusted brands. And this is particularly true in the on-premise. Many on-premise owners are sticking to
faster-moving brands, and this obviously benefits brands like Miller Lite and Coors Light, in particular, for
us. And we are seeing that trend stick as we settle into the sort of new normal.

And as I said earlier, with Miller Lite and Coors Light, we did grow segment share for the 27th quarter.
We're also seeing growth in our above premium portfolio. For example, Blue Moon in the U.S. is up nearly
15% in the quarter. Peroni is up nearly 35%. And it has provided us an outstanding opportunity to sample
our newer offerings, like premium LightSky and Vizzy and Topo Chico Hard Seltzer, which we actually
missed that opportunity last year.

So certainly, I wouldn't say it's just Vizzy that's going on-premise, I would say it's both Vizzy and Topo
Chico Hard Seltzer. Topo Chico is as good as well as it's doing. It's still in fairly limited number of markets,
less than half of the states in the U.S. And in those states, it's the desire for it to be on-premise has been
very, very good.

Canada, obviously, a little too early to say because the restrictions there have dragged on a little longer
than they did in the United States. So too soon to tell how the Canadian on-premise is going to open up.

In Europe, it's been very pleasing. We, as you know, significantly over-indexed to the on-premise. So the
on-premise recovery that's taking place in Europe has been -- that's been very positive for us. And in fact,
in July, we've seen the on-premise business in U.K. start to approach 2019 levels and hold there. So that
has been very encouraging for us.

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

And just to follow up to just clarify, I think it's within on-premise that's open. Do you believe that you're
gaining share within those outlets because of any degree of greater distribution or relative presence within
the channel?

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

In the U.S., the answer is yes. In the U.K., the data lags a little bit, so not ready to call that yet. We have
a hypothesis that we are, but I don't have data yet to support that. In Canada, obviously, the reopening
is not in a place where we can determine that yet. But in our biggest market, the answer to that is yes,
Lauren.

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. Great. And then the plan is to get -- to bring Vizzy and Topo Chico Hard Seltzer on-premise in the
U.S. and you have the capacity to do that in your plans that for this year? Or is that more of a looking into
'22?

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Certainly, we have the capacity with Vizzy. We've been able to meet all the demand that our distributors
have had with -- for Vizzy really since the beginning of the year. Topo Chico obviously is more challenging
from a supply point of view. It continues to perform extremely well. It's only got 1 SKU. It's got
distribution in only 16 markets. And supply continues to be a little tight, but our production is improving.
And that is going to allow us to push distribution, which would include the on-premise, but also allows
us to start turning our marketing campaign on behind Topo Chico as well, Lauren. So I guess that's a
convoluted way of saying yes.

Operator

Next question is Steve Powers, Deutsche Bank.

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

A couple of questions centered on brand volume dynamics. In Europe, if my numbers are correct, it looks
like you're at about 91% of 2019 in the quarter, which is up from the mid-70s last quarter, which is great.
And I guess just as you think about the back half, do you think you kind of hold steady at that mid-90s
index level? Or you think your plan's vision improvement, number one?

And as we put it to North America, you're also at 91% indexed to '19 in the quarter, but that was down
from 94% in the first quarter, presumably as the economy brands were deprioritized. But as we think
about the back half, similar question, do you think you recover that index to '19 in the back half, number
one?

And number two, you mentioned that premium and above premium were at the highest percentage of the
overall mix that you've ever seen. I guess curious as to whether in absolute terms those price tiers are --
how they compare it to where you were in '19 in the similar time frame?

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Steve. Okay. Let me see if I can get all these for you. Look, in Europe, as I said, actually, and
particularly in the U.K., as you know, we -- on-premise is really important to us. And we've actually seen
the on-premise approach to 2019 levels for the last -- well, most of July, actually. It actually spiked a bit
higher than that, but that was distorted by the EURO finals. We were actually -- in the U.K., we're actually,
for a few weeks, quite substantially above 2019 levels. That settled back down now. And as I said, we're
approaching 2019 levels.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Central and Eastern Europe is a little -- being a little bit more impacted by tourism. And so we're probably
not quite at the U.K. levels in Central and Eastern Europe. And in the U.S., we've seen, as I think I said on
the last call, more outlets opened from an on-premise point of view than we were initially expecting. And
certainly, volume has increased and settled down into a fairly stable level. We will have, in the back half of
the year, a lot more fairs, festivals, alliance opportunities, which we didn't have in the second half of last
year. And I'm referring to football primarily, which is a big drinking occasion for us. So without wishing to
put particular goals out there, we are encouraged by what we're seeing from an on-premise and venue
volume point of view.

I wasn't totally sure I got your price tiers question, Steve. So let me give it a shot. I mean we did, as
I said, have the strongest share of our portfolio being above premium in the second quarter. Based on
an NSR point of view, it was up into the high teens level, which we haven't seen levels like that since
the joint venture started. So working particularly well. And in Q2, our NSR was actually above 2019. So
encouraging signs for sure.

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. No, that's helpful. So if I just point it back to you, it sounds like you do, in North America, expect
that the total portfolio, not just the on-premise, but the total brand volume portfolio can better approach
2019 levels in the back half versus what we saw in the second quarter. Is that a fair playback?

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

No. Not really, Steve, because of our decisions around the economy portfolio, right? So the economy
portfolio, we've -- as we've -- as I've said in my prepared remarks and as we announced with our
distributors, today, we are taking a meaningful cut on our economy portfolio to rationalize that. So
that would be a negative for us. And if you look at our share performance, actually, I see our share
performance quoted often, 70% of that decline in share is the economy portfolio for us. And we paused a
lot of SKUs and brands and some of them, as we announced today, won't come back. So certainly, from a
premium lights and above premium point of view, which includes seltzers, we're feeling really good about
our position and our momentum.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy, Jefferies.

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

I wanted to kind of pull together some of the topics we've discussed so far on the call, kind of bring it
back to the revenue and EBITDA guidance. Kind of, Gavin, as you're assessing in the first 6 months of
the year, looking to the balance of the year and specifically around the major puts and takes. When you
spoke with the investment community in June, you said the company was running ahead of plan. On-
premise recovery certainly seems to be running ahead of plan. And certainly, where folks thought perhaps
6 months ago, the performance of your seltzer portfolio, similarly also running ahead of plan, commodity
environment worse and then it seems like the SKU rationalization probably has greater pace than you
anticipated at the start of the year. So when you kind of pull all these together, I was hoping you could
comment on anything perhaps we're missing. Just put a finer point on the puts and takes. As you look
back over the past 6 months, how this has progressed the level of confidence for the company as you look
to the balance of the year?

And then perhaps just confirm, given the setup here and the strategy, it sounds like the inclination will be
to reinvest any top line upside. If you could just confirm that.

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Thanks, Kevin. Yes, a lot going on there. So I guess the 2 things which I would say when we talk to the
investment community after Q1, which didn't transpire as we were expected, was Canada, the reopening
of the on-premise and the continuation of the lockdown went on for longer than we were expecting in
Canada.

And in the U.K., we were expecting so-called Freedom Day to be back in June. And as you know, that was
delayed into July. I would say those are the 2 things that we didn't know at that time.

From a revitalization plan point of view, yes, I mean, we -- the whole rationale for the revitalization plan
is to drive both top line and bottom line growth. And the first year was always going to be a reinvestment
year, which was supposed to be last year, but we've been through all the reasons why that didn't make
sense. And we're certainly reinvesting behind our brands this year. We increased our marketing spend
meaningfully in the second quarter. There were a couple of things that didn't make sense for us to do
like investing in meaningful marketing in Canada while it was closed and delaying the U.K. out a month.
So that was probably marketing spend that we would have spent in Q2, which will now move into the
back half of the year, and as Tracey said, primarily in Q3. Our supply situation has improved meaningfully
since the cybersecurity attack and our fast-moving brands and SKUs with the exception of 1 or 2 SKUs
or subsegments are at inventory levels that are higher than they were at the same time last year, which
allows us now to really put emphasis behind our brands.

As I said, Topo Chico is supply. We've worked really well with our partners to increase our supply in the
third quarter and beyond. And so that will be coming through, which will allow our marketing teams to
really put emphasis behind that. So I think I've answered your question, Kevin, but help me if I haven't.

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

No, no, no. Gavin, that's extremely helpful. If I could just squeeze in one quick follow-up. Just Tracey,
on the cadence of the margin profile for this company, and there's a lot of discussion on the ability for
the company to reach pre-pandemic levels. As you sort of look out, I understand there's a lot of volatility
still in the environment. How should investors think about that, balancing the need to reinvest and get
investment levels back to pre-pandemic levels? But is there any reason to think that over the next couple
of years that at the total company level, margins should not reach where they were in 2019? And then I'll
pass it on.

Tracey I. Joubert
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Look, we have not given guidance beyond this year. But as Gavin spoke to the revitalization plan, that
is about premiumization, which obviously comes with higher margin. It is about the cost savings initiatives
in our breweries as well as from a G&A point of view, so that should help. But beyond that, we haven't
given guidance, but I would just consider those items specifically related to revitalization.

Operator

Our next question comes from Nadine Sarwat with Bernstein.

Nadine Sarwat
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

So I wanted to zoom in a little bit more on Europe. So how much of the volume growth that you saw in
Europe came from restocking at distributor levels or retailers especially on trade? As you said, Freedom
Day was meant to be in June, then it was moved to July. And then any update on the state of the
inventories now and how that can help us think of the state in Q3?

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Nadine. As far as inventory levels, is that a question for Europe or for the U.S.?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Nadine Sarwat
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Maybe we kick off with Europe, and then that was actually going to be my follow-up, on the U.S.

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Okay. Well, look, in Europe, we experienced progressive increase as hospitality reopened. As you know,
it reopened for outdoor consumption on April 12 and then moved indoors on May 17. And then obviously
only fully out into Freedom on July 19. We saw on-premise volumes in Q2 average around 70% of pre-
pandemic levels. And as I said in July, we've seen on-premise really start to approach the 2019 levels.
There wasn't a 1-week or 2-week buildup of inventory in the on-premise. And so I would say that would
be more progressive. I mean frankly, we don't hold big inventories in the U.K. at all. So it's not going to be
a material impact one way or another from an inventory level point of view.

And then as far as inventories in the U.S. are concerned, look, we said we wanted to be in a better place
by Memorial Day, and we were going to be in a good place by July 4 with our big brands and our fast-
moving SKUs. And certainly, cans was always the big challenge, and we delivered what we said what we're
going to do with the cans on our big brands and large packs.

And the inventory levels for those SKUs are actually, have been and continue to be above the same levels
as they were in 2020. So we're making good progress there.

Nadine Sarwat
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Great. That's very helpful. And then if I could just squeeze in one more follow-up. A lot of questions so far
on Topo Chico. Can you give us any indication as to data you're getting from the consumers? How much
of that performance is coming with respect to new trials or repeat buys? Any additional color would be
helpful.

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Nadine, I mean, the demand for Topo Chico is incredibly strong. It's really only got 1 SKU. We've
only got distribution in 16 markets. It's already the #3 new item in the segment. It's quickly become a
fastest-turning seltzer brand in Texas, the #3 fastest-turning seltzer overall back behind White Claw and
Truly. And our supply continues to be tight, but our production has improved. So that is going to allow us
to push distribution and features. Our distributors, our retail partners have got strong belief in this brand,
and we're seeing that from a consumer point of view as well. It's actually a top 10 growth brand in the
country, and as I said, less than half of the states.

From where is the volume coming from, it's coming from across all of the demographic groups, is no
one particular demographic group that dominates. And I'm sure it's taking share from some of our
competitors, yes, for sure.

Operator

Our next question is from Laurent Grandet, Guggenheim.

Laurent Daniel Grandet
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

So two sets of questions. And the first one is really not trying to exhaust the questions on seltzer. You
obviously mentioned that Coors Seltzer is stopped. So -- but you reiterated your goal to reach 10% of
the seltzer category by year-end. So if you can really provide some color as how to -- do you think you
will bridge the gap from where you are right now to 10%? And really on Vizzy now, with the loss of Coors
Seltzer, do you -- will you be pushing for Vizzy in the short term to gain more shelf space? And how
comfortable you are you will get that?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

And also with Coors Seltzer gone, you probably got some more, I would say, manufacturing capacity
potentially to launch faster Topo Chico if you had to repatriate it in-house sooner. So I wanted to know if
the stock has been impacting the time line for Topo Chico to be repatriated in-house and to be relaunching
in more states.

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Laurent. As far as our 10% share goal is concerned, we, as I said, I think we've got 2 clear
and differentiated winners with Vizzy and Topo Chico. With Vizzy, we're seeing strong traction with the
innovation that we've brought, particularly the Variety Pack 2 and Vizzy Lemonade. We're seeing with
retailers where we've got all 3 busy SKUs on shelf that we see almost a 2/3 increase in each of those SKUs
velocities, and so we're going to continue to fuel Vizzy's momentum. We've got more innovation coming.
We have had innovation LTOs like our June Pride Pack. And we've just recently launched the watermelon
variety pack. So it's carved out a unique point of difference in the category. And so, so much so that we're
well on our way to becoming the #4 spot in the segment despite all the new entrants in 2021.

I'm not going to show our hand in terms of which brands are going to take Coors Hard Seltzer's space, but
you can assume that we do have innovation coming on Vizzy and we'll utilize Coors Hard Seltzer space to
put that innovation from Vizzy into that space. And so we feel good about Vizzy. Vizzy will certainly be a
big part of getting to our 10 share goal as well Topo Chico, as I said to Nadine, I'm not going to repeat all
of that, but it does remain incredibly strong. Supply is improving. We have worked with our third-party
suppliers to ramp up supply. And we'll go national when we believe we can supply the markets that we're
in at this point in time. I mean we've -- how high is high is not quite clear yet on Topo Chico because we
haven't been able to supply all of the demand in Texas for over a 10 share, I'll say. Other states, we're
doing equally as well.

So in terms of when are we going to bring it in-house, we've always said we're going to bring it in-house
in 2022. That plan is on track. When we do, it will improve our margins. And it's a slightly different
process than perhaps Vizzy, so all Coors Seltzer. So it's not a direct substitution from a liquid point of view,
but certainly from a canned availability point of view, we've got that capacity and it's ready.

Operator

Our next question comes from Sean King with UBS.

Sean Roberts King
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

One question I have is what was the cadence of depletions from -- I guess, we heard, in the U.S., like a
positive mid-single digits back in April to the minus 4% for the quarter. And any insights maybe you can
provide on what you're seeing in July for depletions?

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Sean. Look, I mean, from a second quarter point of view, most of our decline would have been in
the economy space. I mean if you look at our share, I think I said, almost approaching 70% of our share
loss is economy. It's a very choiceful decision that we've made. That doesn't mean that we don't think all
segments matter because we do. We do believe all segments matter, but we've chosen to ensure that we
meet the demands of the largest segment of our consumers at this point in time. So most of that decline
would have been driven by the choice we made around the economy. As far as volume guidance into the
second half, Sean, we don't do that as a matter of principle anymore. I know we used to do it in years
past. But we're not going to give that now.

Operator

This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back to the speakers
for any closing remarks.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Thanks very much, operator. Look, I understand that there were more questions that we weren't able to
get to today given the time constraints. So please, if you could follow up with our Investor Relations team,
and we look forward to talking with many of you as the year progresses. So thank you, everybody, for
participating in today's call.

Operator
The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

