TE Connectivity Ltd. NYSE:TEL
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, April 28, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS 
Normalized 

0.99

1.29

30.30

0.75

-

4.08

5.00

Revenue  (mm)

2925.22

3195.00

9.22

2637.55

2396.25

11825.19

12820.27

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-28-2020 1:00 PM GMT

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.42

1.31

1.14

0.99

1.50

1.33

1.21

1.29

5.63 %

1.53 %

6.14 %

30.30 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Heath A. Mitts
Executive VP & CFO

Sujal Shah
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Jim Suva
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Joseph Robert Spak
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Mark Trevor Delaney
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Bharat Daryani
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Matthew John Sheerin
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Christopher D. Glynn
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Nikolay Todorov
Longbow Research LLC

Craig Matthew Hettenbach
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Shawn Matthew Harrison
Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research
Division

David Jon Leiker
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

William Stein
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey,
Inc., Research Division

David Lee Kelley
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Deepa Bhargavi
Narasimhapuram Raghavan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Francisco Javier Amador
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the TE Connectivity Second Quarter
Earnings Call for Fiscal Year 2020. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to your host today, Vice President of Investor Relations, Sujal
Shah. Please go ahead.

Sujal Shah
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's Second Quarter
2020 Results. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Terrence Curtin; and Chief Financial Officer,
Heath Mitts.

During this call, we'll be providing certain forward-looking information, and we ask you to review the
forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain
non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning, and we ask you to review the sections of our press
release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release
and related tables, along with the slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our
website at te.com.

[Operator Instructions]

Now let me turn the call over to Terrence for opening comments.

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

Thank you, Sujal, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today to cover our second quarter results,
insights around what we're seeing in real time and how this is expected to impact us as we look forward.

We are all living through a challenging environment brought about by the global COVID-19 pandemic.
When we had our last earnings call just 90 days ago and provided our outlook, it was before the initial
onset of COVID in China, and we did not include any expected impact in our quarter 2 guidance.

I'm very pleased that despite the impacts, we were able to deliver the results in line with the expectations
and meet the commitments we made to our customers as well as our shareholders during the quarter.

Now before I get into the results, I do want to thank our employees. As you all know, we are a global
company with engineering and manufacturing operations around the world, and the safety of our
employees has been primary concern. I would like to express my gratitude and appreciation to our teams
for their dedication as we navigate the COVID-19 crisis and continue to effectively serve our customers as
they also were trying to figure out how to navigate this crisis.

A few things that I think stand out in our response to this crisis. First, as a company, we were able to
prioritize the safety of our employees while demonstrating strong execution with our customers. Our
engineering, customer service and other nonmanufacturing teams adapted well to remote and online work
to ensure innovation and service to our customers. I also believe we demonstrated operations resiliency.
In China, we brought back our plants online relatively quickly, considering the environment and steadily
increased utilization levels to minimize the impact in the quarter. All of our factories are open and running
in China, and Heath will highlight where we are in manufacturing in Europe and North America in his
section a little bit later.

And lastly, I believe we demonstrated agility, and it gives us confidence about our ability to continue to
adapt to changing conditions. Our employees have been extraordinary in supporting our communities,
customers and each other. And what I've seen in the past few months gives me confidence in our position

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

coming out of this crisis. We'll talk more about what we expect over the next few months, but I am proud
of the performance, resilience and flexibilities of our team in this quarter.

So if you could, let me start talking about results, and they'll begin on Slide 3, and I'll frame out the key
points of today's call. We delivered sales that were in line with our guidance and adjusted earnings per
share that was above the high end of our guidance range with strong performance across all 3 of our
segments. Adjusted operating margins were above 16% and reflect the diversity of our portfolio and
the early execution of cost reduction actions, placing TE in a position of strength at a time of continued
uncertainty.

Another key point is that our balance sheet is strong, and we have ample liquidity. A key part of our
business model is a strong free cash flow engine that is resilient in periods like this. We expect to generate
well in excess of $1 billion of free cash flow this year, and we also have $2.3 billion of liquidity available.

Also, as we look forward, there is limited visibility of future demand. We do expect to see greater
COVID-19-related impacts in our business in the second half with particular market weakness in
transportation as well as in the commercial aerospace market. As a result, we are estimating that our
sales could be down approximately 25% sequentially into quarter 3 from our quarter 2 levels.

And lastly, as we look beyond the crisis, we do remain excited about where we position TE strategically.
I'm convinced we'll get through the crisis, and there is no change to our margin expansion plans and the
expectations we've shared with you. We expect to improve our earnings power by continuing to execute
footprint consolidation plans, while accelerating additional cost reductions in light of the weaker-demand
environment. When markets do stabilize and return to growth, we're well positioned to benefit from a
recovery in China, which is about 20% of our business as well as a broader recovery in the automotive and
transportation markets.

And the other thing that's great with our cash flow is that we will continue to invest in content growth
opportunities to enable outperformance versus underlying end markets, and we will continue to benefit
from the secular trends across the businesses and where we position TE. So if you could, I'd appreciate if
you could turn to Slide 4 and in 4 -- and I'll get in to review a few additional highlights from the second
quarter.

Sales of $3.2 billion were in line with our guidance, and it was down 6% on a reported basis and 5%
organically year-over-year. Our orders grew sequentially, and we saw a book-to-bill of 1.05. And these
orders reflect that our customers are securing supply chain of components in an uncertain supply-and-
demand environment. In fact, our orders in the quarter were higher than we expected when we started
the quarter. But I think a key point is that late in the quarter, we did see a falloff in orders in certain
businesses, which continued into April. And I'll discuss that more when I talk to the next slide.

From an earnings perspective, our adjusted operating margins were above 16%, and adjusted earnings
per share of $1.29 exceeded the high end of our guidance, driven by the strong execution of our teams
in all segments. And reinforcing my earlier comments on our cash-generative business model, year-to-
date free cash flow was up 34% versus the prior year. And in the second quarter, free cash flow was
approximately $310 million, with approximately $430 million being returned to shareholders during the
quarter.

Going forward, we remain committed to our dividend, but we'll continue to evaluate our share buyback
plans in light of the uncertain market conditions. As we look forward, we are withdrawing our guidance for
the full year, but we are providing a high-level view of quarter 3 as compared to quarter 2.

For the third quarter, we believe that our sales could be down approximately 25% sequentially with a
roughly 45% sequential fall through to adjusted operating income on the sequential revenue decline. This
reflects the order trends we're seeing with market weakness driven primarily in the Transportation and
commercial aerospace markets, along with some inventory and supply chain corrections that I will discuss.

While we can't influence the market environment or how COVID will impact our customers, we remain
committed to execute on the levers we can control to drive our cost reduction and footprint consolidation
plans, while continuing to invest in the long-term growth and content opportunities of TE.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

So please turn to Slide 5 and let me get to the order trends, not only in the quarter but also what we've
seen since quarter end. For the second quarter, orders were at $3.4 billion and stronger-than-expected
as customers secured supply of components in an uncertain supply chain environment, particularly in
China. While we were impacted by the COVID-related shutdowns in China early in February, I am pleased
with how quickly we brought our 18 factories back online. Due to the high levels of automation, our
revenue was minimally impacted in the quarter, and we were able to maintain production to meet our
customer commitments even with periods of labor shortages. I believe this demonstrates that our core
manufacturing capability is a source of differentiation both for TE as well as our customers

As you can see on the chart, we've laid out the sequential orders for quarter 1 and quarter 2. So I'm not
going to spend as much time on the actual numbers in quarter 2 but I want to spend time on what we're
seeing in late March through April to provide a more accurate picture of demand going forward as the
Americas and Europe were being impacted by COVID. In Transportation, we saw a drop-off of orders that
started both in auto and commercial Transportation late in March and continued into April.

As you know, our customers have closed factories starting late March in Europe and North America.
I am also sure, you've seen some of the announcements discussing the plant closures as well as the
assumptions when production can return. In Industrial, we saw erosion of orders in commercial aerospace,
but we had ongoing strength of orders in our defense business, our medical business and our energy
business and our energy business services, the power utilities of the world.

In Communications, we have seen stronger demand in data and devices for cloud-based applications as
data centers build out further capacity to handle the increase in high-speed data traffic and storage as well
as China recovering.

And in China, which represents about 20% of our sales, in March and into April, our orders have basically
returned to pre-Lunar New Year levels before the COVID outbreak occurred in China. So we are seeing a
recovery in China across many of our businesses.

So let me turn to Slide 6, and I can frame how these trends connect to our sales view at quarter 3, and
this is a new chart that we included for you. We are highlighting some of the major sequential drivers from
quarter 2 to quarter 3 in our assumptions on this slide, but I do want to highlight, we aren't capturing
all the puts-and-takes of our different businesses in the quarter. Directionally, we are expecting sales to
decline approximately 25% sequentially into quarter 3. And we put these into 4 buckets.

The first bucket is around auto production. We do expect auto production globally to decline by
approximately 1/3 sequentially from the 18 million vehicles globally produced in the second quarter to
approximately 12 million vehicles being produced in the third quarter, which is in line with IHS' view. This
production decline in auto will drive about half of our sequential decline of total company revenue.

The second bucket is an expected reduction in commercial aerospace market of approximately 1/3 due to
lower production by the large airframe manufacturers. So these first 2 buckets are really market related.

The third bucket is around the auto supply chain. And with our second quarter auto sales well ahead
of production, and I'll talk about that, there was a component inventory build by our customers in the
quarter. As a result, we expect approximately $200 million of inventory adjustments by our customers in
the third quarter, and this should be a temporary effect as that inventory bleeds off.

And then the fourth bucket covers supply chain impacts outside of auto. TE and our customers have a
number of factories that are temporarily shut down due to COVID-19 as a result of government actions.
We expect the resulting supply chain disruptions to impact a number of our other businesses, and this will
cause a reduction of approximately $100 million in the quarter as we go through this quarter. I want to
highlight, this is the near-term impact that we're seeing due to the pandemic. But longer term, we expect
to continue to benefit from broad secular trends across our businesses based upon the leading market
positions that we've built.

So let me now turn briefly to discuss segment results in the quarter, and we provided you with the full
details on Slides 7 through 9 for your reference. I'm just going to touch it high level verbally.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

In our Transportation segment, sales were down 5% organically year-over-year with declines in each of
our business. Auto sales were down 2% organically, with global production declines being down 20%. Our
relatively stronger performance was driven by our customer supply chain builds ahead of factory closures
as well as the continued benefit of content growth. While we are in a volatile demand environment,
we continue to expect increased production of hybrid and electric vehicles and ongoing adoption of
autonomous features, which will continue our market outperformance that we've had for quite some time
now. In sensors, I want to highlight that we recently completed the acquisition of First Sensor, which will
now be included in our financial results beginning in the third quarter.

In the Industrial segment, our sales declined 3% organically year-over-year as we expected. We saw
declines in commercial aerospace and industrial equipment as a result of the market weakness. However,
we are seeing stability in defense, medical and energy due to positive underlying trends and expect those
businesses to continue to be stable as we move through the rest of the year.

In Communications, sales and margins came in as we expected. And while data and devices declined in
the second quarter, we are seeing growth in high-speed and cloud applications and expect this to continue
into our third quarter.

So with that as a backdrop, let me turn it over to Heath, who will get into more details on the financials,
and then I'll come back and cover our expectations for the third quarter.

Heath A. Mitts
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Terrence, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slide 10, where I will provide more details
on the Q2 financials.

Adjusted operating income was $519 million with an adjusted operating margin of 16.2%. Adjusted EPS
was $1.29, exceeding the high end of guidance. GAAP operating loss was $415 million due to a onetime
noncash charge in the quarter of $900 million. This reflects a partial impairment of the goodwill associated
with our sensors business. Also included are $22 million of restructuring and other charges and $12 million
of acquisition charges.

We continue to expect restructuring charges in the range of $200 million to $250 million for this fiscal
year. GAAP EPS was a loss of $1.35 for the quarter and included noncash charge of $2.67 related to the
goodwill impairment and restructuring, acquisitions and other charges of $0.08.

On the other side, we also had a tax-related benefit of $0.12 related to the pre-separation tax matters and
the termination of the tax sharing agreement shared previously. The adjusted effective tax rate in Q2 was
16.1%. And for the third quarter, we would expect a similar rate.

And if you turn to Slide 11. Sales of $3.2 billion were down 2 -- were down over $200 million year-over-
year, including an impact of $60 million from currency exchange rates. But we were able to maintain
adjusted operating margins over 16% in the quarter, as I mentioned. As Terrence mentioned earlier, we
already had a number of actions underway ahead of this downturn, which helped us maintain healthy
operating margins.

For the past 2 years, we have been executing our margin expansion plans in the Industrial segment. And
about a year ago, we kicked off our factory footprint consolidation efforts in Transportation. We continue to
execute on these plans and are accelerating certain cost actions due to the recent drop in volumes.

I now want to give you an update from an operational perspective. We are operating all of our factories
in China and most of our factories throughout Asia. Most of our factories in Europe are operating with
the -- including the recent reopening of our factories in Italy and Spain. In North America, all of our
factories are open in the U.S., but we do have some plants shutdown in Mexico, including those serving
automotive. Many of our customers are going through temporary shutdowns of their manufacturing
operations in different regions, and all of this volatility has caused -- has resulted in supply chain dynamics
that Terrence discussed previously.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

In the quarter, cash from operation -- from continuing operations was $481 million, whereas free cash flow
was $311 million, and we returned $433 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases
in the quarter.

If you'll turn to Slide 12 to review our cash flow and liquidity, and this is a newer slide that we thought
pertinent for this call today. We have a history of strong free cash flow generation. And for the current
year, our free cash flow is up 34% year-to-date versus the prior year.

For our fiscal year, we expect free cash flow to be well above $1 billion. Our long-term capital strategy is
to return 2/3 of our free cash flow to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. And we remain
committed to paying our dividend, and we'll continue to thoughtfully evaluate share repurchases in light of
evolving market conditions.

We are also reducing our plans for capital expenditures to approximately $575 million this year, which is
a reduction of about $100 million from our prior view 90 days ago. However, and this is important, we
remain committed to funding growth initiatives that will enable future growth opportunities as that's the
lifeblood of our company.

We continue to execute on footprint consolidation plans and pursue additional opportunities to drive cost
reductions. Across our businesses, we have units that are being impacted to different degrees, and for
those units that are most impacted, we are implementing selective furlough employees that are largely
tied to where our corresponding customers have temporary factory closures. We will continue to evaluate
our cost structure as the demand environment evolves. We are in a strong liquidity position with $2.3
billion available as the attached chart details our debt maturity ladder is gradual. In early February of this
year, we raised EUR 550 million debt at 0% coupon. The use of the proceeds was for the acquisition of
First Sensor and pre-funding of our pending $350 million debt maturity in June.

At quarter end, we had a cash balance of approximately $800 million. Given our strong cash position, we
have not needed to be in the commercial paper market for some time. We have a $1.5 billion undrawn
revolver committed by a strong bank group. Within the revolver covenant, we expect to be well below the
3.75 rolling 4-quarter debt-to-EBITDA ratio going forward. As a reference point, with our current debt-to-
EBITDA ratio of 1.5, we are well below that threshold.

With that, I'll turn it over to Terrence to provide some additional commentaries about the forward look.

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

Thanks, Heath. And we have provided some details of our expectations going forward on Slide 13. So let
me summarize with a few comments around the words on that page.

For quarter 3, from a market and demand perspective, we're expecting weakness to be driven by
Transportation and commercial aerospace, as I've said. In addition, we are expecting supply chain
adjustments in auto as well as broader supply chain impacts in other areas. And we expect the supply
chain impact, both in auto and other areas to be temporary.

As a result, our best estimate for the quarter is an approximately 25% sequential sales decline with
an approximate 45% flow-through to adjusted operating income on that revenue decline. And this fall-
through is greater than our typical fall-through due to the shortness and severity of the volume drop
sequentially. During the call, we talked a lot about Transportation and com air, but I do think it's important
that we highlight the areas that are continuing to stay stable as well as we benefit from, and they are
defense, medical, energy as well as data and devices. And that's about 1/3 of our revenue.

The other thing is we are in an excellent position to benefit as auto demand returns as well as China
continues to recover. And while fourth quarter visibility is limited, many believe that our quarter 3, the
June quarter, will be the low point in global auto production. We expect that production will improve as we
move past quarter 3 and will benefit both from the production increases as well as inventory normalizing
in the auto supply chain, like I've talked about. While the demand environment is uncertain, I am pleased
with our operations resiliency that we've shown and our ability to continue to serve our customers during

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

this challenging time. We have an excellent free cash flow generation model with ample liquidity. And this
allows us to continue to invest in content growth and other secular opportunities across our businesses to
emerge stronger when our markets return back to growth.

And with that, Sujal, let's open it up for questions.

Sujal Shah
Vice President of Investor Relations
Okay. Marcelo, could you please give the instructions for the Q&A session.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison from Loop Capital.

Shawn Matthew Harrison
Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research Division

Terrence, I wanted to just go to that last comment of auto production into the second half of the
calendar year. And just, maybe, an idea of how much it could bounce back just upon the normalization of
production schedules into the September quarter? I know IHS has a pretty robust figure out there. Maybe
that's not realistic, but bounce-off is 12 million. And then secondarily, do you get the same type of margin
uplift as production recovers versus the downtick you're seeing in the margin profile this quarter?

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

Sure. Thanks, Shawn, for the question. And when you think about automotive, let me just take a step
back first. And where do we think auto production was going to be before COVID started and even last
quarter, and I know we talked about the $200 million supply chain impact. We thought the world was
getting stable before COVID, and there was going to be about 21 million units made per quarter on the
planet. And last quarter, it was 18 million. And moving from that 21 million to that 18 million, a big chunk
of that was China. China got impacted by COVID and a little bit elsewhere in the world. As we move to this
12 million, from the 18 million to the 12 million, we are seeing China production tick up, but we're also
seeing in the western parts of the world, the impacts of the factory closures in Europe, in North America.
And that's probably going to be down collectively in the western world, about 50% so 5-0. And as we
look forward, our customers are going to continue to ramp. So when you think about the 12 million unit
impact, I think it is reasonable to assume you're going to get an improvement into the fourth quarter as
auto factories ramp back up, and then in addition, we'll get the benefit as the supply chain works out.

So I think there's a couple of factors that point to this quarter being a low point and quarter 3 has
production come back online, we get further recovery in China as well as we move back up. Where it'll
be in the fourth quarter, there's lots of numbers out there. You mentioned IHS, but we do think quarter 3
would be the low point.

The other thing on your fall-down question, we would expect as we start to get whatever that level of
production increase is, we do expect we'll get fall-up at a pretty significant rate. So it's the levers that
Heath talked about that we've been doing on the cost side coming into this, which we're proud that we
had those going. That'll give us some levers to work on during this, but I do think you can expect a pretty
healthy fall-up, no different than the fall-down. And it doesn't change how we think about what we're
entitled to from margin in the markets. And in a place like auto, where we are -- have a leading position.
We think crises like this, we've only gotten stronger out of, and we're going to get stronger out of this one
as our customers look for the partners that are going to there for. And they're going to see TE's there for
them everywhere in the world.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani from Evercore.

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Terrence, I'm curious in a post-COVID world, do you see market share dynamics accelerate in favor of
larger companies. And do you think trends like integrated solutions for connectors and sensors becoming
more attractive to folks? I guess I'm just trying to understand when you've gone through recessions in the
past, have you seen TE benefit from share gains as you go through a recovery?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

It's a great question, and thanks for it. I think what you see, as companies go through, we have benefited
through these crises to gain share. And I think back to '08 and '09 a little bit, while the company is very
different, we did gain share because of the financial stability we have that Heath talked about. And also
our global customers really looking to how do we get deeper, and who's going to support them. And I
actually believe that what you saw in our operational performance in the second quarter, we did benefit,
where other people couldn't deliver, we could. And as people were trying to secure supply chain, they
were looking for who could keep their supply chains going in an uncertain time. So I do believe it's a
differentiation point.

I do think, as we've always told you, share doesn't move in big chunks in our industry. But they're going
to be looking for the partners as they look forward. And I think between how our engineering teams
were able to shift over to online innovation, we didn't see a tail-off in projects and also how we've been
adapting our supply chain and also not only ours, also helping our supply chain partners that are below
us understand the safety protocols we expect because they are an extension of us. I'm pretty proud of
what we accomplished. And I do think it creates opportunity for more stickiness as we come back. And I
do think it's shared opportunity, and that's one of the things we view positively about this crisis.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Deepa Raghavan from Wells Fargo.

Deepa Bhargavi Narasimhapuram Raghavan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

The backdrop is what it is, not much to control there. So I'm going to ask a little bit of forward-looking
question just like the prior 2. You touched upon this a little bit, Terrence, but could you point to some
specific signs of recovery we should be monitoring for here in Europe and North America, especially
automotive vertical. I mean, granted, we understand it won't be the same playbook as China or even the
trajectory as China in terms of trend. That's one part. Secondarily, as you look at your overall portfolio,
what are some of the verticals that we think -- that we should be looking for to believe that some
segments that recover early and some that probably recover with a lag?

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

Sure. Thanks, Deepa. And I'm probably going to spend more time on the second part of your question
because I do think it's important. And I also think we spend a lot of time on the script framing, we're
seeing in auto and com air. But when you think about our portfolio, there is 1/3 of our portfolio that is
feeling very little impact or minor impacts. And our data and device cloud business actually, we continue
to see an acceleration in those orders. Our medical business has been very stable. Our energy business
has been stable. And as we've been talking to you, defense has stayed stable and remains at a very high
level. That envelope, there's about 1/3 of TE than I would say right now is very stable from an order
perspective. We may have some areas where -- in countries where governments asked us to stay shut for
a little bit. But those indicators, I think, are continuing to remain stable, and I feel good about how our
teams are performing there. That's about 1/3.

Then there is, I would say, our industrial equipment business as well as our appliance business. We do
see some softness there. Both are benefiting from the recovery in China. Both have big China presences.
But they are being impacted in the west, and I do think they'll stay soft in the west. They have different
underlying drivers. And in the Industrial business, that would probably come back more as how does
CapEx play out over time is what you would look at there.

The third business is clearly Transportation. I think it does come into auto builds. And I think we spend a
lot of time on that. But what I would also always highlight to you, remember, our unique position versus
many companies. We're global. We are stronger in Asia and Europe and North America. So I do ask you,
as you look at builds, and I know this group does, the Asian and European builds are very important with

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

North America sort of being a lower impact. And I know sometimes as being in the United States, we look
at the U.S. builds more than the global builds. But I think as Asia comes back and Europe comes back,
they are stronger positions and very important to us.

And then the last market I haven't talked about that I would say, I don't think I'm going to surprise
anybody, is the com air space. The com air space, which is around $550 million of annual revenue for TE,
and I know in the comments, I said we expect it to be off 1/3 and sort of a waterfall from Q2 to Q3, we
do think that's a market that's not going to be coming back near term. I think there's many other. You can
look at what Boeing has said, what Airbus is saying and elsewhere, that's one that's going to be down for
a while. So I think -- I hope that answers the gamut of what you can look at in some of the indicators.
And I also think it relates to some of the underlying. And I appreciate the question.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn from Oppenheimer.

Christopher D. Glynn
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Was curious to hear you talked about, Terrence, the U.S. factories and facilities up and running, Mexico,
still pockets of shutdowns. Are there any key differences between government mandates and how those
roll through in the respective production regions? And also, any major impacts of just how people, workers
are responding independent of government mandates.

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

Thanks for the question. And I know Heath went through in the prepared comments of where have we
seen things. What we have seen is government responses are very different. And I would say the vast
majority of the world, because of where our products go, we have been deemed essential, and we have
been able to run to make sure that our products continue to go out in all the applications they support.
There are countries that have taken broader shutdown. Heath mentioned in Europe, we had some in
Italy and Spain that were more severe than elsewhere. We had to take those down. Those factories are
coming back up. And then also, Mexico has been one that has gone a little bit narrower on what they
deem as essential. It's been much more around medical as well as food processing. And they've been
sort of individually bringing other industries on, and we're sort of following that lead. So we are partially
running in Mexico. And so the government answers around the world have been very different. So that's
one element.

On the people side, certainly, we need to do the things that keep our employees safe. And being a global
company, as China went through COVID, we learned a lot of practices that were able to get us up in China
quickly, what kind of regulation to put in, and we've been rolling those around the world. And it's one of
the things that I think our supply chain team has done a tremendous job as well as our crisis team to
really make sure whether it's protective equipment, temperature screening, and you can keep going, how
do we change some of the layouts of our factories to make sure you don't have concentrations of people.
And there are things -- you have some retraining of employees to make sure that they're comfortable at
the environment they're coming back into. And it's also -- we continue to invest in automation. And that's
something I do believe the investments we've made over the past handful of years around automation
have also allowed us to be less labor-intensive in certain parts of the world than we were 5, 10 years ago.
So like everybody, it's very complex. We're working through it. And certainly, for those areas that are
ramping back up, we have full procedures around how we get our employees back to work, how do we
prioritize our employees to come back to work to really make sure we keep them safe.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan from Bank of America.

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Terrence, can you compare how TE is different this downturn versus the last downturn? It feels like your
breakevens are quite different. Trough margins appear a lot higher than they did last time around. And
if I could, what would decremental margins have looked like in your fiscal 3Q without the supply chain
adjustments?

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

All right, Wamsi, I guess I have to take this question because Heath wasn't here in '08 and '09. So I
guess it's pointed at me. As we talked to a lot of you about, and I know some companies have gone out
and said, as they're thinking about the guide, they compare it to '08 and '09 as to how they're modeling
their playbook. I think there's some things that are similar, TE today versus '08 and '09. But I would tell
you, there's a lot of things that are a lot different. With all the moves we made in the portfolio, where we
positioned TE, the cost actions we've taken. So let me try to summarize what's the same a little bit. But
also the things that I think we've improved the business and the portfolio. The one thing that I would say
is probably the #1 thing that is the same, it's the cash generation model we have. Our cash generation
will be very resilient during these times. And as you all know, we use working capital in times of growth.
And one of the things that when you do get a little bit of a cycle, like this and you have some of these,
we're going to generate free cash flow, we're going to adjust CapEx around capacity, we're going to invest
in growth CapEx. And I think that's one of the things that's always allowed us back to the question earlier
to get stronger during crises because we can continue to invest around growth, but also keep our strong
cash generation model going. That's the big thing that I think is the same.

Now when you think about things that are different, our portfolio is a lot more focused and a lot stronger
than it was in '08 and '09. And the businesses we are in, all have secular trends that we position TE
around. And we've gotten rid of the businesses that don't have those trends. And if you look here today
in '08, and '09, we had no growth telecom businesses, you had a lot more consumer electronics, and we
built a platform like medical. So I do think the portfolio is more focused and stronger. The other thing that
I would say that is also very different is our automotive business. While we did have a sizable automotive
business back then, and we have a sizable business today, it's a very different business. While it was
always global, China makes up 25% of the car production on the planet, in '08 and '09 , it didn't. And our
leading position is special.

I would also tell you, our automotive business, going into the last crisis was company average business
from a margin perspective. Our margin in our Transportation segment going into this crisis is a lot higher
than it was, and a lot of the cost actions we initiated out of the last crisis that we continue to work on,
and Heath talked about, that we were teeing up. And overall, the company's in better financial shape. Our
margin is 300 basis points higher today than it was in '08 and '09, just going into a crisis. And our balance
sheet is in a very -- much more healthy place. So when I sit there, what if auto production changes, we
will be impacted? When I think about the health of TE and things like that, what we've done to the cost
position and strengthened our position in markets we wanted to be in as well as not being in markets we
didn't want to be in, I think it's positioned us well to be a strong company going into a crisis that will get
stronger coming out of.

Operator

Your next question comes from Mark Delaney from Goldman Sachs.

Mark Trevor Delaney
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

I was hoping to better understand how TE is thinking about its content per car opportunity. I realize you
already described some near-term inventory adjustments in the auto market for the completed quarter
and for the current quarter. But if you put that aside, is there any change to how you're thinking about
your content per car opportunity, either because of pricing dynamics or delays in new car launches?

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Thanks, Mark, and I'll take that. And what's interesting is we don't. As I said earlier, the emission
requirements in places like Europe are not changing. We also believe even with this change in production,
the number of global hybrid and electric vehicles will still be up year-over-year, even in a lower production
environment, and all the production growth that's been taken out are combustion engines. So the 4% to
6% that we've always talked to you about, when we look through where our growth is coming from, our
engineering projects as well as the trends, certainly, electric vehicles are continuing to accelerate. We've
talked to you before, autonomy, it's probably a little bit further out. But net-net, the 4% to 6% content
opportunity continues to be real, and it hasn't changed, the way we think about it.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Giordano from Cowen.

Francisco Javier Amador
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

This is Francisco on for Joe. Can you guys expand on the $900 million impairment charge that you guys
took this quarter, please?

Heath A. Mitts
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. This is Heath. This is related to our sensors platform, most of which was acquired in 2014 with the
acquisition of Measurement Specialties. So there's been subsequent acquisitions that have come into
that platform, over the years, of smaller size. And -- but there's been a downturn in those markets here
for a while. And particularly in the Industrial space, which is about half of our sensors business, we've
seen a downtick here going back several quarters as well as following the trends that we've seen in other
industrial businesses as well as in the commercial transportation space, which is about 1/4 of the sensors
business. So that factored in with a down -- an outlook that is consistently down with everything else
we've talked about today, did push us to take a harder look at where we sat relative to the accounting
treatment of that, and we've made an election in the quarter to take that charge based on the accounting
rules that govern that. It's a noncash charge, and it kind of rightsizes the carrying value from accounting
perspective.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach from Stanley -- Morgan Stanley.

Craig Matthew Hettenbach
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I just wanted to follow-up on understanding there's a lot of pressure on auto production, but just going
back to the content theme, particularly from a sensor pipeline perspective, just curious, prior to these
disruptions, how you were feeling about kind of design win activity for sensors and any update on just the
work you're doing in combination of sensors and connectors?

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

Yes, sure, Craig. Thanks for the question. And when we think about it, the revenue pipeline we have
around sensors and automotive continues to stay robust. Certainly, it's going to be impacted by lower
production builds on the planet. So -- and that ties into a little bit what Heath talked about in the prior
question. But that momentum, as you continue to see how sensors need to play in a car, actually around
whether it goes to electric and current sensing, what happens on autonomy as well as the momentum
of our TERP, our revenue pipeline, that momentum still stays strong, similar to the engineering projects,
as I said. So nothing has changed there. Certainly, it's being impacted by the end market downturns in
auto and Industrial Transportation, like Heath said. But when we think about the opportunity about that
content, that opportunity has not changed per vehicle. It's really the number of vehicles made that has
been impacted.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee from JP Morgan.

Bharat Daryani
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

This is actually Bharat on for Samik. So continuing on the automotive market, I just had one question.
So what are you seeing in terms of order trends or erosion, specifically in the China automotive market.
I mean, the latest IHS data, we saw yesterday is showing some stability, although at a low level in the
automotive production outlook for China. So are you starting to see the same stabilization in order trends
as well?

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

Yes. Well, a couple of things that when it comes to China. China, we have seen production increase
and production will increase off of the low quarter 2 levels that you have in China. And we do expect
production as our customers have ramped up. So that is in, I'll call it, a healing process. The other thing
that I think was a nice data point to have is that in March, there was about 1.3 million cars sold in China.
Certainly, the consumer element needs to come back. But that alone, if it stayed at that March rate, would
be about 16 million to 17 million unit SAAR based upon the March sales. So all those factors need to
continue to improve, but we do see increased production and the production decline from quarter 2 to
quarter 3 is really in Europe and North America that we've highlighted.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of David Leiker from Baird.

David Jon Leiker
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

So I'm looking at the slide on Transportation Solutions where you say your sales were down 2%
organically with build down 20%. And normally, that gap would be a function of content gains or mix
shifts, but it sounds like supply chain is a piece of that and maybe a large piece of it. I might have missed
that, but -- but if there's a way that you can quantify how much of that variance between the build rates
and your revenues came from supply chain that might end up reversing on you here later in the year?

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

David, it's Terrence. When we talked about quarter 2 to quarter 3 being down sequentially, there was
an element of auto production going from 18 million to 12 million. We also estimate back to those data
points that you've said, there was about $200 million, where our customers were putting orders on us,
we delivered with what we were able, to continue to get our factories up. That $200 million is what will
turn here in the third quarter. And that's one of the numbers we highlighted in quarter 2 to quarter 3.
And the simple way to think about it, our auto revenue in the quarter was pretty much as we expected.
We thought there was going to be 21 million cars made in the plant. There was 18 million. It's 3 million
vehicles times $65 gets you to about the $200 million that we're estimating that was, hey, revenue that
you could sort of say, probably should have been in quarter 3. We were able to ship it in quarter 2 as
people were really trying to deal real time with COVID-19. And that will work through and normalize as we
go through quarter 3.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of David Kelley from Jefferies.

David Lee Kelley
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Just a quick question -- just a quick one on distribution channel exposure. I think you referenced in the
slide deck ongoing industrial corrections. Just wondering if you could give us some color into what you're
seeing in data and devices and appliances as well. And maybe more broadly, how do you see channel
health shaping up into the back half of the fiscal year here?

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

Thanks for the question. And certainly, we've been talking a lot about end markets, and we do typically
talk about channel. Over the past 6, 9 months, we've been in an element of where our channel partners
have been correcting. And what I would say we've seen is that correction of their inventory position seems
to have normalized. As we've ended March, probably across our markets, with the exception of being
our industrial business and total TE channel is up to about 20%. So what we've seen from POS trends,
which is what our distributor is selling out, outside of Transportation and com air type of markets have
been pretty steady. So we're watching those indicators to see if there's inventory builds. It feels okay
right now, but there is the Industrial market that feels like it has a little bit too much inventory in it. And
certainly, with the demand impact, and we're going to have to keep an eye on it. But right now, it feels
stable outside of Transportation and com air.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva from Citigroup.

Jim Suva
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

When we hear about the commercial aerospace, and also, to some extent, the Transportation industry of
autos and trucking, we also hear about the OEMs talking about price concessions to suppliers and having
to do things or change things. Can you -- while a lot of the commentary prepared was on about the unit
production, can you talk about expectations for price concessions? Or is that other parts of the supply
chain that you see happening? And any thoughts around that?

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

Sure, Jim. Thanks for the question. So when you look at it, our pricing environment has been relatively
stable. And when I say stable, we do give in, automotive and places like that, productivity back to our
customers and their annual negotiations, their annual negotiations around the investments we make as
well as the volumes they hit. So those discussions will be coming up. What I would anticipate similar to
other crises, our price erosion will stay pretty much at the historical rates it's been at based upon the
value we provide. So I don't see us having an acceleration of price erosion. It is a key element of when
we talk earlier about where we believe entitled margins for this business can be price supportive. And I
don't see an acceleration that's going to happen in price erosion because there's also certainty of supply
that's also needed at the same time. And I think our position we have both from an innovation and the
manufacturing with our customers create a proper balance that we'll be able to keep it where it's been.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin from Stifel.

Matthew John Sheerin
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

So a question just regarding some cost cutting actions. Heath you talked about, it sounded like just
ongoing cost-cutting actions that you've been doing and then some furloughs, but nothing incremental in
terms of taking any fixed costs out. So what are your thoughts there? And at what point do you take that
next step to do some further consolidation, particularly if we're in a longer recession and the auto market
doesn't recover as quickly as maybe you think.

Heath A. Mitts

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Executive VP & CFO

Matt, I appreciate the question and the follow-up. So let me just try to clarify a few things. As we
discussed, and you mentioned earlier in your question, for the past couple of years, we've been talking
pretty transparently about what we're doing in the industrial space. And then about a year ago, talked
about several -- initiating several auto -- generally auto-related factory footprint consolidation. So we
weren't caught flat-footed with this. Now the severity and the sharpness of a sequential downturn of
25% will certainly -- is something that is challenging to deal with from a margin perspective in a 90-day
window. However, our focus continues to be on permanent cost reductions. Obviously, we'll do things like
furloughs, where our customers have furloughed, and we don't want people staying around our factories.
But when we think about cost reductions and incremental cost reductions, they tend to be in the form of
permanent so that our exit trajectory will move back into periods of growth, will be stronger than when
we entered it. That's a combination of both accelerating some of the things that we already had in place,
which this reduction in demand does allow us to accelerate some, just given that we have the ability to
ramp up inventory builds and some of the other things that are important to any kind of transfer. But we
are also evaluating and moving pretty quickly through additional restructuring actions.

So if my comments were light on that, I apologize. We will be doing some things. Now on the factory
side, those are underway, and I don't think there's something we have to start with a clean piece of paper
on. But the business will be rightsized, but we're focused on what we look like and a more permanent
perspective as we leave in that move that it makes in terms of our overall margins as we get back to
levels of more normalcy on that particular front. And you also have to remember, if you just step away
from auto for a second, we have chunks of the business that are actually fairly stable or at full production.
Terrence mentioned defense, data and devices, certainly our medical and our energy businesses, those
are businesses that -- we're in full production just to keep up with our customers right now. So it's a little
bit different flavor depending upon which chunks of our business that we look at. But auto specifically,
we'll make sure we're sized right for not just what we think the next couple of quarters are going to look
like, but what it looks like for -- in our FY '21 and FY '22. And I think that's important to keep that in
perspective.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of William Stein from SunTrust.

William Stein
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

Heath, a moment ago, you talked about performance of sensors in the industrial end market. And
incidentally, I think there was some progress on the First Sensor acquisition late in the quarter. Can you
update us on the status of the integration of that company and its product portfolio and in your future
plans in that category?

Heath A. Mitts
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. And Will, thanks for the question. Listen, sensors continues to be a very important part of our --
that platform is an important part of our growth strategy. And we still feel very good about -- despite
the accounting treatment that we undertook in the quarter, we still feel very good about the long-term
prospects of where we are. Terrence commented on a question earlier related to the auto component of
that revenue pipeline for sensors, which continues to be very strong. Now some of those things based
on volume and so forth, have pushed to the right a little bit. But our design-in wins continue to be very
strong within auto sensors. We are very well positioned within the commercial transportation sensors as
well. Now that's a business that we started feeling the pressure both on the sensor side as well as our
connector -- traditional connector side of the business, going back in the late summer time frame of last
year, and certainly, that has continued to be pressured. But we are very well positioned from a market
share perspective there. So between auto and commercial transportation, that makes up about half of our
sensors business.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

And then you get into the industrial piece of it. Industrial piece of it does touch a lot of different end
markets, some of which are more attractive than others, but no different than our industrial business
within our industrial segment that we noted, it was down double digits organically. We are feeling similar
pressures within that component of our sensors business. So as you see us move forward, you're going to
see us talk about it, First Sensor fills in a nice product gap for us. We are in a very good position in terms
of that. That's been a long process to get executed on. We currently own just under 3/4 of the shares.
And as Terrence mentioned earlier, we'll begin to incorporate some of those financials in our results in this
third quarter moving forward. And then there's additional processes that we follow within the German
law and regulations to continue to bring the rest of those shares online. And -- but we feel very good
about the progress on that. It's just been -- it's been a long process. And -- but the product set and the
manufacturing operations and what it brings to us is still very important. And so you'll continue to hear us
talk about sensors as part of our growth.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Spak from RBC Capital.

Joseph Robert Spak
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

I just quickly wanted to go back to your estimate of the auto supply chain impact because if you back out
that $200 million, you were sort of really more in line with global production in your second quarter. And
I know you have a longer-term outgrowth opportunity, but was there something specific to either mix or
share that impacted this quarter?

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

No. On any one quarter, you're never going to have a perfect 4% to 6% because of all the supply chain
elements that happen. So there wasn't anything specific. And the supply chain impact, let's face it, it is an
estimate on our behalf with all the moving parts we have. But the content that we see happening, the 4%
to 6%, there's no change in that. And you should look at that over a year period or so, not 1 quarter.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Nik Todorov from Longbow.

Nikolay Todorov
Longbow Research LLC

I understand a big portion of your out inventory adjustments will occur in the June quarter. But I guess,
can you talk about your expectations regarding destocking potentially lasting into the second half of the
year? I mean in other words, do you expect the correction to be a deep and quick one contained only in
the June quarter? Or you see some spillover?

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

Well, what we've said is some of the destocking, in some cases, because of the -- being the automotive
supply chain. The automotive supply chain is sort of -- at least how I think about it, is sort of a 6-week
just-in-time supply chain. It's not an industrial supply chain or a channel supply chain that is very, very
spaghetti like. So when we sit there and the way that we're guiding is we sort of assume as our customers
ramp back up, they will burn off this extra stock. Certainly, that's our assumption. Could it last a little
longer? Potentially, but it'll depend how they ramp. And certainly, they don't like a lot of excesses in the
supply chain. So we view it would be probably over a 3-month period was reasonable.

Operator

Our last question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison from Loop Capital.

Shawn Matthew Harrison

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research Division

Heath, just a follow-up on both kind of the restructuring and kind of the normalized goals. To be clear,
there is no change in kind of the normalized margin profile you're searching -- you're targeting for any
of the 3 business lines? And then second, I think you've done $650 million -- or that you're targeting in
'18, '19 and '20, about $650 million of restructuring. Where are you in terms of the payback of those
restructuring actions? Are you 1/3 of the way through it right now or even less?

Heath A. Mitts
Executive VP & CFO

Well, Shawn, I appreciate the question. The normalized margins for the business, as we've talked about,
right, which is TS, up in the high teens towards 20 number; IS, consistently in the mid- to high teens;
and then CS, kind of in that low to mid-teens, consistently growing up towards that number, that has --
those are unchanged. Now we're going to need to see, in certain cases, volume come back to support
some of those things. But the longer-term actions that we're taking to take out more permanent cost will
certainly help close some of that gap. So as I think about the restructuring that we've done, most of it's
been fairly programmatic, things that we've done that are very specific to facility moves within Industrial
and then subsequently, Transportation, and that continues on for the charges that we anticipate taking in
this fiscal year, FY '20. The payback on those is kind of about a 3-year payback, which is a little bit longer
than your traditional payback if you were doing things in the U.S. But you got to remember, as we've
discussed before, some of the plants were taken offline are in jurisdictions where the cash outflow to get
those things offline is a bit longer. So the blended payback is about 3 years.

I would tell you we're at different points depending upon which facility we're talking about. For obvious
reasons, they've had different start and stop dates. And there's challenges that, in some cases, are
created based on this current situation with COVID, meaning that there are certain factors that, maybe on
the receiving end, have certain things that have slowed, so that's harder to do. And there's other things
that have sped up because we're able to go through operational matters that are specifically inventory
builds that our balance sheet can certainly support and allow us to get those costs out sooner. So there's
a blend in where we are. If you were just to ask me to try to frame all that up and for TE in total, I would
say we're kind of halfway through that process. Sometimes a charge on the P&L can be taken a year plus
before you actually see the savings come out just based on how the accounting for it works relative to
when the costs are actually eliminated. So there is a bit of a lag in terms of that.

Sujal Shah
Vice President of Investor Relations

Okay. It looks like there's no further questions. If you do have questions, please contact investor Relations
at TE. I want to thank everyone for joining us this morning. Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, your conference will be made available for replay beginning at 10:30 a.m. Eastern
Standard Time today, April 28, 2020, on the Investor Relations portion of the TE Connectivity's website.
That concludes your conference for today.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

