Truist Financial Corporation NYSE:TFC
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, October 15, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.88

0.97

Revenue  (mm)

5485.80

5601.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-15-2020 12:40 PM GMT

10.23

2.10

0.92

3.47

3.31

5477.33

22391.00

21635.51

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

1.01

0.84

0.77

0.88

1.12

0.87

0.82

0.97

SURPRISE

10.89 %

3.57 %

6.49 %

10.23 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Clarke R. Starnes
Senior EVP & Chief Risk Officer

Daryl N. Bible
Senior EVP & CFO

Kelly Stuart King
Chairman & CEO

Ryan Richards
Director of Investor Relations

ANALYSTS

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Michael Edward Rose
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Saul Martinez
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Greetings, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Truist Financial Corporation Third Quarter 2020
Earnings Conference. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this event is being recorded.

It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Mr. Ryan Richards, Director of Investor Relations for Truist
Financial Corporation.

Ryan Richards
Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, BJ. Good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us today. On today's call are Chairman
and CEO, Kelly King; and our CFO, Daryl Bible, who will review our third quarter results and provide some
thoughts for the fourth quarter of 2020. We also have Bill Rogers, our President and Chief Operating
Officer; Chris Henson, our Head of Banking and Insurance; and Clarke Starnes, our Chief Risk Officer, to
participate in the Q&A session.

As with prior quarters, we are conducting our call today from different locations to help protect our
executives and teammates. We will reference the slide presentation during today's call. A copy of the
presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental financial information are available on the
Truist Investor Relations website.

Please also note, Truist does not provide public earnings predictions or forecasts. However, there may be
statements made during this call that express management's intentions, beliefs or expectations. These
statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. And Truist's actual results may differ materially
from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the cautionary notes
regarding forward-looking information in our presentation and our SEC filings.

Please also note our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to Page 3
and the appendix of our presentation for the appropriate reconciliations to GAAP.

And now I'll turn it over to Kelly.

Kelly Stuart King
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Ryan. Good morning, everybody. I really appreciate you all joining our call, and I hope you and
your family are doing well.

Now I would say relative to the challenges that we're all facing, we're really happy to report what I'd call
a great quarter. Strong balance sheet, particularly in asset quality, liquidity and capital, relatively strong
earnings, great value proposition for our clients, particularly in our digital offerings. Great team, which I
am extraordinarily proud of, and a strong commitment to our communities and other stakeholders. We
are, as you know, from our previous conversations, really focused on our culture, especially our purpose to
inspire and build better lives and communities.

And I want to show on Slide 5 a few of the things we're doing to live out our purpose. So we announced
recently something we're very excited about, a $40 million donation to help establish an organization
called CornerSquare Community Capital. This is a new organization that will be focusing on funding to
racially and ethnically diverse small business owners, women and individuals and LMI communities.
This will be done through CDFIs, community development financial institutions, and it's a very exciting
opportunity to get funds exactly where they're needed.

We're really proud of our first Truist CSR report. I hope you've had a chance to read it. We launched
recently our Truist Momentum, which is a continuation of a SunTrust program that focuses on financial
well-being. We partnered with EverFi to introduce, this is something we're very excited about, a game

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

called WORD Force, which helps kids in K-2 learn how to read. You've heard me say in the past,
unfortunately, in our country today, 2/3 of the kids in the public school system in the third grade cannot
read. This is a way of getting at that. It may not be the all-in answer, but it's a really good start. We're
excited about it. We're in our beta test. We already have over 4,000 students and over 200 schools
participating.

We are doing a really good job in terms of conservation of energy, water and making good progress on a
number of areas like that, investing in those areas to make our climate and our environment better. We
did, as you know, we announced as a part of the merger, our $60 billion Community Benefits Plan over
the next 3 years. We're very excited about that. You can see on the slide a number of areas that we're
really committed to. I would particularly point out that we will be investing in loans and/or investments,
$32 billion over the next 3 years in home purchase mortgage loans and -- through the LMI and minority
borrowers. So this is a big part of helping to deal with some of the social injustice and racial inequity
problems that we have in our country and a number of other programs that you can see there.

I would also point out that we are committed at the executive level to improving our diversity. We said in
CSR report that we have committed over the next 3 years to improve our senior leadership diversity from
12% in 2019 to 15%. You can see there that we have a very good and effective diverse Board with 45%
being women and minority. So we feel really good about that.

I would also point out, we were very honored to receive a perfect score of 100 on the Human Rights
Campaign Foundation's 2020 Corporate Equality Index. So we're doing a really good job with regard to
living our purpose.

If you look at Slide 6, I'd just point out a few highlights. We did have taxable-equivalent revenue of $5.6
billion, net income to -- available to common shareholders of $1 billion, but adjusted net income available
to common was $1.3 billion. That resulted in diluting earnings per share on adjusted of $0.97. Return
on average tangible common equity adjusted was 16.0%, very strong, and a really good efficiency ratio
adjusted at 57.3%.

We were really pleased about our nonperforming assets at 0.26%. And now we recognize that there's
more to come with regard to credit quality deterioration depending on what happens with regard to the
economy. But still, given where we are today and recognizing there are some positive impacts with regard
to accommodations there, that's a really good number. We feel really good about that. And likewise, our
net charge-offs were 0.42%, at the low end of what we had talked about.

We're very pleased that our common equity Tier 1. It's now at 10%. So we feel really good about our
capital position.

If you look at some selected items on Slide 7. I did point out we did have security gains of $104 million,
which was a positive $0.06 per share. We had merger and restructuring charges of $236 million, which is
$0.13. We did have incremental operating expenses related to the merger. Remember, these are expenses
that don't qualify for MRRC in terms of calling out because they do have future benefits, but they're
not a part of our longer-term run rate. That was $152 million, and that was $0.08. And we did make a
$50 million unusual contribution to our charitable foundation, and that was $0.03. So if you put all that
together, it was a negative impact to EPS of about $0.18. So we feel good about the adjusted number
because of the quality of these selected items.

On Slide 8 just a couple of comments with regard to loans. As you all know, loans are a real challenge
for us and for the industry now because of what's going on in the economy. Of course, we did see a big
run-up in loans in the second quarter. And likewise, we saw a big rundown in loans into third as a large
number of the corporate line drawdowns were repaid. So we saw total loan reductions of $11 billion. The
$9.5 billion of that was in the C&I area. So that's principally what happened.

We did have some bright spots. We had growth in LightStream, our national consumer digital platform.
Sheffield had a growth, recreational lending, prime auto. We did have some decreases in some other
consumer areas like resi mortgage and so forth. So it's kind of a mixed bag with regard to consumer. But

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

overall, the big story in loans is if you exclude the run-up in balances in the second and the rundown in
the third, relatively flat.

I would say to you that we do expect future headwinds. With regard to the PPP loans, we have about
$12.5 billion there. That will begin to pay off as we head into the fourth and the first and probably the
second.

Loan growth is really challenging now, obviously, that banks are a reflection of the economy. And so we
should not be surprised about that. The real question is what's going to happen to the economy. I would
just point out, and this is just one person's opinion, it's important to look back at previous corrections that
we've had ended virtually [ always ] material precipitating the event. So in 1991, we had the commercial
real estate bubble; 2001, we had the technology bubble; 2008, we had the residential real estate bubble.
But this one didn't have a bubble. This was a very strong 10-year economy, 3.5% unemployment rate. We
just shut it down appropriately so for medical reasons, but we shut it down.

I made that point to say that if this pandemic doesn't go on too much longer, there's a chance that we
can get a snap back in the economy that most people would not expect because it wasn't structurally in
trouble to start with. Now if it stays in a long time, then all bets are off. I personally believe, as we head
into the first quarter, we'll begin to see some real developments with regard to bank gains. We certainly
have already had substantial developments, positive developments with regard to medical mitigation of
[ Signus ] ramification. So we are somewhat optimistic, although cautious, as we think about the economy
going forward.

I will tell you, as I get feedback from our client-facing people, while they're not facing them in a person
as much today, we're talking to people more probably than we ever did now, although virtually. David
Weaver, who runs our Commercial Community Bank, told me the other day, he had 9 calls in 1 day. So
we've been very, very efficient. But to his point, clients are being very resilient. I'm thinking particularly
our middle and upper market. One of the quotes that I got recently was clients to say, "It's time to move
on." And to be honest, that's kind of what we said. We set back for a while and didn't make virtual calls
and said we were waiting for the pandemic. And then several months ago, we just kind of said, "We got
to get on with running our business because our clients need us." So our clients are being today is they're
saying kind of my business is okay. Now the small -- very small micro end is struggling. And depending
on how long this will last, we will see a substantial shakeout in the small business micro market. At the
aggregate economic level, that will reshuffle and reallocate itself. But at a personal level for those small
business people, that's a very sad story. So we've got to hope that this moves along as rapidly as possible.

I'll say finally that our pipelines are improving. Our calling activity is robust, and we feel very good about
where we're going relative to what happens to the economy.

On Slide 9, just a brief comment about deposits, which are doing great. We continue to have a nice inflow
somewhat because of the flight to quality. We had $1.4 billion of increase in deposits on a linked-quarter
basis. We had a $10 billion increase following other previous quarter increases in noninterest-bearing
deposits. So we feel really good about that. Our noninterest-bearing deposits today are 33.3% of total
deposits versus 27.8% in the first quarter. So you can see how rapidly our DDA or noninterest-bearing
deposits have increased.

We've been focusing a lot of attention with regard to getting our costs down with regard to our deposit
structure. And we've made really good progress there. Our total deposit costs decreased from 12 basis
points to 10 basis points. Average interest-bearing deposits decreased 17 basis points down to 15 basis
points. So really good progress in managing our cost of deposits.

I would point out if you're following the math in all of our deposit activity, though, we did divest $2.2
billion in deposits this quarter. And so that's a material factor. So overall, I would say our deposits are
doing great.

With that, let me turn it to Daryl for some more detail.

Daryl N. Bible
Senior EVP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

Thank you, Kelly, and good morning, everyone. Today, I want to cover highlights in the third quarter and
provide our fourth quarter outlook.

Turning to Slide 10. Reported net interest margin decreased 3 basis points, primarily due to lower
purchase accounting accretion. Core net interest margin increased 5 basis points, the first increase since
the first quarter of 2019. Core margin benefited from strong DDA growth, lower funding costs, lower
COVID-related deferred interest. Lower yields on loans and securities remain a headwind.

During the quarter, we used excess reserves to purchase $5 billion of high-quality securities, improving
our yield on those assets by approximately 100 basis points. Our asset sensitivity increased in the third
quarter, and we plan to stay slightly asset-sensitive. We will continue to protect our margin by placing rate
floors on commercial loans and manage deposit costs.

Due to our excess funding position, we are being strategic about deposit costs by focusing on growing
noninterest-bearing deposits. Given the low rate environment, we are replacing pay-fixed swaps to
partially hedge our investment securities and associated changes in OCI. We expect the reported net
interest margin to slightly decrease for the remainder of the year.

Turning to Slide 11. Adjusted noninterest income was relatively flat versus a robust second quarter.
Fee income categories impacted by the pandemic continued to improve. Our activity on deposits is
normalizing, coupled with lower fee waivers. Card and payment-related fees increased as payment
volumes improved. Wealth management income increased as a result of higher market valuations. Despite
the seasonally weak quarter, insurance income grew 6.4% on a like-quarter basis due to firmer pricing and
an uptick in new business.

Residential mortgage income decreased primarily due to a $72 million change in the net MSR valuation
driven by higher prepayments. Investment banking had a record quarter, but trading was off from a great
second quarter, resulting in lower revenue. Other income increased due to the increase in the value of
nonqualified plan assets and other investments.

Turning to Slide 12. Noninterest expense decreased $123 million as losses on debt extinguishment and
higher intangible amortization during the second quarter were partially offset by higher merger-related
costs and a charitable contribution. Adjusted noninterest expense increased $20 million, primarily due
to an increased personnel expense, marketing costs and professional services. The increase in personnel
expense reflects higher nonqualified plan costs that were offset by other income, higher medical costs due
to normalization, pension cost adjustment and reduced labor cost capitalization due to lower loan volume.

Truist remains highly disciplined on core expenses. Average FTEs decreased 769 during the quarter, and
we expect further reductions this year. We plan to close 104 branches in December and January and are
looking at ways to bring forward more branch closures in 2021.

Turning to Slide 13. Asset quality ratios remain relatively stable. The NPA ratio increased 1 basis point to
26 basis points, and the NPL ratio increased 2 basis points to 37 basis points primarily due to C&I loans.
Annualized net charge-offs relative to average loans and leases increased 3 basis points to 42 basis points.

We took a $97 million PCD adjustment to net charge-offs. Excluding that, net charge-offs would have been
29 basis points. The provision of $421 million exceeded net charge-offs of $326 million, increasing an
allowance by $95 million. The allowance was 1.91% of loans and leases, up from 1.81%.

Coverage ratios remained strong at 4.52x net charge-offs and 2 -- 5.22x nonperforming loans. The
combination of our allowance and unamortized fair value mark remains very robust at 2.76% of total
loans.

Turning to Slide 14. Our exposure to sensitive industries continues to decline to a low of 9.1% of loans
held for investment. Outstanding balances to sensitive industries decreased $2.2 billion to $27.9 billion.
We continue to closely monitor and manage our sensitive industry portfolios.

Turning to Slide 15. The volume of loans with the accommodations have decreased significantly since June
30. Approximately $692 million of commercial loans had an active activation (sic) [ accommodation ] at

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

the end of September 30, down from $21.2 billion. In consumer, $6.2 billion had active accommodation,
down from $11.3 billion. The declines reflect expiration of the initial payment relief, which was not
renewed by the borrower.

Since June 30, approximately 98% of the commercial borrowers and 94.5% of the consumer borrowers
who exited payment relief either paid off their balance or are in current status.

Turning to Slide 16. The allowance for credit losses increased $96 million to reflect loan regrading
uncertainty related to the expiration of government stimulus programs. Our economic assumptions
include: extended GDP recovery, high single-digit unemployment through mid-2021, followed by continued
improvement through the remaining reasonable and supportable forecast period. Our ACL estimates also
reflects qualitative adjustments for model limitations, government stimulus, accommodation and the
review of SNC.

Turning to Slide 17. Capital ratios improved for the second straight quarter and are strong relative to
regulatory requirements. Our reported CET1 ratio increased to 10% from 9.7% last quarter. We also
issued $925 million of preferred stock to strengthen our Tier 1 and total capital ratios. The recent assigned
Stress Capital Buffer of 270 basis points remain in effect until September when a revised Stress Capital
Buffer will be provided.

This will -- we plan to submit our capital plan in early November as required by the Federal Reserve. Our
purpose of capital priorities continue to be organic growth and our dividend. We remain open to bolt-on
acquisitions with fee income businesses.

Turning to Slide 18. Liquidity remains strong with an LCR ratio of 117% and a liquid asset buffer of 18.6%.
Our access to secured funding sources is robust with over $200 billion of cash, securities and secured
borrowings. Parent company is sufficient to cover 22 months of contractual and expected outflows with no
inflows.

Turning to Slide 19. We continue to see strong growth in digital banking. Truist opened up 56,000 net
new accounts versus 15,000 last quarter, driven by digital and increased branch traffic. For the 12 months
through August, we experienced a 21% increase in digital sales, 8% increase in active mobile users, 23%
increase in mobile check deposits and a 5% increase in statement suppression. We are also proud of
the recognition we received recently from Javelin. Heritage BB&T was recognized as a leader in Ease of
Use and Financial Fitness in mobile banking and a leader in Financial Fitness in online banking. Heritage
SunTrust was recognized as a leader in Ease of Use and online banking. These awards demonstrate the
strength of our heritage platforms and the opportunities as Truist advances its digital capabilities.

Turning to Slide 20. As we have said, our primary reason for the merger is to exceed client expectations
through seamless integration of touch and technology to create trust. To get there, we are harvesting
cost saves from combined companies to fund increased investment and ultimately drive best-in-class
performance. We are fully committed to achieving $1.6 billion in net cost saves and continue to make
good progress on personnel expense, corporate real estate, branch rationalization, third-party spend and
system decommissioning and data center closures. At the same time, we are also investing in digital,
marketing and technology. We are also investing in talent, including areas outside of digital and our
revenue businesses. Together, these investments and cost saves will allow us to generate best-in-class
returns versus our peers while providing distinctive, secure and successful client experiences through
touch and technology.

Now I will provide our fourth quarter guidance, which is based on linked-quarter changes versus the third
quarter, so our guidance provides a path to positive operating leverage. We expect taxable-equivalent
revenue, excluding onetime security gains, to be down 1% to 3% driven by lower purchase accounting
accretion. We expect reported net interest margin to be down 3 to 5 basis points due to lower purchase
accounting accretion and core margin to be relatively flat. Core noninterest expense adjusted for merger
costs and amortization is expected to be down 2% to 4%, reflecting lower personnel expense. We also
anticipate net charge-offs to between 40 and 60 basis points.

Now let me turn it back to Kelly for a merger update, closing remarks and Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

Kelly Stuart King
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Daryl. If you'll follow along on Slide 21, I would say to you, generally, the merger is on track.
Integration and conversion, we feel really good about where we are. We're making really great progress.
Most importantly, our culture is really strong. And I would say to you kind of interestingly that the COVID
experience has actually bonded our team together even faster than we would have expected because
when you go through a really, really tough time and you kind of thrown in the boat together, it encourages
our strength in terms of development relationships, trust and bonding. So we could not feel better about
how strong our culture is and how well it is developing.

Some very notable activities in terms of the integration and conversion. We did complete the branch
divestiture, as I mentioned. We recently announced something we're very excited about, what we call
Truist Ventures. This is where we are making relatively small but important investments in technology
platforms that we can build into our value proposition. We are testing now for our client conversions in
wealth and mortgage, which will come up in the spring. So there will be a number of conversions that
have occurred or will occur on the way towards the final full conversion. We did launch our dual service
branch pilots. This is a technical thing, but it's very important as we move down the road, as Daryl alluded
to, in terms of accelerating our branch closings as we head into next year.

Very importantly, we did complete our end-to-end Truist Securities conversion. This is a big deal. As you
know, this is the first virtual conversion that has occurred, and it was seamless. Our people did a fantastic
job. And it's a big deal because we are a really big securities operation now, backing up our corporate
and investment banking business. Our core conversion is on track for the first half of '22. So we feel good
about where everything is with regard to integration and conversion.

If you look at Slide 22, just a word about our value proposition as we wrap up. We are, as I said in the
beginning, driven by our purpose which is to inspire and build better lives and communities. Our goal
long term is to grow earnings with less volatility relative to our peers over the long term. That's kind of
the commitment we made to our shareholders. We base that on a very exceptional franchise with diverse
products, services and markets. As we said, we are the sixth largest commercial bank in the U.S. today
that gives us scale to be able to compete. We're very strong in our marketplace, and that gives us the
efficiency that we need.

We are the sixth largest insurance broker. We have really strong growth there. I think we're going to
report a 5.3% organic growth, which we believe will probably the top in the market. We're the #1 regional
bank on investment firm. We're the #2 regional bank originator -- or mortgage originator and servicer. So
very, very strong franchise.

We're really positioned well to be best-in-class in terms of efficiency and returns. At the same time, we'll
be investing heavily in the future. As Daryl said, we are confident in achieving our $1.6 billion of net cost
savings. At the same time, we'll be investing in our revenue synergy operation. I will tell you that our IRM,
our Integrated Relationship Management strategy, is going great. As you know, in the beginning, we've
said there were huge opportunities to leverage the strength that SunTrust had and the strength that BB&T
had. And I would say that is ahead of schedule. The receptivity of our people with regard to cross-selling,
if you will, of these products and services across the organization is robust. And frankly, there's just a lot
of enthusiasm about it.

We are making key investments in technology, in our teammates, in marketing and in advertising, all
of which will drive our above-average organic growth and long-term, stable and growing profitability.
But at the same time, we have a very strong capital base, as you can see, very strong liquidity and a
very resilient risk profile. We're very prudent, disciplined risk and financial management. We have a very
conservative risk culture. We have very diversified benefits arising from the merger that was just kind of
naturally implicit in the merger. We stress that very well, as you've seen, we have very strong capital, very
strong liquidity. And we have a very strong and defensive balance sheet, which is insulated by purchase
accounting marks, combined with the CECL credit reserves.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

So overall, I would say we have a great culture. We have a great franchise. We have a great team. And we
fully believe -- I fully believe our best days are ahead. Ryan?

Ryan Richards
Director of Investor Relations
Thank you, Kelly. BJ, at this time, will you please explain how our listeners can participate in the Q&A
session?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We will now take our first question from Ken Usdin from Jefferies.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Daryl, I want to ask you a question on the expense side. Clear that your timing on the cost saves is on
track from a long-term perspective. Two pieces. Number one, at what point do we see the incremental
operating expenses start to settle back down? They've been on a steady increase since September of last
year. And then two, can you give us any update in terms of your expected realization of those cost saves
as we kind of reset the bar in a COVID world and understand like just your timing recognition of those cost
saves?

Daryl N. Bible
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. So Ken, what I would tell you is that we are still on the uptick in our merger and MOE-related
expenses. We are just going through the developing phases of that. Testing starts in the first quarter as
we start with [ SET ] testing and then we go into UAT testing as we get ready for client day 1 in early part
of 2022. So I would say we're still on the uptick there.

To date, since we announced the transaction in February '19, we have about $1.5 billion of combined
MRRC and MOE-related expenses. And at that time, we said we would be at $2 billion. I don't have a
number of what it is going yet. We can probably give that to you in January. And we will probably exceed
that number sometime in the first quarter, the $2 billion number. I want to give you a number and make
sure we hit the number that I give you in our earnings call in January from that standpoint. So we're
coming through figuring all that out, and we'll get back to you on that.

But I would say we'll still stay elevated for the next several quarters as we -- and we have thousands and
thousands of people right now working on hundreds of systems, getting them ready, getting them tested.
And we just got to make sure this is flawless. I mean we have to be -- have a great client experience. We
have to make sure everything goes right. It costs a little bit of money.

You have to remember, Ken, on this, we chose to choose the better of the 2 when we had our choices. We
didn't take the easy way out and just convert everything all one way or the other. So for a commercial
platform, we chose to use the heritage BB&T servicing system, AFS, coupled with the heritage SunTrust
and [ CNO ] piece. That takes a lot more time, a lot more complexity. But when we get it done, we will be
so far better.

We're doing it in the retail banking platform as well where we have the BB&T heritage deposit system,
coupled with heritage SunTrust automated teller. Again, more complexity. But when we get through all this
in '22, we will be light years ahead of most of our peers because of what we're doing from that. So it's the
right thing to do. It costs a lot of money to do it. We're going to do it right, and we're going to execute it.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Got it. And one long-term question. I know that with the low 20s ROTCE, the outlook that you had
previously was pre-COVID, a lot of changes out there. Consensus for '22 is obviously nowhere near it. Can
you help us understand like what you think is doable longer term? Obviously, the provision is a big input
into that. Or at what point do you think we can get some updated expectations on what's doable for this
franchise?

Kelly Stuart King
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

So Ken, we still feel confident over the long term and the original expectation of low 20s ROTCE.
Remember, we're already very, very strong in the environment that we're in today. And as Daryl
described, we're really just getting started in terms of getting the long-term investment -- investments
made and the related expense reductions that will follow. And then, of course, you've got all the revenue
synergies that I alluded to. So we feel very, very good about that. Obviously, we'll ebb and flow some
based on the economy, but that's still a reasonable number for Q4.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We will now take our next question from Michael Rose from Raymond James.

Michael Edward Rose
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Just wanted to get -- Daryl, I just want to get some color on this quarter's PCD review. And then if you
can give us some credit metrics around the kind of the select at-risk exposures. I obviously saw the
balances drop. But if you can give us any sort of sense on what the migration looked like this quarter in
some of those at-risk exposures.

Daryl N. Bible
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. So Michael, I'll take the PCD question, then I'll take to Clarke, and he can maybe answer the
accommodation piece of it. So on the PCD, remember, when we closed in December, we closed under the,
in now what I would say, old accounting method where we had to set up PCI. When CECL came in into
January, we went from PCI to PCD. In that process, we went through -- we grossed up loans and carrying
values in connection with the establishment of PCD of our best estimates.

As we -- as the year played out, what we realized is we grossed up the loans, and we should have not
grossed them up to the full value. They should have been today charged off from that perspective. So
it was an adjustment that we made this quarter. We think we've gone through the book, and we've cut
everything there. So in essence, we would have just had a different number in the first quarter when we
got our CECL numbers. But it was an adjustment that we made. It's a noncash item, and we had really
good charge-offs. If you exclude that 29, we had a good charge-off; even if you add that in at 42, both
beat guidance.

Clarke?

Clarke R. Starnes
Senior EVP & Chief Risk Officer

Thanks, Daryl. Michael, as far as the sensitive industry, you see on the slide there we've got in the deck,
we had a nice couple of million dollar reduction this quarter. It's been a very targeted effort to work with
those borrowers and reduce the exposure. So I would say the highlights of the quarter there is we work
very aggressively to get a handle on, particularly, in the energy portfolio and the hospitality side. We
actually sold $300 million worth of hotel credits at pretty good pricing and also address a good bit of the
energy book.

So to give you some context, nonperformers in that portfolio of sensitive industries are still less than 100
basis points. And we have less than 2% of those balances there in any kind of accommodation or deferral.
So I consider really strong progress, and we'll continue to watch that closely, and it's all considered in our
reserves as well.

Michael Edward Rose
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Okay. Appreciate that. And maybe just as my follow-up. You guys had 10% CET1. Obviously, buybacks
on hold for you and others this quarter. How should we think about capital deployment? Any updated
thoughts that you guys have would be appreciated.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

Kelly Stuart King
Chairman & CEO

So Mike, we're really happy to be at 10%. And as you know, we have said that, that was our target. So
that's a very comfortable position. As we think about it going forward, it's really a function of, of course,
when we're actually able to do buybacks and dividend increases. But the way we think about it is about
risk projection. And so if we look forward and we feel like the economy has stabilized and growing, if we
look forward in terms of the pandemic and it's under control and we can feel comfortable in terms of a
projected relatively stable, less volatile, growing revenue streams, then we'll feel comfortable in terms of
turning back on buybacks and considering dividend increases.

I'd say today, it's just premature. We just don't know what we don't know. And to go out there today and
try to make those kind of assumptions, I think, is a shoot in the dark. I do think, as we head into next
year, we'll see clarity with regard to the pandemic. We'll see clarity with regard to the economy. As I said
earlier, I think there's a chance that the economy will still be better than the most think. So there's a
decent chance we'll have that decision to make as we head into the, let's call it first half of next year. But
today, it's just a tad premature.

Operator

We will now take the next question from Gerard Cassidy from RBC.

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Daryl, can you share with us -- you mentioned that you guys purchased $5 billion of securities using your
excess reserves, and you helped the NIM by about a basis point. What's left? I mean how much more of
the excess reserves can you put to work? And can you also share with us what was the duration of those
purchases to be able to put back higher net interest margin even though it was only 1 basis point?

Daryl N. Bible
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. So Gerard, so our current duration of our portfolio because of prepayment speeds picked up were just
a tad over 3 years right now, 3.1. But they do have negative complexities, so it is -- can move in and out
from that perspective.

What I would say is that we are in the midst of moving some more of our liquidity that we have. In fact,
we have a little over $30 billion at the Fed. Currently, we are moving that over, some of it, this quarter,
maybe more of it into early next year. We are layering in some hedges. Now I would tell you the hedges
that we're putting on are pay-fixed hedges. We're buying mortgage back, which, as you know, has cash
flows that paid out over the life of those assets. The way FASB has approved a hedge accounting on this,
it's only allowed to use bullet swaps. They do have a task force that they are working on, trying to look
for other ways to allow for this. It's called last layer of hedging, and we're hopeful that we'll be able to put
on a little stronger hedges. But the hedges we're putting on will mute some of the OCI volatility. If they
get come through and allow us to use maybe amortizing swaps instead of just bullet swaps, that would
significantly improve the performance of those hedges. So we're hopeful about that. But we are trying to
hedge it the best that we can.

Right now, the cost of these pay-fixed swaps are really low at 12 basis points. So it doesn't really impact
it. So we are in the midst of [indiscernible]. Yes, I always look at it as an opportunity cost right now. We
could have lower rates for the next 3 years. That's what's in the forecast; 5 years, if you just don't know.
And I think it's good to be deployed.

The way I would think of it, though, is that if rates were to go up or we started to lose some of the search
deposits, our cash flows from this investment portfolio we're building could be easily $10 billion a quarter.
So we could just not reinvest. If we have strong loan growth, we could use that cash flow to deploy into
loan growth. So it gives us a lot more flexibility, a lot more optionality. And it also helps protect our margin

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

and help run rate. You pay us to run our company and do what we think is best. We think this is a good
balanced approach to managing the company.

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Very good. And as a follow-up, Kelly, I share your view about vaccines in this COVID and the therapeutics
that we'll have next year. And hopefully, the economy really starts to open up. But I want to come back to
something you said about the small business owners and if the economy doesn't come back, there could
be some more meaningful fallout. Can you kind of frame for us -- and I know it's subjective, but can you
frame for us when does -- if the economy doesn't come back by the second quarter or the first quarter,
when do you really start to get concerned about that fallout?

Kelly Stuart King
Chairman & CEO

Well, Gerard, that's something else that we don't know. But I think today, that -- some, of course, have
already gone away. I mean they couldn't -- for whatever reason, they couldn't qualify for the stimulus.
They chose not to. They just threw in the towel. But that's a small percentage. Most have been buoyed
by the stimulus support, PPP and other loan assistance programs. As that begins to phase out, these
businesses will have tougher decisions to make. But I'll tell you that a lot of these small businesses are
pretty creative. I mean they're pretty resilient. And so I mean, I wouldn't expect to see a majority of small
businesses fold or anywhere close to that. I think most are going to find ways to reinvent their business.

It's incredible how smart all business people are. They've been -- basically, my whole career, they're a
pretty tough group. So I wouldn't write them off. I'm just saying that if it hangs on into the second quarter
and [ at the end day ], consumers are back out buying again, and we will see a shakeout.

So here's the thing today, consumer purchases are back up. If you look at the credit card activity, I mean,
it's up year-over-year. So it went through a trough. It's back up year-over-year. So they're buying but
buying in different ways. So what these small businesses have to do is figure out whether it's carry out or
dine out in the backyard or whatever it is if you're a restaurant. The creative ones will figure it out. Some
won't be able to figure it out, and they'll have to find another career. But I think that all will begin to be
clear as you are -- as we head into the second quarter.

Operator

We will now take our next question from John Pancari of Evercore ISI.

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Just on credit, so a couple -- a 2-part question there. First, on the delinquencies, it looks like both 90-plus
and 30 to 89 increase. I'm just trying to get some color what you're seeing beginning to migrate. If there's
any concentration there, what's driving that? And then separately, on the loan loss reserve, if we do see
the delinquencies start to interpret into a steady rise in charge-offs, is it fair to assume as charge-offs rise
that you're adequately reserved, and accordingly, you could see the reserve-to-loan ratio decline as that
happens?

Clarke R. Starnes
Senior EVP & Chief Risk Officer

All right, John, this is -- yes, this is Clarke. I'll answer that, John. On the delinquency side, we typically
see, in consumer anyway, some elevated early stage as you go through the second half of the year.
So third quarter is going up a little bit, part of that seasonal. You'll see a lot of it's concentrated in
the government-guaranteed portfolios around student and mortgage. So that -- if you take that out
particularly for your 90-plus, that was the majority there. It was flat otherwise. So again, nothing alarming
at this point. We anticipate part of that each year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

And to your second question, all of that is considered as we go through our modeling and our allowance
and our view of the scenarios that we selected. So yes, I think we've assumed there will be further
deterioration as we move forward. This is very likely, and that's all been included in our estimate to date.

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Okay. Good. That's helpful. And then secondly, on the net interest margin front. I know that you indicated
that -- Daryl, that the reported margin should see some slight pressure through the remainder of the
year. I just wanted to get your thoughts on the core margin outlook, just given some of the actions you've
taken and how you're thinking about that from here.

Daryl N. Bible
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. So I would tell you, we had a good drop in deposit cost this past quarter. We still think we have room
to go there. So our interest-bearing costs are 15. My guess is over the next quarter or 2, we'll be single
digit. I think that's just the direction that we're headed right now. I think that's a possibility. I think that
will help.

I think as we can grow some of our consumer portfolio successfully, that will help mitigate some of our
core margin. You have higher yields in those portfolios, and that would definitely help as we were able to
be successful in growing that.

And the other thing I would just tell you is that we are doing everything we can to protect our core margin
and try to grow as much as we can to offset the runoff. The runoff of purchase accounting is a little bit --
it's hard to predict. It depends on how the loans pay down on that. My guess right now is that it would be
down 3 to 5 right now, but you really don't know what's going to come through from that. You just have to
do the best that you can with what's running off from that.

But with PPP coming out over the next couple of quarters, that will help keep core margin probably in
the 2.70s, and that will help mitigate the reduction of GAAP to what, depending how much you get PPP
paydowns. Our guess is a bulk of our paydowns will come in the first quarter or maybe second quarter.
We'll get some this quarter. Recall, our company has about $12.5 billion of PPP loans on the books. We
are planning to have invitations sent to all of our clients in the month of November, so they'll all get
invitations. How quickly they can respond with the documentation, and we submit it to SBA is just a huge
process. That's why we're thinking it's more centered in the first half of '21 than in this quarter, but you
don't really know. It's an unknown right now.

Kelly Stuart King
Chairman & CEO

Well, a couple of other things. Keep in mind that our people have been very successful in terms of floors
with regard to new loans and existing renewals. The other thing is that if the economy comes back faster,
which I think it may, there's going to be a substantial pent-up demand for expansions. And so we will see
an increase in loan demand for, I call it, normally priced loans, which will be a plus with regard to NIM. So
a couple of things there could really help us on, in addition to what Daryl said.

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Got it. That's helpful. I know you said relatively flat on the core NIM in your guidance. I was just looking
for the drivers behind it and then maybe the behavior beyond that.

Operator

We'll now take our next question from Betsy Graseck from Morgan Stanley.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

Okay. A couple of questions. One is on how you think about the reserve relief. I know it's early to ask
this question, but we all model out a couple of years. So I'm just trying to understand what your thought
process is with regard to when you would start to release reserves. Is it to match any net charge-offs that
you get from here? Or maybe there's something else you're thinking about you could let us in on?

Daryl N. Bible
Senior EVP & CFO

Clarke, do you want to take that or?

Clarke R. Starnes
Senior EVP & Chief Risk Officer

Yes. Yes. Maybe I'll start, and then Daryl or Kelly you can kick in. Certainly, Betsy, we think it's premature
to be talking about releases right now given the environment. So I think you'll see in our estimate this
quarter we've been, I think, prudent around considering there's still a lot of economic uncertainty around
whether there'll be any more stimulus, what the ultimate outcome of these accommodations are and just
the pace of the recovery. So I think for us, we would want to be sure we have much better clarity there
and see the economy on a very firm ground and the client performance be at a really strong level before I
think you'd see us consider releases.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

And I guess, the question -- yes, go ahead.

Kelly Stuart King
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Just one of the things to be kind of interesting. So to your point, if everything were precise, as I
understand it, the economy was -- performs as we expected in terms of our CECL projections, rates are as
we projected and our net present value now is the same as what we project, if all of that would happen, it
would be 100% correlation between reserve projections and charge-offs. But as Clarke said, it's not going
to be 100% correlation.

And the other thing is, and I hope this is not true, but do we get any pressure from the regulators to hold
theirs up even though all the math and all the concepts say should be coming down? We've not heard a
thing about that, but that's, by the way, a lot going.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Yes. So how does that work with CECL, as my follow-up question? I know maybe that's a little bit longer
than the time you want to spend on it, but -- on this topic. But the question really is around how to think
about the trajectory of the reserves from here. Like in the old incurred loss model, there was some general
reserve that you could have. And I'm just wondering, as we go through this recession and we have --
maybe some asset classes are experiencing greater-than-expected loss; others, less than expected loss,
can you shift the reserves around? And the question really ends up being, how fungible are the reserves
that you've put up against these specific asset classes that you've identified?

Daryl N. Bible
Senior EVP & CFO

Hey, Clarke, I'll start this. You want to maybe add to it. But I mean, we do it both ways, Betsy, and that
we do a bottom-up analysis. So our modelers go through, when we model all of the portfolios, and we've
brought it against the scenario, and we come up with a bottom-up analysis. Given the limitations of the
models and the uncertainty in the environment, there's always top-down adjustments that occur that are
basically in play there. So it's really -- it's a process you go through. And it's -- you have to know what
you have in the models today. If the economy gets better and everything else stays the same, you could
see a release potentially. But that's not reality. Things are always changing. Things are always getting

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

regraded up and down in the portfolio. Client behaviors are changing, more charge-offs or whatever. So
it's always a dynamic process.

I think Clarke and his team do a great job in analyzing it. We thoroughly review it several times before
we come up with our numbers each quarter. So it's just it's hard to predict right now especially with the
uncertainty how high the economic variables are today and the model limitations out there. There's a lot
of qualitative adjustments occurring right now.

Clarke?

Clarke R. Starnes
Senior EVP & Chief Risk Officer

No, no, I think you said it well, Daryl. I think it's very granular by segment, and that segment analysis in
our view of the economy and the impact on all of that does allow us to adjust the estimate as needed. And
so you could have differences quarter-to-quarter by those different segments, and that could impact the
level of the estimate.

Operator

Our next question is from Mike Mayo from Wells Fargo.

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

My question goes to Slide 12 where the efficiency trends have not gone in the right direction the last
couple of quarters, but you just gave guidance for that to improve in the fourth quarter. You talked about
personnel savings, CRE brands, third-party systems and closing 104 branches. So I think I'm summarizing
what I heard. So my question is, why not more? Why not faster? This is one of the biggest merger
overlaps that you've seen. You're allowed to close branches starting in December. Yesterday, U.S. Bancorp
said they're going to close 300 branches, and you just said you're going to close about 100 branches. It
just seems like you could do a lot more. And are you being too safe to get the merger integration smooth?
I mean you are growing deposits. It's not -- no blow ups, and I'm sure you're protecting the long-term
franchise. But I thought that efficiency story would be coming in a little sooner than it's come in.

Daryl N. Bible
Senior EVP & CFO

So Mike, I'll start with that, and then others can help me finish the answer. So I'll start with -- we have 5
buckets of cost savings. You started with the branch system. So we are closing 104 branches, as I said in
my prepared remarks, in the December, January time frame. I also said that we're looking at opportunities
to pull forward some other branch closures in 2021. We aren't at the stage yet to announce exactly what
we're going to do there. But we did give you an indication that there is a possibility, and we wouldn't have
said that if it wasn't a strong reality that we're going to pull forward a significant piece of some branch
closures in 2021. We'll give you that once we are able to do that.

If you look at our third-party spend, the third-party providers, to date, right now with dealing with
vendors, our sourcing and procurement teams have basically realized $266 million of savings from that.
We think that run rate translates into about $300 million in 2021. They are not at their goals yet. They're
still trying to get more savings. We think that will occur over the next year or so. We hope those numbers
will exceed $400 million before it's all said and done from a run rate perspective.

As contracts come up, as we redeploy, we're still going through the process of negotiating contracts with
an end provider of these services that we are having right now. So not everything can be fully negotiated
yet.

Next one would be in our nonbranch facilities. We talked about that in our last earnings call. We have
29 million square feet outstanding if you add branches and nonbranches out there. We talked about
potentially taking 5 million square feet out in our nonbranch areas this next year. We said the average
cost of that on a gross basis was $30 a square foot. There will be a little bit investment come back as we

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

refit under the socially distanced areas and all that for the buildings that are surviving. We have branches
that will probably not have another 2 million to 3 million square feet there. So we'll be close to 20 million
square feet probably by the end of 2021 in our company from that perspective. So that's 1/3 that we're
taking out very aggressively, very quickly.

The fourth area is in technology. I talked about it in the prepared remarks. We're just now getting in the
midst of getting through conversions. We've done some small conversions, not client-facing, and we've
started to decommission systems, started to get systems there. We just did the conversion in both area in
capital markets, large corporate area and all that stuff. So that -- those savings are going to be captured.
As we get through conversions in the first quarter in Joe's area with wealth and broker-dealer that we
have there in that: one is in the first quarter; the one in the second quarter, it takes probably 3 to 6
months before we get through and get those systems decommissioned. Scott has plans to -- we don't
need 4 data centers right now. We're going to end up with a couple of data centers at the end of the day.
That will probably be a '22 savings. So we will get those savings. It's just a matter of when we are able to
get those closed and get everything transferred.

And the last one, our personnel. If you look at our FTEs, every quarter, they have been falling in FTEs, that
we pulled forward FTEs. As we go through these conversions, we're going to have continued FTE closures.
I mean we don't need as much of areas on the support side as we go through these conversions and get
things finalized.

So there's a lot to come. We are not backing down from the $1.6 billion. We aren't backing down from the
timing. We're going to come through on target like we said we were, and this is just a way of doing it.

Kelly Stuart King
Chairman & CEO

And Mike, just to amplify, your question is a good one. It's appropriate about the branches. But 2 points.
Up to this point, we have been cautious in terms of closing branches because we want to have maximum
availability for our clients. Keep in mind that we've had to basically put down a lobby, and we're fortunate
about 98-plus percent of our branches have drive-throughs, so our drive-throughs have been open
throughout. For the last several months, we've had in-branch activity based on performance only. We just
opened up this week like 1,500 branches full-service in the lobby. So once we get the branches back to
kind of normal and our client service capability is back to normal, then we will be more invested in terms
of the closings. Because we have a large number of branches that are literally side to side, actually, in
many cases, sharing the tiny parking lot, and our people, as Daryl alluded, are literally in the process of
developing an aggressive plan with regard to that, so don't hear us say we're not going to be aggressive
with regard to branch closures. But we're not just going to announce it today because they're literally in
the process of putting the final touches on what it's going to look like.

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

And then one follow-up. Just to put a bow around it, how much in merger cost savings do you have so far
in the third quarter run rate? And what do you expect for 2021 and 2022 again?

Daryl N. Bible
Senior EVP & CFO

So for the third quarter, we're probably around 35%, give or take. We're still targeting 40% in the fourth
quarter. The guidance that we gave is in the middle of that range that I gave you there, so plus or minus
on that side of that.

For the end of fourth quarter of '21, we're still at 65% of the $1.6 billion and then the whole $1.6 billion by
the end of 2022. So we are not changing the timing of that.

Operator

We will now take our next question from Saul Martinez from UBS.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

Saul Martinez
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Following up a little bit on NII, Daryl, Ken. Daryl, what is embedded in your fourth quarter core NIM --
reported NIM guidance for PPP forgiveness, if anything? And can you just remind us or give us an update
as to what you are thinking right now for procurement rates over, I'd say, I guess, the next 3 quarters?
And any color on what the sort of the fee rate is on that forgiveness because, obviously, it does move the
needle a bit on NII with that accelerated forgiveness?

Daryl N. Bible
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. So what I would say, when we talked about this last quarter, our estimate hasn't really changed in
that we still think 75% of it will pay off with this forgiveness piece. That's a guesstimate. We really don't
know. We are, like I said earlier, sending invitations out to everybody from that.

For this fourth quarter, of that 75%, we're probably around 20% but a shot in the dark of what actually
might get paid off. We really don't know the timing. If you look at the news that came out last week from
the SBA and the 2-pager for the $50,000 and less, the numbers on that is out of our 80,000 clients,
we have 45,000 clients that are $50,000 or less, but it only represents 7% of the dollars. So it's a huge
volume piece. So hopefully, a lot of that, most of that will probably get processed very quickly. But we've
actually gone through and done some forgiveness on a limited basis, just to learn the process, and we've
actually gotten paid from the SBA on a couple. So we're learning and gearing up, and we're getting ready
to do it holistically out to everybody at once, once we get the processes all lined up. So we're gearing up
for that.

We think the first quarter, Saul, will be our biggest quarter. Right now, the estimate is around 60%, and
the rest would be in second quarter. But you really don't know. I mean it's -- I mean the timing of it is, it's
a pure shot in the dark, but that's what's in our numbers right now.

Saul Martinez
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Right. And I know it's more tilted towards the first quarter. But does your fourth quarter guidance explicitly
incorporate that 20% particularly assuming certain fee rate on top of that? And I know I'm getting a little
bit nitpicky here, but if you can kind of strip that out, yes. Okay.

Daryl N. Bible
Senior EVP & CFO

There is risk. I mean if it's less than 20, we may miss 4. If it's more than 20, we may barely exceed 4. But
that won't be the only end-all, be-all [ as far as our products, ] there are other variables. But that is an
assumption that plays out, absolutely, there.

And the other thing you need to think about, Saul, is when can you realize it. Just because somebody
sends it in, do you realize that when they send it in or when actually they get the dollars wired back into
us. So we're working with our external auditors on the timing of when will we recognize that -- these
payoffs.

Saul Martinez
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Right. Without PPP forgiveness, can you maintain core NIM [ flat ]? Or is it pretty much impossible to do
that given where the rates are?

Daryl N. Bible
Senior EVP & CFO

My guess is that the core margin without PPP is probably in the high 2.60s right now. That would be my
guess, maybe still 2.70%. I mean we are -- it all depends on what Kelly said, the loan growth, the ability

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

to grow the higher-yielding portfolios and really get a mix change. If we could just mix, invest some of the
excess liquidity that we have in loans versus securities or Fed balances, that's a really positive way to help
your core margin. It's just a matter of trying to get the loan volume to support that.

Saul Martinez
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Got it. Just one final quick, just absolutely, just want to make sure. Does the guidance for expenses and
revenue, that is based on the adjusted noninterest expense number $3.147 billion and incorporates the
adjusted noninterest income, I guess, of $2.106 billion. Just want to clarify that.

Daryl N. Bible
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. In my prepared remarks, I adjusted both the expense side and the revenue side.

Ryan Richards
Director of Investor Relations

That concludes our Q&A session. Thank you, BJ, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I apologize
for those with questions we didn't have time to get to. We're happy to reach out to you later today with --
to address those questions. We wish you all the best. Goodbye.

Operator
This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your
call.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

