The TJX Companies, Inc. NYSE:TJX
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, November 18, 2020 4:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.39

0.71

Revenue  (mm)

9385.40

10117.29

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-18-2020 1:33 PM GMT

82.05

7.80

0.65

0.15

2.56

11747.20

32241.86

41802.94

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.77

(0.18)

(0.13)

0.39

0.81

(0.74)

(0.18)

0.71

SURPRISE

5.19 %

NM

NM

82.05 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 18, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Debra McConnell
Senior Vice President of Global
Communications

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Scott Goldenberg
Senior EVP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Alexandra E. Walvis
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Kate Bridget Fitzsimons
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Kimberly Conroy Greenberger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Lorraine Corrine Maikis
Hutchinson
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Matthew Robert Boss
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Omar Regis Saad
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Paul Lawrence Lejuez
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 18, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TJX Companies Third Quarter Fiscal
2020 (sic) [ 2021 ] Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this
conference call is being recorded November 18, 2020.

I would like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Ernie Herrman, Chief Executive Officer and President of
the TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, sir.

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Jordan. Before we begin, Deb has some opening comments.

Debra McConnell
Senior Vice President of Global Communications

Thank you, Ernie, and good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the
company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and
the implementation of the company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's
SEC filings, including without limitation the Form 10-K filed March 27, 2020, and the Form 10-Q filed
August 28, 2020.

Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by the TJX Companies, Inc.
Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior
consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of the United States copyright and other laws.

Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no
responsibility for any inaccuracies that may appear on that transcript.

Thank you. And now I'll turn it back over to Ernie.

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is Scott Goldenberg. I'd like to start our call today
by expressing our sincere gratitude to all of our global associates for their continued hard work
and dedication as we navigate the business through this health crisis. They have helped us achieve
monumental tasks over these past 8 months. We are especially proud of their commitment to our health
and safety protocols for both associates and customers. I want to give special recognition to our store,
distribution center and fulfillment center associates. We are truly grateful for their commitment to keeping
our business open and moving forward, which requires them to physically go into work.

In recognition of their efforts, we have once again awarded a majority of them an appreciation bonus to
be paid in November this month. We will continue to look for opportunities to recognize associates in the
fourth quarter for their continued contributions for the business.

As we keep managing through the global pandemic, I want to share our continued concern about the
human impact of COVID, including on our associates and customers. I know the news around the
resurgences is difficult for all of us to see. As an international retailer with operations around the world, we
continue to follow government mandates in our regions, which means at this time, we have some stores
temporarily closed. Currently, the vast majority of these are in Europe with only a very small number in
North America.

Moving to the business update. I'm going to start with a recap of our third quarter results, followed by
some comments on the fourth quarter and then move to the market share opportunities we see for TJX in
the medium and the long term.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 18, 2020

Now to our third quarter results. I am very pleased that both our sales and earnings per share well
exceeded our plans. Overall, open-only comp store sales were down 5% and earnings per share were
$0.71. Further, sales exceeded our plans across each of our divisions. Our above-plan third quarter results
reinforce our confidence in the flexibility and strength of our business model over the long term.

The third quarter marked the first quarter this year that nearly all of our stores were open. Despite the
numerous macro headwinds, including COVID and its impact on consumer behavior and the limitations
and costs of operating with new safety and occupancy protocols, we generated strong cash flow and saw a
strong rebound to our top and bottom lines.

We are convinced that we can continue our successful profitable growth once we are past this health crisis
and the environment normalizes. To provide more detail on the drivers of our above-plan sales in the third
quarter, we believe that the combination of improved merchandise mix, higher store inventory levels, our
focus on safe in-store shopping experiences and the restart of our marketing campaigns were all factors.

First, we significantly improved our assortments in the seasonality of our product. We have made progress
in flexing our buying dollars and shifting to higher-demand categories. We saw strength in our home,
beauty and activewear categories across Marmaxx, TJX Canada and TJX International.

It's great to see consumers seeking out our banners for the categories that they currently deem
important. Our buyers have done a terrific job delivering great merchandise and values throughout the
store for all of our categories, including both the hot trending categories and the softer trending areas.

Second, overall inventory availability and the buying environment are excellent. Our buyers have done a
great job communicating with our vendors and leveraging our global buying offices in this environment.
We've also added hundreds of new vendors this year. Our merchandise flow to stores has improved since
last quarter. And we felt good about bringing customers the terrific values they expect from us in the third
quarter. We are -- we expect our inventory flow to incrementally improve throughout the fourth quarter.

I especially want to highlight the outstanding sales results at our HomeGoods banner. We believe that our
aggressive expansion of HomeGoods over the past 5 years has positioned us very well to capture outsized
home share in this environment.

Next, our merchandise margin was up significantly. With excellent overall inventory availability, mark-on
was very strong. Markdowns were also better than anticipated as sales exceeded our plans and consumers
responded favorably to our fresh merchandise mix.

We also continue to receive very good feedback on our health and safety protocols from customers who
have shopped in our stores. Our marketing organization works very closely with the store operations
teams to develop clear and helpful signage to convey our commitment to a safe shopping experience to
our customers.

We believe our health and safety focus will be important to consumers as they decide where they are
comfortable doing their in-store shopping this holiday season and beyond.

Lastly, we generated very strong cash flow and further increased our liquidity during the third quarter. As
we announced today, our current financial liquidity and flexibility gives us the confidence to reinstate our
quarterly dividend subject to Board approval. We expect the dividend to be at an increased level compared
to the last dividend we paid in March. Scott, of course, will talk more about this and the tender offer we
announced this morning in his financial update in a moment.

Moving to the fourth quarter and our opportunities for the holiday selling season. First, we are convinced
that we will be a gifting destination again this holiday season. With our wide selections across many
merchandise categories, we believe customers will find gifts for everyone on their list in our stores and
online. And our treasure hunt shopping experience offers customers that element of discovery when
they're looking for some inspiration for what to buy for the people on their holiday list.

Second, we plan to flow fresh product multiple times a week to our stores and online throughout the
holidays so that shoppers can find new gift-giving assortments every time they shop us.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 18, 2020

Next, we believe our holiday marketing campaigns, which started airing earlier this month, will help drive
customer traffic. We are highlighting our terrific gift assortments and excellent values with messaging such
as spend less, gift better and big love, small prices.

In the U.S. and Canada, we will leverage the strength of our retail brands together in multi-banner
campaigns. In Europe, we are leveraging our campaign across each of our European countries. At the e-
commerce, we continue to add new categories and brands to our U.S. and U.K. online businesses. This
holiday season, we are planning to offer an expanded assortment of gifts for those shoppers who prefer to
shop online.

We feel very good about what we have planned this holiday season. However, we continue to see
significant COVID-related headwinds that we believe will make it difficult to achieve the level of sales that
we would normally expect during this time of the year.

First is the recent resurgence of COVID cases and the consumer impact. In addition to leading to more
temporary store closures, this also continues the uncertainty around shopping behavior. We see some
consumers are still reluctant to shop in stores and others may make fewer shopping trips this holiday
season. Again, we believe our health and safety measures will encourage consumers who are comfortable
doing in-store shopping this year to return to our stores.

Second, we anticipate some pressure during peak shopping times in some stores from occupancy limits
and social distancing protocols. We have several initiatives planned to help mitigate some of this pressure
and to improve traffic flow and speed of checkout.

Lastly, we are seeing softer demand for certain product categories given the number of people continuing
to spend more time at home.

While we are emphasizing the high-demand categories of home, beauty and activewear, there's a limit
to how much of our mix we would shift in the short term to medium term -- medium to long term. While
much of what I just discussed are macro headwinds that could persist until a vaccine is widely available
and the environment normalizes, we feel very confident in the market share opportunities we see ahead.
We are laser-focused on the continued successful growth of TJX and see numerous opportunities to
leverage our strengths.

First, we are convinced that our great brands at great values concept is an enduring retail formula that
we will continue to be a major draw for consumers. Our surveys tell us that our customers love our
differentiated treasure hunt shopping experience and we are convinced that this will continue to serve
us extremely well when more consumers are comfortable shopping our stores. We believe our value
proposition gives consumers a compelling reason to shop us in this environment, and we'll continue to
attract shoppers over the long term.

Second, we believe our relationships with vendors will grow even stronger as other retailers close stores.
We see the power of our global sourcing from a universe of over 21,000 vendors as a tremendous
advantage.

Next is the flexibility of our buying, store formats and distribution networks, which we see as a key
strength in a rapidly evolving retail landscape. This flexibility allows us to offer consumers a broad mix of
branded merchandise across a very wide consumer demographic.

Fourth, we see a significant opportunity to continue our global store growth over the long term. We are in
an excellent position to take advantage of real estate availability to open new stores and relocate existing
stores. Further, we plan to continue remodeling stores to further upgrade the shopping experience. As we
look to capitalize on opportunities to attract more new customers in the future, we want them to have a
positive shopping experience when they visit us to keep them coming back.

Lastly, we see a great opportunity to capture additional share of the home category, which has been
strong for us for many, many years. In the short term, we have been increasing our home mix at all our
banners to capture our piece of the incremental demand that is out there.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 18, 2020

Going forward, we believe the strength of our buying team, which numbers over 400 homebuyers, our
global buying offices and strong relationships with vendors around the world will allow us to capitalize
on the best merchandise available in the marketplace and bring our shoppers exciting home fashions at
terrific values.

Today, I am excited to share with you that we plan to launch e-commerce on homegoods.com later next
year. We believe HomeGoods e-commerce will allow us to leverage both our strength in the home category
and the power of our global buying organization and sourcing universe. We believe this will allow us to
satisfy our current customer base, which is expanding and continue to attract new shoppers.

The passion of our HomeGoods customers is terrific to see. And we are looking forward to bringing them
our great brands and values 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.

In closing, I want to reiterate that the entire management team is laser focused on navigating through
these times to ensure the stability of the business in the short term. At the same time, our sights remain
on our strategic vision for the medium and long term and capitalizing on the numerous opportunities
we see for our business. We are prioritizing our investments in our associates, stores, supply chain and
systems to strengthen our infrastructure and positioning to execute on our growth plans.

We believe we are in excellent shape to build on our leadership positions in the U.S., Canada, Europe and
Australia over the long term. TJX has successfully grown its business through many retail and economic
cycles throughout our 43-year history. And I believe that we'll come out of this health crisis an even
stronger company on the path to even greater success in the future. Again, and most importantly, I want
to thank all of our associates worldwide who have shown an amazing commitment to TJX and have done
outstanding work over these past 8 months.

Now I'll turn the call over to Scott for a financial update and then we'll open it up for questions. Scott?

Scott Goldenberg
Senior EVP & CFO

Thanks, Ernie, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to first echo Ernie's comments and thank all of our
global associates for their hard work and commitment over these past 8 months.

Now to Q3 results. As Ernie mentioned, open-only comp store sales were down 5%. We were very pleased
that overall sales and sales across all of our divisions well exceeded our plans. Overall customer traffic
was down but improved versus the second quarter. Average basket increased and was strong again as
customers responded favorably to our fresh mix and put more items into their cards.

Merchandise margin was up significantly this quarter driven by stronger mark-on and lower markdowns,
which included a benefit due to the timing of markdowns between the second and third quarters.

As to the cadence of sales, overall, open-only comp store sales were sluggish in August and improved
significantly for the remainder of the quarter with September being the strongest month. While hard to
quantify, we believe much of this improvement was due to a combination of a more seasonally appropriate
merchandise mix and improved in-store inventory levels as the quarter progressed.

Moving to the bottom line. Third quarter earnings per share were $0.71, which was significantly better
than we anticipated. Earnings per share included a $0.09 benefit from our lower tax rate versus last year,
which was due to a true-up of our year-to-date tax rate as well as the shifting of income and loss positions
across our operating jurisdictions.

I want to also remind you that our EPS reflects significant cost headwinds related to COVID. Similar
to the second quarter, in the third quarter, these costs primarily included incremental payroll in stores
for enhanced cleaning and to monitor occupancy, personal protective equipment for our associates and
incremental expense related to the third quarter associate appreciation bonus. In total, COVID costs
accounted for approximately $270 million of incremental expense in the third quarter.

As for our third quarter balance sheet inventory, the decline was due to a combination of items. First, we
intentionally planned lower in-store inventory levels to accommodate social distancing and to account for

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 18, 2020

the planned decline in our year-over-year sales. Second, sales were stronger than we expected in the
third quarter. So we were replenishing our inventory quicker than we planned. And lastly, we continue to
experience merchandise delivery delays due to continued bottlenecks in the supply chain.

While overall inventory was down, in-store inventory levels improved significantly compared to the
second quarter and are close to where we want them to be in this environment. To be clear, availability of
merchandise in the marketplace is excellent and is not a factor impacting inventory levels.

Now I'd like to walk through our third quarter cash flow and liquidity. During the quarter, we generated
$4.1 billion of operating cash flow. This was primarily due to an increase in working capital and strong
net income. We also benefited from lower capital spending and maintaining tight expense controls during
the quarter. As a result, we ended the third quarter in a very strong liquidity position with $10.6 billion in
cash.

With such a strong liquidity position, we were very pleased to announce that we expect to reinstate our
quarterly dividend in the fourth quarter subject to Board approval at a rate of $0.26 per share. This would
represent a 13% increase versus our previous dividend of $0.23 last paid in March of 2020. If approved by
the Board in December, the dividend will be paid in March of 2021.

Next, we announced this morning that we launched cash tender offers for up to $750 million aggregate
principal amount for certain of the bonds we issued in April of this year. The goal of these tender offers
and the financing I'll discuss shortly is to lower our borrowing costs by reducing the outstanding amount
of our higher interest rate longer-dated bonds and issuing lower interest rate bonds. While we cannot give
specific guidance at this time, if any of the bonds are successfully tendered, we would incur a pretax cash
charge in the fourth quarter related to the extinguishment of this debt.

Keep in mind, if nobody tenders their bonds, the charge will be 0. If $750 million of bonds are tendered,
the onetime pretax charge could be in excess of $225 million. We will disclose the results of the tender
offers and the approximate size of the extinguishment charge when available.

We also disclosed this morning that we plan to issue new bonds maturing in 7 and 10 years. We plan
to use the proceeds of this offering together with cash on hand to finance the tender offers, which are
conditional on our issuing the bonds. We may also use some of the offering proceeds for general corporate
purposes.

As we said in our release, we are not providing a financial outlook for the fourth quarter due to COVID
and the increasing uncertainty around temporary store closures and the consumer shopping behavior in
this environment. As a point of reference for the 2 weeks of the fourth quarter, overall open-only comp
stores were down 7%, similar to the trend we saw in the last week of October. As a reminder, regardless
of comp sales trends, overall sales for the fourth quarter will be negatively impacted due to temporary
store closures.

That said, I do want to highlight a couple of significant items that will negatively impact our fourth quarter
bottom line versus last year. First, we are expecting an increase in the amount of incremental COVID
costs compared to what we saw in the third quarter. Second, there will be a negative impact due to
the temporary store closings, which are most -- currently mostly in Europe. Lastly, we expect higher
incremental freight costs in the fourth quarter due to capacity constraints and higher rates.

I also want to mention, from a sequential standpoint, merchandise margin in the fourth quarter will not
get a benefit from a shift in markdowns like we had in the third quarter. And further, fourth quarter freight
expense will be significantly higher than what was in the third quarter.

Wrapping up, I want to reiterate the strength of our third quarter results while operating in a nonoptimal
environment. We believe that our third quarter sales, earnings and cash flow demonstrate what TJX is
capable of when nearly all of our stores are open for a full quarter. We believe we have been prudent in
our financial approach to planning the business and management of our balance sheet. And we ended
the quarter in a very strong liquidity position. We are confident in our ability to manage the areas we can
control, like buying, merchandising and store operations. We have a proven retail business model and we
believe we are set up very well for continued success once this health crisis is behind us.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 18, 2020

Now we are happy to take your questions. [Operator Instructions] Thanks. And now we will open it up to
questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 18, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Matthew Boss.

Matthew Robert Boss
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Congrats on the business improvement.

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Thank you.

Matthew Robert Boss
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So Ernie, maybe where do we stand today with inventory replenishment and supply chain constraints
relative to our conversation 3 months ago? And just given the industry disruption as a whole, what's your
confidence in accelerating market share out of this pandemic? Maybe if you could just touch on some of
the off-price industry barriers to entry that you think are important?

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Sure, Matt. Well, let me hit a high point that, first of all, to separate at a high level the short term
versus the longer term. So the short-term environment is -- and I'm really addressing the big picture
you're getting at is what happens to off-price and us TJX as we kind of come out of this. The short-term
environment right now, we would say is a little more volatile than it was at the beginning of the third
quarter when you look at all the COVID cases rising, which were in multiple occasions. So it's not just the
U.S. We're talking Europe, U.S. everywhere pretty much we are. As we mentioned, we have a number of
stores, over 400 stores closed in Europe right now.

So it's a little more volatile short term. However, I'm going to give you a complete 180 and just say
we are very bullish on the longer-term outlook because that feels significantly better than it did at the
beginning of Q3 when we didn't know where all of this was heading. Certainly, the recent news of the
vaccines and what that could do in terms of helping, as Scott mentioned, when customers get comfortable
shopping stores in general, I think we are going to be positioned extremely well to come out of the box
and gain more market share from brick-and-mortar or across many categories. Not just in the home area,
throughout the whole store, I think we're going to be positioned.

So if you look at all the store closures that have happened -- and I'm guessing you're kind of getting that
issue where there's this market share opportunity. But how is our inventory replenishment, I think you
asked in the beginning and supply constraints, et cetera? That, we see getting incrementally better month
by month as we move forward here. Certainly, there's been some -- as you probably have heard, industry-
wide there were some West Coast slowdowns that have impacted some categories but not to the point,
in our case, where it has really saddled or had a material effect on our flow because we are actually right
now fairly happy or pleased with the amount of inventory we have in really all of our divisions, all of the
brick-and-mortar specifically. Of course, in Europe, right now, it being shut down for a few weeks doesn't
matter with regard to inventory.

But we're feeling really bullish. Medium-term, long-term inventory replenishment availability is pretty
high. We've had to recently slow down all of our buying in most of the divisions and departments within
the stores because the availability out there is just -- as you might expect, it's more than it was a number
of months ago. And I think that just has to do with the cadence of the wholesalers now trying to get back
on track and project where retailers are going to be and bring in more goods.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 18, 2020

So I hope that answers your question with regard to inventory replenishment, supply, where we think the
short term is versus the long term. Again, this is why you're seeing us be a little more cautious on the
fourth quarter because of the volatility out there. But again, as we look into next year, feeling very good.

Matthew Robert Boss
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

That's great. Maybe, Scott, as a follow-up, could you just help quantify the magnitude of merchandise
margin expansion in the quarter? What drove the performance? And then with inventories lean exiting the
quarter, what's the best way to think about merchandise margin opportunity in the fourth quarter?

Scott Goldenberg
Senior EVP & CFO

Well, the last part I'll have Ernie just jump in right there because I think -- just briefly and I'll get back
after Ernie talks. But our merchandise margin was strong across the board, across all our divisions. The
mark-on was extremely strong and I think...

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Significantly.

Scott Goldenberg
Senior EVP & CFO

And I think that in terms of the fourth quarter.

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

And markdowns were also -- Matt, this wouldn't surprise you because we were lean through a lot of that
third quarter and we're still lean. And the way our sales were -- I don't want to say only down 5, but down
5 was well ahead of where we had thought they would be based on the environment and the inventories.
Our markdown rates were all much better than last year. The percentages were less than last year, which
was healthy.

Inventory levels, we show were lean. But if you walk into our stores right now -- and this is any brand.
If you walked into Winners, T.J. Maxx, Marshalls, HomeGoods, you would feel the inventory levels feel
very appropriate based on social distancing, the way consumers shop. Versus 3 months ago, inventory --
average store inventory levels are less than they are this time of the year. So when you're -- say you're
down whatever the number is, whatever percent you are against those levels, the stores are going to feel
a little more naked than they are today. So today, they feel very appropriate when you walk in our store
inventory levels, which is why we're saying we're happy with them.

We're happy with the way the turns are right now. They're not extreme in either direction, not too light,
not too heavy. But again, we're trying to watch with what's going on in the safety protocol and the social
distancing and balancing that whole store experience with our sales.

Scott Goldenberg
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. And just, Matt, to just go on a little in terms of the rest of the merchandise margin. There was the
timing of the markdowns. So that was significant, worth approximately 50 basis points that benefited us in
the third quarter.

Having said that, we still were up -- we were up still quite a bit on our markdowns. HomeGoods and
Canada drove -- the majority of that is HomeGoods, as you would expect, given the comp they had with
chasing the inventory. We had very few markdowns compared to, at any point, at HomeGoods. So that
was certainly the driver of that but also strong markdown performance in Canada.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 18, 2020

In our gross profit, we also had savings in some of the things that get booked into there like travel and
other things on that we had savings for. We also had some government credits and other things that get
booked into that, that we're also saving.

So -- and then there was a small benefit -- well, not small but 30 basis points benefited from the hedges
in the quarter. But having said all that, yes, it was still an extremely strong merchandise margin in the
quarter.

Operator

Our next question comes from Omar Saad.

Omar Regis Saad
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I appreciate all the information, guys. I wanted to ask a follow-up on your confidence in the market share
opportunity longer term. If we think about the consumer kind of step function migration online during this
pandemic, is your confidence based on consumers kind of remigrating away from online and coming back
to stores? I know traffic isn't quite back to where it is if you have any data around that. Or especially given
the HomeGoods e-commerce announcement, are you -- do you have greater confidence that you're going
to be able to get greater penetration in the digital channels and gain market share that way? Or is it a
combination of both?

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Great question, Omar. First of all, a combination of both definitely, I would say, but way, way more
impactful on the store capturing the market share opportunity with the stores. And the HomeGoods, why
I'm excited about the HomeGoods online business is we believe it's very complementary to -- I think you
and I have talked about this before. That is a group of -- some of our most passionate customers are our
HomeGoods customers. So clearly -- and then a lot of home business is being done online. And so there's
a -- there's just such a big territory out there of market share we can go to grab from.

But a bulk of the market share, I still think is customers -- as witnessed by what HomeGoods has been
doing in comps recently, there's just the bulk of customers that really want to go shop our stores. And the
market share opportunity as we -- as people get more comfortable for them to come back to our stores.
We can just tell from what's been happening now in any area where it's normalized. We're running some
really strong numbers, sales revenue numbers in those markets.

So the store closures issue across the country on brick-and-mortar because at the end of the day, X
percent of customers still would like to go to stores. And not everybody wants to buy their apparel even
online. They don't always want to buy a sofa, a chair, an accessory item. They want to feel the fabric.
Again, we talked about this before that when things normalize, we should get the increased market share
because of all the store closures that have happened with brick-and-mortar. I believe we're going to
capture a lot of that coming out of this.

So it's a little of both but I would say the store pickup is really where -- and the home -- I think
HomeGoods will be one of the healthiest divisions as we move forward into next year in terms of the
ability to just keep capturing, especially in the medium term. Long term, I think as businesses start to
getting the vaccines kick in, I guess you could argue people will be less at home more. But I do believe
businesses across the country and in other countries, you're going to have X amount of employees stay at
home that weren't at home. So if that's 25% of the office workforce stays at home that wasn't, that should
still give win to the HomeGoods business, I think, for a handful of years.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kate Fitzsimons.

Kate Bridget Fitzsimons
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 18, 2020

Ernie, you sound obviously very bullish on HomeGoods market share opportunities. Can you just speak
to maybe how you're evaluating longer-term store counts especially within that division? It seems like
certainly, you feel pretty optimistic about some of the opportunities out there.

And then just as home becomes a bigger piece of the mix, what are some of the margin implications we
should consider just given higher freight typically associated with that category?

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Sure, Kate. I'll start off and then I'll hand it over to Scott. On the store counts, we've started to --
obviously, when COVID first started, we started -- we put a little bit of the brakes on but we only did that
for a number of months. And now if we look out -- I think Scott might have it. As we look out to fiscal '23,
calendar '22 -- well, first of all, we're still opening stores next year and then the year after. We have now
started to ramp those up a little bit because we're bullish on it.

There's a great real estate opportunity out there as we've talked about. So what we've wanted to do
-- and this applies, by the way, with relocations in Marmaxx or in new stores and with HomeSense in
Canada. Our home business is great across the board. But specifically HomeGoods, we've started to get
more aggressive on FY '23 openings.

Scott, I don't know if you want to jump in on that.

Scott Goldenberg
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. I think it's across the board. I think we have -- I mean again, we -- as we've talked about the last
2 quarters, we slowed down significantly a lot of our openings this year that -- even on stores that we
had signed and moved them from fiscal '21 to fiscal '22 or calendar '21. So this year, we're opening up
approximately 50 stores next year, already in the hopper, well north of 100 and we'll be higher than that.
We're just not giving out our plans. But as Ernie said, we're signing stores across all of our divisions. And
for fiscal -- and certainly signing stores for calendar '22 and would expect to have -- start growing up into
that -- at least that 3% range of store openings as a percent of growth.

There's a lot of opportunity as Ernie said in his prepared remarks. It's not just the store openings. We're
able to relocate a lot of stores which are -- we're going to be repositioning. And I think we'll be back on
track of relocations next year across all our divisions with certainly a lot of opportunity in Marmaxx as well
and then obviously, with lease renegotiates in the box. So I think there's a lot of opportunity in the real
estate and we're starting to, as Ernie said, sign those.

So too early to give numbers for what next year and the year beyond look other they'll be in the triple --
we'll be well north of 100 openings and growing significantly.

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

I'll just jump in with one other thing, Kate. We're talking about HomeGoods Total. But another place where
we're tweaking that and we'll be opening some stores -- because our trend there has also been strong as
with some HomeSense stores scattered amongst the other total HomeGoods stores. So if there's -- if the
real estate deal is right and it's near our HomeGoods, right, Scott, we're going to take advantage of that
with some additional HomeSense stores as well even though we might already be in the market again with
the HomeGoods. Again, as we've seen, our cannibalization when we open up a HomeSense right near our
HomeGoods has been close to nonexistent. If anything, we're seeing a slight lift with the HomeGoods. So
-- because of differentiation. So again, that's our other vehicle. I know we don't talk about it as much but
it's been performing well over the last 6 months.

Operator

Our next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 18, 2020

Lorraine Corrine Maikis Hutchinson
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I wanted to ask about SG&A. You spoke about the $270 million of incremental costs this quarter. Clearly,
you found some offsets. So I was just wondering what those were and if there'll be ongoing savings.

And then secondly, will the entirety of the $270 million COVID-19 costs go away post vaccine?

Scott Goldenberg
Senior EVP & CFO

I'll jump in just to start on that. And then I think what Ernie was alluded to in terms of the encouraging
news on the vaccine is that over time, stuff like the COVID costs will slowly get better. But right now, it's
too early to say when our COVID costs are going to be decreased in the stores.

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

And my focus on that statement was more about the sales. It was really about, Lorraine, the benefit we're
going to see over time. All it needs is a few point swing in consumer comfort, the consumer feeling more
comfortable to shop brick-and-mortar. And that literally translates into a few point increased trend in our
sales. So that's really what I was referring to...

Scott Goldenberg
Senior EVP & CFO

But in terms of the COVID costs, at this point, it's too early to say that -- we have no plans at this point
to be reducing our COVID costs. I mean when they'll reduce, I guess we'll know there when we get there.
But we're not going to be doing that until customers are going to be comfortable shopping in our store and
taking those costs away.

So at this point, for the fourth quarter, and then we'll address it as we get to year-end, we would expect to
have the full amount of COVID costs continue to be implemented.

In terms of the offsets to that and the third to fourth quarter, yes, what's -- we do have government relief
that we've been getting particularly in the third quarter from Canada and Europe that are still -- that we're
offsetting the cost. Unfortunately, that will be decreasing in the fourth quarter as we will not have some of
the subsidies that we had in the third quarter. So the net will be going up a bit. Also, as we increase our
hours, we do -- we are increasing our cost for COVID in the fourth quarter.

Offsetting some of that is we've had pretty good savings in the third quarter on advertising, travel and
other payroll-related areas, some of which we've talked about as we do have some closure of our fitting
rooms, et cetera. Some of that will be reduced. As we open up the business and are spending money in
marketing, we will have less savings. So we would expect some of the net cost for COVID to go up in the
fourth quarter. But overall, the net COVID costs -- and why we delevered 160 basis points SG&A is the
COVID costs were up a bit in the third quarter. But still, we didn't have enough savings to offset that.

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

If I could just also jump in. Lorraine, one thing we're conscious about, where we think it's a benefit to us
coming out of this is really -- the last thing we want to give up strangely enough on the COVID costs is
because we're getting a lot of credit with the consumer on our safety measures that we put in and with
our associates. And then we get this from survey data where we're surveying constantly in different stores
throughout the country. And we're getting high scores, which is one reason we think we're doing as well
as we are, actually. We believe our sales wouldn't be this good -- the customers that are willing to shop
brick-and-mortar right now are coming into us and based on the surveys that we've been doing are feeling
safe and the experience is safe and organized.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 18, 2020

And so we know we're spending to do that. I'm almost looking at that spend as, yes, safety for our
customers and our associates #1 priority. It's almost indirectly a marketing business getting spent at the
same time. And I think that's going to plant a loyalty issue with customers coming out of this as we move
forward.

So to Scott's point, we are not -- on the COVID costs, we're not letting go of those too quickly because we
think it's helping our top line.

Operator

Our next question comes from Paul Lejuez.

Paul Lawrence Lejuez
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

A couple of quick ones. Ernie, you mentioned you signed up 100 of new vendors this year. I think you do
that every year. So I'm curious if you're seeing any difference in the vendors that are coming onboard with
you, how you might categorize them versus what you would see in a normal year.

And Scott, payables-inventory relationship looks a little out of whack. Just curious if that's something that
will go back to normal, if so, when and -- or if there was something that has changed as a result of this
environment and -- that will continue to benefit you in future quarters. Just those 2 items.

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Sure, Paul. So the first one, very good merchant question. Yes, there's a little different complexion on the
new vendors because what's happening is they have tended on -- the new ones have tended to not be
the big, huge, enormous household name vendors. They've been some of the more -- we would call them
icing, more niche-type vendors that add a nice flavor to our mix because some of those vendors were --
historically, they haven't had that many goods or the need because they're not huge vendors but they give
a nice eclectic excitement level to our mix.

So it's been really neat for us to -- and I get recaps frequently from the division that's shown that we've
really opened some vendors recently that -- we didn't think there were many vendors left that we weren't
doing business with. But there are some of these niche vendors that we've actually been doing more
business with in the last quarter that are making up more of those new vendor numbers than we had,
had before. Whereas before you would have more the main -- we'd open up more the mainstream guys,
always new. Now we've had some of these more special guys. Sometimes not huge quantity, by the way,
but it's great because you feel there's a relationship that just started that should benefit us next year and
the year after.

So great question. It is a way -- because it's not just about the numbers, to your point. It's about the
quality of who you're opening up.

Scott Goldenberg
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. And Paul, in terms of the overall inventory levels, I think, as Ernie said, we started to get to the level
of the stores that we wanted to be. I think store inventories will still remain lighter than last year primarily
due to social distancing and having -- planning our inventory ourselves lower than last year. So I think
that will remain probably pretty constant. And we're still chasing the goods. So we're -- our overall DC
level inventories will be lighter than at the end of the year than they were in the previous year. I think
they will go down a bit from where we are now as going back to some of the efforts Ernie alluded to in
terms of mitigate the impact that the supply chain has. But overall, we'll go down but we will still not have
the same levels.

Paul, just to be clear, when you looked at the 2 previous years, we had some fairly significant inventory
increases that we're going against and some of that was in the distribution center. So when you look
at it on a 2- or 3-year stack, it's not as different. But I would say the big difference is just we will have

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 18, 2020

less distribution center inventory than we normally would have. And I think the overall freight aspects of
it, we're going to be getting better. But it's still, as you probably heard from others, the -- some of the
capacity and other freight issues are not going away. I think we're just doing a good job paying for it to
get the inventory into our locations this year.

Paul Lawrence Lejuez
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Got it. I was also asking about the payables relationship to inventory and if you've seen something
change there on a more permanent basis or if that might -- that relationship, that ratio might go back to
something more normal.

Scott Goldenberg
Senior EVP & CFO

That will be -- what we've seen is -- we had increased some of our payable terms across the board. We
have decreased them but still at levels higher than we -- what we normally would have pre-COVID. That
will be to be determined as we go through the next year.

So obviously, a lot -- as I in the prepared remarks said, a lot of our benefit had to do with the, A, lower
inventory levels but also significantly higher payables balance. That should start to normalize. And that --
and some of that will flip as we move into next year. So it will still be a bit higher in terms of the terms but
it is going down.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger.

Kimberly Conroy Greenberger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great. Ernie, the long-term benefits in terms of just the positioning of the business was very, very clear.
And obviously, here in Q3, we saw exactly how resilient the business is. So it makes a lot of sense.

I wanted to ask you about 2 things. First, the operating margin in the quarter even with the incremental
COVID costs -- and I understand, Scott, that there were a couple of different discrete items that benefited
gross margin. But the operating margin on the business here in the third quarter was very much in line
with what you've delivered for the last 2 years in the third quarter. So I'm wondering if there has been
any learning in -- through this COVID period or any kind of efficiencies that you've been able to glean that
would potentially allow you to deliver higher margins post COVID than pre-COVID.

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Right. Yes. So Kimberly, I get exactly what you get. Obviously, we're very pleased with the margin coming
out of this. One of the dynamics that's going on to help offset the COVID costs is this extremely healthy
merchandise margin, which -- the question is when we come out of COVID, will that still be to that degree.
And it's kind of a -- you're at a weird situation where we're taking advantage of coming out of COVID. And
we're still doing this now as well as we look out what we placed.

The opportunities in the marketplace at the mark-up, I think, that Scott referred to has just been very
advantageous. Do we believe there's some of that opportunity in the future? I believe there is some of it
because we will mean more now even more than we did before to many of these vendors because of so
many of the brick-and-mortar guys going on and we're so branded focused. So if you're a key branded
player and you want to deal with a solid retailer who is also, again, not very visible with the product,
right? And it's part of a treasure hunt shopping experience. I believe there will be some benefit still going
forward. I just don't think we will be able to maintain to this degree.

However, do I think we've learned some things from it to probably come out of this and say, hey, we've
learned some ways to buy and work with certain vendors and inventory levels? By the way, Kimberly, to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 18, 2020

your point, that maybe we can help with our markdown rates even a little more than we thought. I think
all of our teams would say yes to those things. And so I think on the merchant side, which is a big chunk
of what allowed us to deliver the margins, right, Scott, in the quarter, I think we did have some pretty
good learnings. I just don't know if we can move it to that degree on the margin rates over the long, long
term. Over the next few years, I think, yes, some good learning. Good question.

Scott Goldenberg
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. I think on the expense side, it's a mixed bag. I mean a lot of the savings that we got in the second
and third quarters were due to just shutting things down that would not necessarily be good for the
business for -- in a -- looking out over a couple of years such as some of the advertising and capital and
others, which really cut to the bone, which certainly we've benefited by. There are -- certainly are areas
that will be less. I don't think there are hundreds of millions of dollars like on travel and others, which we
will certainly have learned. And we'll certainly do different things and some occupancy and other things
which will benefit us in the very long term.

But on the other hand, there are costs such as whether it's wages in the distribution center or freight costs
which are to be determined whether they're -- you are going to -- are they incrementally up and what that
growth will be like. So net-net, it's still -- we're still not -- it's not clear exactly how it's all going to play
out.

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Especially on the expense side, Kimberly...

Scott Goldenberg
Senior EVP & CFO

On the expense side.

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Whereas on the merchandise margin side, I think yes. There's definitely some learnings and more tangible
things we can look to the future and say we should be able to use some of that for the future. I think the
expense items are a little...

Scott Goldenberg
Senior EVP & CFO

Right. I do think given our cash position -- and we'll have to see. It's an uncertain environment but we'll
have to see how we -- where we end up at the end of the year going into the first quarter. But given the
strength of our balance sheet at the moment, we certainly took on the COVID debt that we did in the early
April time frame that certainly we would look to -- as we're doing in the marketplace today, we would look
longer term to try to delever the balance sheet as we move through the next year and getting rid of some
of those incremental interest costs that we had.

Kimberly Conroy Greenberger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

That's great. That was extremely, extremely helpful. And I just wanted to quickly follow up, Ernie, on
something you said in your prepared remarks. You said something about there are limits on how severely
you would be willing to shift your mix of goods in the short term as more people stay at home. And I was
just wondering if you could just add a little color to that.

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 18, 2020

So we have actually been running on our trending. This is about how drastically would we shift our
category mix, right, within the stores. And I would tell you that we have -- at this point, without being too
specific, we have been running at a little -- over half of our business is being done at this point, which is
not the case a quarter ago in the -- what you would call the hot trending categories or departments within
the business.

And a lot of those obviously were the ones that we have benefited from a COVID environment. And then
the other -- so but that still leaves you with a chunk of the store that -- the one reason we were able to
achieve a minus 5% is we were not -- it can't drop 80% in those other areas of the store. We wouldn't
only run a minus 5%. Does that make sense?

So what I was trying to bring is a balance. And you know in a treasure hunt shopping experience, we
wouldn't want our store -- we wouldn't want a T.J. Maxx or Marshalls to be a home-only store, right? Walk
in and that -- 2/3 of the store is home. That would not be a healthy thing. I'm giving you these extreme
cases because I'm trying to answer your question without giving the exact numbers. But a little -- over
half of our business was done in the hot trending areas. So that was very aggressive. We got there very
quickly.

And then we're going to watch that balance. We actually continue to drive those hot businesses over the
next 3 to 6 months. But we buy so hand to mouth as you know. We can adjust based on trends. But we
believe those hot categories will stay hot over the next 6 months anyway as home will go longer than that
for sure.

We just are trying to do as good -- our merchants are doing a very good job on the nontrending areas,
you would call them, and really trying to do the best mix of excitement and value. And you know how
we always talk about good, better and best brands, et cetera, and levels of product. In all of those areas
that even aren't considered hot, our merchants have been going out and really trying to deliver a great
excitement and do maximize the sale, the demand that's out there. We want to maximize the sales within
that demand that's out there on those nontrending areas.

So that's why I was trying to say we want to limit. We don't want to artificially swing a pendulum too far,
which as you know, retailers can do that sometimes and get yourself into trouble.

Scott Goldenberg
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. And Kimberly, I would just add to that, that we're -- on some of those -- both the trending and the
nontrending areas, we're buying better in both. So one might not expect that but we are. And the second
thing is...

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Kimberly, you can see that Scott has been trying to get closer to the merchandising area of recent.

Scott Goldenberg
Senior EVP & CFO

I'm not going to take debate on that on the call. But also, I think going back to what Ernie was talking
about market share opportunities. Look, as Ernie said, we're still very much in business in many of those
-- in all of those nontrending categories. And once customers start coming back, both the ones that are
-- and our average basket is up. So the average basket is up because they're curating their visits to go a
little less once that when they get more comfortable and don't want it, we're going to have more shopping
visits from our existing, let alone the new customers.

But once the customers who haven't been shopping come back in some of these nontrending categories,
they are shopping elsewhere. It was mentioned earlier, whether it's online or at the mass merchants. And
I think those -- a lot of those -- that benefit that others are getting, they're going to be shopping and
getting -- going to our store for the values we have in those nontrending categories.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 18, 2020

So I think we will get market share back not just from the closed stores but from others who have
benefited that -- once customers shop more and are comfortable going and doing multiple visits, we're
going to get more than our fair share.

Operator

The final question of the day comes from Alexandra Walvis.

Alexandra E. Walvis
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I had 2 questions. So one on HomeGoods. Any thoughts at this stage on the potential for that online
business. Is it perhaps as a percentage of the total? And anything on the margin implications of that given
the cost of shipping some of that home products.

And then my second question was just a follow-up on this freight discussion. Scott, any thoughts at this
stage on how much of a headwind that could be in the medium term as we go into next year or a little too
early to talk about that?

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Okay. I will -- okay. So on HomeGoods, I want to make sure -- I know I heard the first part. So we are --
this is so early. So we're going to -- we're planning right now on launching homegoods.com in the back
half of next year. And so right now, obviously, it is not something we would be giving our numbers out as
to what we're expecting to do for business.

Again, what I would say is we're hoping it's going to be complementary to our stores because the way
we might orchestrate homegoods.com will be different than some other home retailers because we have
so many brick-and-mortar HomeGoods stores where we feel we can encourage a visit based on an online
purchase and encourage not just a return but a potential visit to the store as well, as well as obviously do
straightforward HomeGoods purchases. So we're still -- again, we're pretty much a year away from the
launch of this. So we really don't have any tangible numbers that we would be giving out on that at this
point.

I'm sorry. On the second part of the question, was that about margins or on HomeGoods or...

Alexandra E. Walvis
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Yes, just the margin implications on for HomeGoods specifically of building an online business given some
of the...

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Clearly, it is not the same. It is a -- I guess you would call it a delever, right, Scott, to begin with,
without a doubt. Our mission here, though, is for the future. Again, it's more of a longer-term play to
capture market share over the next 5 years. And there is so much -- it's a bit of a tiger by the tail, I would
call it, with HomeGoods. Anyone that knows HomeGoods customers and their passion for it knows we are,
I think, going to do a decent amount of sales fairly quickly.

We're also going to try to help with the profit, though. We're going to operate this differently. I can tell
you this, we're going to set it up where it's being done as a -- we would call it in conjunction with our
HomeGoods business where we're going to take inventory that's been bought for HomeGoods and use that
to funnel to our online business.

So we're going to be more efficient in the organization that we set up there from a cost perspective.
Different than most online businesses when you set it up as an entirely separate team. This will have
only a small separate team where it's working in conjunction with our planning and our inventory at

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 18, 2020

HomeGoods and basically peeling the goods off from that. So that's going to be a really neat approach for
us on it. So we're very excited about it.

Scott Goldenberg
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. And not to end with negative news on some of the costs, but you alluded to the costs. So 2 of the
things, one, Ernie alluded to is the -- probably the biggest one for the quarter is just the fact at the
moment that we have 471 stores closed, not in our control based on government announcements and
current guidelines. And they're closed in a point in time right now, now through sometimes the early
December, where that impact is -- could be 3% to 4% of our sales. So if you do the math, that's a
significant amount of dollars and is probably the biggest impact to the fourth quarter.

And the second you alluded to is on freight. Yes, freight costs will be going up. I think right now, we're
paying higher rates. This will probably start to, we would hope, go down as we move through next year.
But it could be 30 to 40 basis points of incremental deleverage in the fourth quarter. Again, but I think our
guys have been doing a great job of getting the product and delivering it to our distribution centers. So
thank you, Alex.

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Alex.

Okay. So I think we reached the end of our call. I thank you all for joining us today. We will be updating
you again on our fourth quarter earnings call in February. And from the team here at TJX, we hope you all
stay well and we wish you good health. Take care, everybody.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you
for participating.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 18, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

