The TJX Companies, Inc. NYSE:TJX
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, May 21, 2020 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

(0.18)

(0.74)

NM

0.07

1.39

2.60

Revenue  (mm)

4945.67

4408.89

(10.85 %)

6410.96

34009.26

42072.01

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-21-2020 2:41 PM GMT

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.62

0.66

0.77

(0.18)

0.62

0.68

0.81

(0.74)

0.00 %

3.03 %

5.19 %

NM

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Debra McConnell
Senior Vice President of Global
Communications

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Scott Goldenberg
Senior EVP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Alexandra E. Walvis
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Kate Bridget Fitzsimons
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Matthew Robert Boss
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Michael Charles Binetti
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Omar Regis Saad
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Paul Lawrence Lejuez
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to The TJX Companies First Quarter Fiscal
2021 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded May 21, 2020.

I would like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Ernie Herrman, Chief Executive Officer and President of
The TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, sir.

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Jordan. Before we begin, Deb has some opening comments.

Debra McConnell
Senior Vice President of Global Communications

Thank you, Ernie, and good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the
company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results
and the implementation of the company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the
company's SEC filings, including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 27, 2020. Further, these
comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies, Inc. Any recording,
retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent
of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we
have provided the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for
inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript.

Thank you. And now I'll turn it back over to Ernie.

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is Scott Goldenberg.

Let me begin by saying that our hearts are with everyone around the world who has been affected by
the COVID-19 global pandemic. When I last spoke with you in February, we could not have foreseen the
magnitude of the impact the pandemic has had on the lives of so many, including our associates and their
families, customers and the communities we serve across the globe. These are unprecedented times, and
we have made some very difficult decisions as a management team. At the same time, the efforts of our
associates to support each other and the business through this health crisis have been remarkable. And I
know we will get through it together.

TJX has always been and remains a fundamentally very strong company. Throughout our 43-year history,
we have weathered many challenging economic and retail environments, and I am convinced that we will
navigate through this as well. We have a senior management team with decades of TJX and off-price retail
experience, and we are fully dedicated to managing through this crisis. We are confident that our flexible
business model and ability to adapt quickly to changing market conditions and customer preferences are
critical strengths as we are reopening our business and planning for the continued successful growth of
TJX over the long term.

In a moment, I'll speak with you about the strong early results we have seen with our initial reopenings,
which has been great to see, especially for the teams working so hard on the preparations as well as our
associates who are welcoming back our customers.

Moving to our first quarter results. The first quarter began with very strong sales and traffic trends,
continuing the earlier strong fourth quarter trends. For the month of February, we delivered a 5%

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

consolidated comp increase driven by customer traffic. All 4 major divisions had a February comp increase
of 5% or better. Further, the strong comp trend continued into the first week of March. However, less than
2 weeks later, sales and traffic trends had fallen dramatically as the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
intensified around the world. As a result of this crisis, we closed our stores and online businesses in mid-
March and saw an unprecedented decline in our first quarter sales.

This rapid change to our business underscores the challenges that very healthy companies with strong
foundations like ours have faced over the last couple of months. We believe we have taken prudent,
proactive actions to help ensure we are well positioned to recover from the impact of the health crisis on
our business in the near term and return to our path for successful growth in the long term.

I'll talk you through some of the significant business actions we have taken and provide an update on
where our business is today. Scott will then give a financial and liquidity update. Okay. I'm going to start
with our store and associate actions.

Beginning in mid-March, as part of our response to the health crisis, we closed our stores in all 9 countries
and our online shopping sites as well as our distribution centers and offices around the world. To ease
some of the financial concerns of our hourly store and distribution associates, we continued to provide pay
and benefits through the week ending April 11 and, in some cases, beyond this where country regulations
differed. After that pay cycle, we temporarily furloughed the majority of our hourly store and distribution
center associates in the U.S. and Canada and took comparable actions with parts of our workforce in
Europe and Australia.

This has been the most difficult of the decisions we have had to make. For eligible impacted associates,
we have committed to paying their existing benefits, including health care, during the furlough. Across
the company, we kept a large number of associates active to support business continuity and to be well
positioned to reopen our operations.

We also established several global task force teams to help navigate through the crisis. These teams
have focused on health protocols for all of our stores and buildings, store and e-commerce reopenings,
merchandising, supply chain and communications for associates and customers. I want to take a moment
to thank these teams and our global associates who are doing excellent work in the midst of this crisis
to help our associates return to work and to reopen our stores and operations. I know we are all looking
forward to the day when our business is fully open again and we can welcome our associates and
customers back worldwide.

Now I'd like to update you on our reopenings. We are pleased that we have reopened as many stores as
we have in May as well as our 4 of our e-commerce sites -- all 4 of our e-commerce sites. As of today,
we have reopened more than 1,600 stores worldwide. In the U.S., we have fully or partially reopened
in 25 states. Internationally, TJX Canada has begun reopening stores in some provinces this week. Our
stores in Mainland Europe, including Germany, Poland, Austria and the Netherlands, are open. And stores
in Australia are also open. Our stores in the U.K. and Ireland remain closed. Over the coming weeks, we
expect to continue reopening stores in a phased approach around the world, incorporating learnings from
our initial store reopenings. While the situation continues to evolve, based on the government guidance we
know today, we currently expect that we could be mostly reopened by the end of June.

I want to emphasize that as states and countries established guidelines to reopen, we are opening at
our own pace. We are incorporating new health and safety practices and protocols for our associates
and customers, some of which were detailed in our press release this morning and are available on our
websites and store signage.

In terms of initial trends, while it is still early and sales could fluctuate, we are pleased with the very
strong sales we have seen in stores where we have reopened so far. In fact, for the 1,100-plus stores
that have been opened for at least a week, sales overall have been above last year across all states and
countries where we are open. We believe these strong early trends speak to our values on a wide selection
of merchandise serving a wide customer demographic, also the loyalty of our valued customers and pent-
up demand.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Our treasure hunt shopping experience has always provided retail entertainment with our constantly
changing merchandise selections. In today's environment, we believe this kind of shopping experience
can serve as a break in the day and as some "lead time" for our customers and in the future will continue
to be a major draw for consumers to our stores. Also, with a vast majority of our stores located in strip
centers and many in close proximity to grocery stores, our store locations are a convenient shopping visit
for people making fewer trips from home.

In our early results, we are seeing very strong demand at HomeGoods and in our home categories across
all of our banners, in addition to a couple of other categories. Again, I want to recognize our teams and
our store and DC associates who have worked so hard to reopen safely and successfully.

During the crisis, our marketing team has been thoughtfully engaging with our customers and, as
we reopen, welcoming them back to our stores. Looking forward, our marketing group is focused on
how consumers may want to engage with us in a new landscape and are planning strategically for our
marketing campaigns in the second half of the year.

I am convinced that we will continue to be a sought-after destination for value-seeking consumers,
both existing customers and new ones. We have powerful retail brands and deep customer connections.
Further, in this environment, we believe more consumers may discover our e-commerce sites, which could
also drive additional visits to our stores as historically, the vast majority of returns from our online sites
have gone to our stores.

With all that said, we also need to think realistically around our -- about our business for the remainder
of the year. Right now, the majority of our stores remain closed and some states and countries have not
set reopening time lines yet. Even when we are fully reopened, it will be very difficult for us to predict
consumer behavior and demand as we will still be in a very uncertain environment. Further, we are
expecting store operating guidelines to vary substantially across regions, states and countries, which may
impact hours of operation and require some capacity limitations.

Moving on, I want to spend a moment on availability. The marketplace is loaded with inventory, and I
am convinced that we'll have access to plenty of high-quality, branded merchandise to offer consumers
the categories they want when they shop us. Our buyers have been in touch with many of our vendors
throughout this crisis and are staying on top of market and consumer trends.

As we outlined in the press release this morning, given the length of time our stores were closed, we took
significantly more markdowns than we normally would at this time of the year. However, once we clear
through this inventory, we are set up very well to start flowing fresher merchandise to our stores. I have
great confidence that our buying team will make our stores and online sites compelling for our shoppers.
As always, we will stay consistent with TJX's philosophy and offer consumers great value every day.

Before I turn the call over to Scott, I want to emphasize that we see the strengths of our flexible, value-
based business model being as important as ever both in this evolving retail landscape and over the long
term. Let me reiterate the key points.

We serve a very wide customer demographic with the categories and fashion trends they want. We have
4,500-plus stores with the flexibility to expand and contract merchandise departments rapidly depending
on consumer preferences and market trends. I want to highlight that approximately 50% of our revenue in
2019 was from non-clothing categories, which speaks to our wide assortments.

Our world-class buying organization has more than 1,100 associates, many with decades of experience
with TJX. We source from a purchase universe of more than 21,000 vendors and have buying offices
around the world. We believe that our treasure hunt shopping experience with our off-price values and
ever-changing selections has always been a tremendous draw as well as shopping entertainment for
consumers and that it will continue to be important in an evolving retail landscape.

Our distribution network is designed specifically to flex to our off-price buying. We are set up extremely
well to receive all sizes and kinds of opportunistic buys and allocate them to our stores with frequent
shipments.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

All of these give us great confidence in our ability to continue offering shoppers a terrific selection of
branded, fashionable merchandise at great value and an exciting, compelling shopping experience.

Now I'll turn the call over to Scott for a financial and liquidity update.

Scott Goldenberg
Senior EVP & CFO

Thanks, Ernie, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to first echo Ernie's comments and thank our global
associates for their flexibility, excellent work and dedication over the past couple of months. I'll start today
with a high-level overview of our first quarter results.

Our first quarter results were significantly impacted by the temporary closure of our stores for
approximately half the quarter due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Our revenue fell short of our plans by
about $5.5 billion, and we missed out on the merchandise margin we expected on those sales. This
accounted for the majority of our pretax income variance to our original plan.

Additionally, as we outlined in the press release today, we had an inventory write-down charge of about
$500 million. Also, as Ernie mentioned, we continued to pay all of our store and DC associates for a
minimum of 3 weeks after we closed our stores. Further, we kept a large number of associates active to
support business continuity and to be well positioned to reopen our operations. These associate actions
resulted in an additional $450 million of payroll while all our stores were closed from March 19th on.

In the first quarter, we took a number of actions to reduce expenses, which resulted in about $550 million
of cost reductions. It's important to note that these actions began to benefit us later in the first quarter.
Additionally, expenses were reduced by approximately another $200 million due to government credits
related to paying associates when stores were closed and continuing to pay benefits for furloughed
associates. The combination of these expense items I just mentioned net to an additional $200 million of
expense in the first quarter. This makes up the remainder of the pretax income variance to our plan after
the negative impact of the lost merchandise margin.

Before I move on, I want to mention that in general, approximately 65% of our total cost, excluding
merchandise costs, are fixed and about 35% are variable. On lost sales, we were not able to reduce most
of our fixed costs. Therefore, the majority of our expense savings will come from variable components of
our cost structure.

Now I'll walk you through several financial actions we have taken as a result of the COVID-19 crisis.
We started the year with a very strong balance sheet, and these actions have further strengthened our
financial position and allow us to maintain liquidity and flexibility during this period. I want to emphasize
that our priority has been to prolong our cash flow and liquidity so we can emerge from this as strong as
possible.

As Ernie mentioned, we started to see sales and customer traffic trends decline significantly by mid-March.
As a result, we immediately focused on shoring up our liquidity through the following actions. First, we
suspended our share buyback program. Up to that point, we had bought back about $200 million worth of
TJX shares. We do not anticipate repurchasing additional stock for the remainder of fiscal 2021. Second,
on March 17, we notified the banks in our revolving credit facilities that we were drawing down the full
amount of $1 billion. Next, we successfully issued $4 billion of senior notes with maturities of 5, 7, 10 and
30 years at an overall weighted average of 3.85%.

As we discussed in our 10-K, we did not declare a dividend in the first quarter. As a company with
decades-long history of paying dividends, this was another difficult decision. But what we saw it as
appropriate and prudent given we were furloughing associates, raising capital and focused on preserving
liquidity. At this time, we do not expect to declare a dividend in the second quarter either, but I want to be
very clear that we remain fully committed to paying shareholder dividends over the long term when the
environment and our business stabilize.

Next, while taking the actions I just described, we were simultaneously reviewing all of our operating
expenses and evaluating our fiscal 2021 capital expenditure plans. For capital spending, we are now

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

planning it to be in the range of $400 million to $600 million versus our original $1.4 billion plan. Most of
our capital spending has been delayed.

Moving to operating expenses. As you would expect, we cannot immediately suspend most of our
expenses upon temporarily closing our stores. One of our initial priorities was to continue paying
associates for a period of time while also focusing on preserving liquidity. We also took other actions in the
first quarter to reduce some ongoing variable and discretionary expenses. These included rightsizing items
such as advertising and other non-business-critical expenses in the short term.

Going forward, we're planning for incremental expenses specifically related to COVID-19. These include
new payroll investments for the front of our stores, including monitoring capacity and enhanced cleaning
as well as investments in personal protective equipment for associates. We're also expecting some lower
productivity during the time due to the implementation of new social distancing measures in our stores
and distribution centers.

The last action I wanted to discuss is rent. We paid most of our rent through April. Over the last few
months, we have worked with many of our landlords and negotiated the deferral of some of our April and
a meaningful portion of our second quarter rent payments until later dates.

The prudent and productive financial measures we have taken so far have reduced our cash burn going
forward. We believe that we have adequate cash even if sales were to be down close to 50% over the last
9 months of fiscal 2021. To be clear, this is not our current sales expectation. It's just a direction to give
you a sense of our liquidity position.

Now I'd like to walk you through our first quarter cash flow and a reconciliation of our ending cash
balance. We ended the fourth quarter with approximately $3.2 billion in cash. As I mentioned earlier,
we added another $5 billion to our note issuance and credit facility drawdown. Let me take a moment
and walk you through the significant cash outflows during the quarter that got us to our $4.3 billion first
quarter cash ending balance.

First, as Ernie mentioned, we are seeing a very strong sales trend to start the first quarter. So our buyers
were buying into these trends. When our stores closed temporarily, we still had a significant amount
of committed merchandise on its way to us and in our distribution centers that needed to be paid for.
Therefore, even though sales have stopped completely, we were still paying for merchandise that we were
intending to sell in the first and second quarter. These merchandise payments accounted for the biggest
outflow of cash during the first quarter.

Next, even though we reduced expenses as we moved into April, we still paid the vast majority of our
normalized expenses payable in the first quarter. While the expense reductions benefited our P&L in the
first quarter, most of our cash flow benefits get delayed into the second quarter.

In summary, given the timing of our store closings, we still paid the vast majority of our originally planned
merchandise cost, expenses payable and payroll in the first quarter. However, our revenue was lower
than our plan by $5.5 billion. These items -- these 3 items alone accounted for most of the decline in our
cash balance. Further, on the shareholder distribution side, we saw an outflow of approximately $480
million, which included our fourth quarter dividend payment and our first quarter share buyback prior to
suspending the program.

I want to be clear that our significant operating cash flow in the first quarter is not indicative of our
expected cash flow for the remaindering quarters of the year. Many of the actions we took as a company in
response to the crisis went into full effect at the end of the first quarter and will be more beneficial to cash
flow beginning in the second quarter.

Lastly, given the high level of uncertainty in the environment and many factors outside of our control, we
are not providing a financial outlook for the second quarter or the remainder of the year.

I want to reiterate that we have made swift and decisive actions to strengthen our liquidity and reduce our
expenses. We are confident that the steps we have taken position us well to emerge from the crisis in a
strong financial position.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Now I'd like to turn it over to Ernie for some final comments.

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Scott. I want to reiterate my gratitude for our global associates who have persevered through
these challenging times and have supported each other and the company.

On our last call, I spoke with you about our corporate responsibility programs. I want to mention that in
this environment, our commitment to corporate responsibility remains core to our company, and our work
in this area continues.

Clearly, we are very much looking forward to the time when we are fully open again. Our teams have
been working very hard to make our reopening safe and successful. And it has been great to be able to
welcome back our associates and customers as various regions reopen.

While COVID-19 is currently causing significant uncertainty in the world, TJX remains a very strong
company. Throughout our long, successful track record, we have navigated through many different
environments and challenges as a company, which gives us great confidence in today's environment.

In recent years, we have gained significant market share across the United States, Canada, Europe
and Australia, and we believe we can continue to grow our market share in the long term as the retail
environment evolves.

We are convinced that our value mission, which has been core to our business since the beginning,
will continue to resonate with consumers as much as it ever has and continue to be our enduring retail
formula over the short term, medium term and long term.
Now we are happy to take your questions. [Operator Instructions] Thanks, and now we'll open it up for the
questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Matt Boss.

Matthew Robert Boss
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. Great color. And congrats on the initial reopening strength.

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Thank you.

Matthew Robert Boss
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Ernie, maybe to break down your overall store reopening productivity, can you just elaborate on some of
the performance you're seeing between Marmaxx and HomeGoods? And any material differences you're
seeing in the U.S. relative to Europe as stores reopen?

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Sure, Matt. Well, there is some color I can give you to that. We mentioned in the script our home business
has been particularly strong, and I would say that's consistent. You can extrapolate from that, that our
HomeGoods business has been even stronger than our Marmaxx business. Having said that, both are
clearly exceeding what we had expected what happened -- would happen when we opened up these
boxes.

Also, Europe, same -- I would say not much of a difference. A similar dynamic in Europe. Kind of went in a
little bit of a different order, Matt. So kind of let me give you a little of how this all transpired so you got --
get a viewpoint on what I'm talking about with some of these sales trends.

On May 2, we had only opened in the U.S. with 46 stores in South Carolina, okay? And then after that
-- shortly thereafter, we had about 13 stores in the Netherlands that opened, then 13 stores in Austria.
Very strong out of the box. And then what happened is around May 9, we had about 490 stores open
between the U.S. and Poland. We actually opened up in Poland there about 46 stores. That brought us
up to, as of May 9, about 562 stores. May 11, we had another chunk, 500 stores, 503 to be exact, open.
That was a combination of 354 in the U.S. and almost 150 in Germany. And again, same dynamics of
selling over there, I would say, in all of those, whether it was Austria, in Netherlands, Germany. But what
has happened is when we have these strong trends and we haven't been able to get the flow back in
some of the earlier stores such as in South Carolina, the first state that I talked about with you, was that
those initial 46 stores, so what'll happen and has happened in Europe as well is the stores -- the euro --
you start dropping against the last year a little bit and doing a little bit less than last year volume after
a number of days because we don't have any -- I'm exaggerating -- we have a lot less inventory in the
store because we couldn't ship back quickly enough. Our DCs have just been getting opened kind of as we
speak. And so once we get the flow back to all of those locations in Europe and in the Carolinas, and by
the way, North Carolina came shortly after South Carolina, we had a similar dynamic. But in every case,
when we first opened and had the merchandise, clearance and regular price, we were opening up out of
the box. You've probably seen on social media the lines outside the stores. The year-over-year, we were
running in those locations. To your initial question, home was better than the non-home areas. Having said
that, we had a number of categories also, as I mentioned in the script, that we're doing well in Marmaxx
and helping to drive those -- this year over LY performance. So overall, again, just very -- much more
sales and traffic than we had expected on these reopenings. And I hope that answered your question.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Matthew Robert Boss
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

It does. And I've definitely seen the pictures. Scott, maybe the...

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

In the pictures? Yes.

Matthew Robert Boss
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Oh, yes. And Scott, maybe to follow up, what time frame are you targeting for a return to clean inventory
levels at your concepts? And then how do you balance clearing excess inventory versus taking advantage
of the opportunistic closeouts that are clearly in the channel?

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Okay. Well, I'll take that part, Matt. The -- so first of all, we went in right away when we were opening
the stores, and we took our markdowns on the goods that have been sitting there that were seasonally
oriented. If goods were more commodity-based or basic and weren't seasonal, we did not have to mark
them down. So we addressed aggressively all of the categories that we felt were seasonal, and we took an
initial markdown on those, but they turned very well. And our business on our clearance in all of the stores
we opened has been extremely successful. Also, I would tell you better than expectations, ironically. So we
attacked the markdowns.

And then we're in the process now, Matt, of getting the flow from -- because remember, we -- Scott
mentioned it, we had inventory in the DCs. We were buying to the plus 5 comp sales trend early in the
quarter. So we had goods in the DCs that we still can use to ship back to the stores, which is in -- which
we're in process now of doing here and in Europe. So then, we will get into the process of talking about, of
course, this incredible availability in the market. So now we're -- we will be in phase or step C of looking
at what's in the market but only doing that as we ship what was in the warehouses already to the stores.
So I think that's kind of the steps we're taking.

The markdowns -- as you know, as a company, we're aggressive on clearing goods. That's why our turns
are always so healthy. So we're ready going in. If goods aren't moving on the first markdown, we will sub
them quickly and bring it to the second markdown. We haven't had to do that very often yet in this initial
reopenings.

Matthew Robert Boss
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Perfect.

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Now Scott, did you -- jump in.

Scott Goldenberg
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. Not -- really, not much in terms of what we did. In terms of just not that we're giving guidance but
color on the second quarter, we would still expect to have incremental markdowns in the second quarter
but not to the level of the first quarter primarily due to really that same thing that even by the end of May,
we're still going to have more than 50% of our stores not open. And depending on the timing of some
of the stores when they were open, obviously some of them are large markets potentially like California,
New York and in the U.K., Mark, we could -- to be determined if we need to take incremental markdowns
to move those goods. I mean normally, we -- you know how many times we turn on average our store

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

inventory, close to 12 and overall 6x. So effectively, when we're going to be opening many of -- most of
these stores, that we would have already had no inventory in the stores and distribution center. They'd all
be -- would have already turned. So we still have some potential liability there.

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Matt, I will just jump in and echo something Scott just said, which is a key point we wouldn't want anyone
to forget during this call, is that the amount -- we're anticipating right now having about 48%, 49% of
our stores opened by the end of May because there's a few other tranches going. Canada is opening as
we speak about 100 stores today. That's a portion of the 1,600. And then we have other states that we
know are going. We get to about that point that Scott mentioned. Unfortunately, we can't control our own
destiny on the fact that half the other stores still aren't open, and it's not up to us. So that could create an
issue on the markdowns, which is what I think Scott was getting at, that is a little out of our control.

I'm confident when we open, we're going to do the business and we'll figure out how to address all the
non-current merchandise. It's just the getting open is still the thing that, again, isn't under our control.

Operator

Our next question comes from Alexandra Walvis.

Alexandra E. Walvis
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

My question follows up a little bit on any color on some of the trends you're seeing in reopened stores.
What are you seeing as the strongest? Is it traffic? Are you seeing strength in the basket size? Within
Marmaxx, are there any categories that are resonating particularly well? I'm thinking here perhaps that
home is performing particularly well within those banners. And is there anything you can comment on at
this stage in terms of whether there are differences between the stores that have opened fitting rooms
versus those that haven't? I think you said you were opening fitting rooms in Canada, so perhaps no color
on that just yet.

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Okay. So we'll -- Scott and I will tag-team here. I will -- I again will give you the first part, which is traffic.
Well, the traffic is strong in most of the locations, but some of it is about a -- we're getting a higher
conversion and a bigger basket also in some locations. So in Europe, for example, that's been more of a
dynamic there. Traffic is obviously -- here's the funky thing. We are doing capacity limits. So we are right
now limiting the amount of traffic in most of our locations that we allow at any one time, so it's difficult for
us to measure what the actual traffic would be. Scott, our average basket has been healthy, right? If you
want to jump in on that?

Scott Goldenberg
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. I think the most important thing that we've seen is that the average basket, particularly in the United
States but also in Europe, has been significantly higher, and it -- we're putting several more units in the
basket. And again, some of that is maybe due to we're selling more clearance merchandise, but we're
-- overall, there's just significantly more units in the basket for an overall -- across both Europe and the
United States, both, and...

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Now we do wonder and believe some of that is due to pent-up demand. Because when you have the pent-
up demand and they're -- they haven't been shopping, when you get that first one gal to shop, you're
likely going to get a bigger basket. They haven't been out for a while. However, some -- relative to some
of our first openings, here we are a couple of weeks later and it's still been really strong. So that -- at

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

first, we thought it might have been that, and now we're saying that might be part of it but not as much
as we thought.

Scott Goldenberg
Senior EVP & CFO

And part of it, it probably just relates to the fact that customers who are coming to the stores and making
-- to go out in this new environment really want to be shopping and buying. So I think that goes to Ernie's
point on why the conversion, like the way we measure it in Europe, we know is significantly higher.

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

And in answer to your question regarding certain categories, yes, clearly, we're calling out home. We
don't opt to give the information on the other categories really for competitive reasons as to what they
are, but there are definitely -- I would say there are definitely category trends which will be different.
We will sell families of business differently post COVID now than we did pre COVID. And that's okay for
us specifically because our business model is so flexible. Our merchants are able to -- and our planning
and allocation teams, which on our last call I gave a lot of credit to because they were able to tailor the
store to the right mixes for last fourth quarter, and really they were a key player in doing that. They will
be key as well in this post-COVID time between the buying teams and our planning and allocation teams.
Planning the families of business appropriately based on these trends is what I'm very confident in and we
will be able to do. And fortunately, we buy so much hand to mouth here and the way the market has so
much availability. That's why I go to a -- we'd just like more of our stores to get open. And I think we can
strategically accomplish that.

Alexandra E. Walvis
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

That's super clear. And then one more question, if I may, on e-commerce. You mentioned that the e-
commerce sites have been strong since you reopened them. Any change to how you're thinking about the
potential for e-commerce within the business over time?

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

So great question. And of course, our instinct would be to think during this time period as many e-
commerce businesses in the market have catapulted their sales of recent understandably with people
being at home, it has been for us a basically 2% business. So do I think in the short term we could over-
index on that? I do. And long term, I think once all our stores are open and we figure out how to operate,
obviously, differently in a more safe manner in the environment we need to operate, I think it'll settle back
down. So it will probably still be healthy. We're getting very healthy -- well, we're getting very healthy
reads on it, but we are -- we are having -- we've been shutting it down early in the day. So if any of
you have shopped our sites, you will see in our T.J. Maxx or marshalls.com sites after a few hours in the
morning we have had to shut the site down, because when we started the sites up, and the same as in
Europe, we ensured safety for our associates, went in with a more limited capacity output due to safety
standards, social distancing, et cetera, many other things. And so we consciously knew we wouldn't be
at full capacity, and we would let it evolve over the next month. So right now, we within a few hours
are hitting our capacity, which is -- I guess you would call it a high-class problem. And our intention is
obviously to keep building as we're learning how to operate safely for our associates. We will keep ramping
that up further to the point we hope to be, back to the growth over the last year, significant numbers. But
I would say strategically, nothing will change in terms of the total TJX. We will not look to e-commerce as
our major leveraging point to get us through COVID and out the other side. It'll be complementary, as it
always is.

One of the nice things, though, again, as it will probably grow a little disproportionately, the returns
at a high rate go back to our stores, which is still one of the silver linings. And it is complementary to
us, again, as we're looking for market share, going after younger customers whether in a COVID-19
environment, after, just like we were before. And I think that's it.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Operator

Next question comes from Omar Saad.

Omar Regis Saad
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I wanted a little bit more color on the inventory landscape. Is it -- how are you thinking about packaway
in this unusual time versus your typical period? Any issues in the home supply chain? It's obviously an
incredibly strong category, we're hearing from a number of retailers. Not sure if there's any issues there
we should be thinking about.

And then one quick follow-up on e-commerce. Maybe you could talk a little bit more why you shut down
the e-commerce business during the quarantine period. Is that a logistical and operational answer to that
question?

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Sure. Let me start with the inventory supply availability in the market. Omar, pretty straightforward here
in that what -- first of all, there will be an unusual amount of packaways available. Some of these goods,
based on the way so many stores were shut, wouldn't necessarily have to be packed away for a long
period of time. It could be something that's -- that we buy and we ship it in a little off-season and we ship
it to our southern stores. The strange dynamic is there's so much goods out there right now, just that a lot
of us were not able to use, that we believe there's going to be a lot of packaways or holdover being done
by actually the vendor community. So for the first time, obviously, this is a strange environment, and we
hope we don't run into this again for numerous reasons.

There will be packaways at the vendor level, if that makes sense to you. A lot of holdover goods that will
probably be showing up in the first quarter of next year. So that's what really will be happening from what
we can see with inventory out there.

Home supply is a nonissue for us. We have so -- what's going to be happening from what we can see
in home and even in our full apparel categories, whether in Marmaxx or Winners or T.K. Maxx, is we
will -- the dynamic that already was starting to happen last couple of years is it seems, based on our
temperature checks with many of our vendors, because all of our buyers and merchandise managers have
been working from home and staying in touch with the vendor community throughout this process, is
there's a strong feeling that we will probably be even more important to the vendors, and that applies
to the home area as well coming out of this as we reopened. It's more important than perhaps we were
even going into it just because of the nature of what's going on. So we've all seen it before, what happens
to off-price and what happens to TJX during chaotic times, I would say it that way, that we totally trust
the model, and that model has always shown us, and this will be no different, that there will be a lot of
goods. It may not -- Omar, it may not fall perfectly by home category the way we'd ideally want it. So
we're prepared for that. And that's why at a HomeGoods or a Marmaxx home or a Winners Home, T.K.
Maxx, HomeSense up there, these guys are good at flexing their categories based on where the trends
are. And the trends are going to differ a lot also, people being more at home. People may be getting into
cooking more at home. You can imagine what that would mean for some of the trends around the board.
So I think that answers that.

E-commerce, real simple on e-commerce. It was about associate safety, health and safety of our
associates. And our situation, again going back to it, was only 2% of our business. So we did not want to
risk associate safety on what's a very small -- it was never that meaningful for our cash flow or for our
customer interaction. It was more important to me that our associates stay safe, especially when this was
just erupting, so to speak.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Binetti.

Michael Charles Binetti
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I know you talked about this a little bit with Omar's question, but I know you guys always try to front-run
this and talk about the inventory being available in the marketplace. But are you taking any actions other
than what would be normal that suggests you expect to be making bigger buys in the near term? Other
off-pricers have noted some actions to prep for, I would say, significantly more inventory to pack and hold.

And then I'm also curious if you -- what you think when you hear some of the vendors, some of the bigger
vendors that are public companies, mentioning on conference calls that they may change their business
models a bit to pack away some inventory or repurpose products for what seems like the first time to hold
it given the unique dynamics of this period in the economy.

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Sure, Michael. So on the first question, the -- so there are clearly bigger buys out there. Our mode of
operation right now has been with the merchants to take it -- we're really taking it week by week right
now. So we have all of our teams. They communicate very regularly. Our group President, Richard Sherr,
has been really helping to spearhead a lot of the communication with our division presidents across all
the divisions so that we're approaching the market strategically with a current amount of information.
So what we've been doing is regardless of the availability out there, we don't want to buy too much too
soon. The temptation would be for us as -- and remember what I said at the beginning of the Q&A, is we
are right now utilizing a lot of the -- an order that had already hit us that is in our DCs. So for current
window, we're using some of that. And yes, we do need to now supplement -- with these stores being
better than we planned on, we are going to supplement with some buying, but we're trying to do it in a
very methodical, surgical approach. And so we're taking it step by step to keep an eye on the environment
and where does the retail go on a product, by the way, because our -- we won't buy anything if we can't
show significant enough savings against the out-the-door or out-the-online-door of the other retailers. So
I would say we're probably going to be a little different.

And by the way, to your second question with the vendors doing their own -- that's kind of what I referred
to at the beginning of Omar's -- yes, we think there will be -- there's going to be -- in addition to us doing
x amount of packaways, there's going to be a lot of vendor packaways where the vendors are going to
carry over and we -- or repurpose, I think, was the word used. And we do believe -- I think that's an
accurate call-out that we're hearing as well, and we will approach those deal by deal, brand by brand and
item by item. Let me -- so good questions.

Michael Charles Binetti
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

And let me follow that. You mentioned in the press release and on the commentary taking some social
distancing actions. I guess as you get to parts of the year where the stores are typically very, very
crowded, I'm thinking about back-to-school and holiday, will there be challenges in driving positive traffic
in those periods if these restrictions are still in place?

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Yes, there will. And so we have teams right now working at how to minimize those challenges. So you
could have something like -- I'm not saying today we're definitely going to do it. One of the options is you
expand your store hours so you can get -- you don't have to crunch -- try to crunch during the busiest
time periods and the amount of people.

Now what's an interesting dynamic is we have gone -- in our earliest states, we used either 20% or 25%
capacity limits in South Carolina, and we were still running over the last year numbers because, again,
you have to orderly -- it creates lines outside that we have to space coming in. And you can do it in a
consistent manner, but it definitely will create pressure. And there will be operating costs that Scott and I
talk about all the time that will be baked into having to operate at different types of paces like that.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

So right now, for example, we have -- we don't allow -- we don't have our fitting rooms open. So that's
one thing that creates -- helps with efficiency. And we did it for safety, though. That is our motive there.
But I have faith in our teams figuring out how to deal with the safety issues that may come up. But it will
be a challenge.

Scott Goldenberg
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. I think as Ernie said, I think it's more towards the very end of the year in your November, December
time frame, and it's, I think, only in -- to be determined. We've obviously only been doing this for a
few weeks. A large majority of our stores will not be impacted at all. It's the higher-volume stores and
potentially some of the stores in Europe and others where they do a lot more sales per square foot than
we even do in the U.S. So I think it's something that we sell several months to figure out. I think also, we
don't know what -- the dwell times and others could be less. And as the average baskets are higher, we'll
have to see, does that stick, as Ernie said, or not before. So I think we have some time to work it out, but
I think it's more toward the end of the year where that will be impacted if it does impact us.

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Michael, to Scott's point, we don't -- that's a good point. A back-to-school for us doesn't -- as you know,
we're more of a consistent retail volume like month-on-month, week -- but we don't have that type of
spec related to a holiday. So our back-to-school would be manageable. I should have pointed that out.

Scott Goldenberg
Senior EVP & CFO

And yes, one other thing, just to add on that, it's -- and again, this is early days, couple of weeks, just
particularly in Europe where that would be more of an issue than in the U.S. given the number of high
streets and shopping mall and the high-volume locations we have. We have seen a flattening, at least
where people are working more at home, where the shopping patterns have more flattened over the week
than on the week -- than on a Saturday, Sunday, which could help with deal with some of those occupancy
limits that Ernie talked about.

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

So one dynamic which globally, I'm sure, this will apply to many, so we're seeing right now if the customer
wants to kind of cut back on how much he or she goes out shopping, we could continue to see that
average basket be higher with a little less visits, and you're doing it off of not as many people coming
through. So it'll be interesting to see, I don't know, how that -- we've never been through this -- how that
translates on holiday. It'll be interesting to watch that dynamic as well.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kate Fitzsimons.

Kate Bridget Fitzsimons
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Yes. I guess as we're trying to think about some of the traffic dynamics you alluded to in holiday, you guys
had noted previously success with similar omnichannel capability in markets such as the U.K. with Click
and Collect. I understand, obviously, e-com is still a small percent of the business, but is there any view
on maybe evaluating more omnichannel capability just across a greater percent of the store base or more
regions just as you're trying to get that traffic? And then secondly, my question would be on marketing
dollars. We've seen them be cut back across the industry just given certainly the sales pullback. But you
guys had alluded to a marketing message into the back half. So just kind of curious on your thoughts on
marketing. As we come out of this, how are you going to communicate to the customer the values and
trying to gain that market share?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Sure. Let me -- well, so for holiday with e-commerce with Click and Collect, that is something in the state
-- I think we're still more prepared for that in Europe, where it's almost like you have to do that where
the mail service will not leave it at many flats or apartments or houses. So we are not -- I don't think
we would be prepared here in the States to do the Click and Collect as readily. And that would just be an
operational logistics challenge for us. We're just not ready to handle that right now. And based on this
year, the way we're trying to get up and running just in terms of fulfilling orders on this side, I would
think that would be something for down the road we would take a look at. So good question. I understand
where that would come from. We love Click and Collect just creating a visit to the store. So I think you'll
see us continue to ramp that up in Europe, by the way, just not domestically here.

Marketing is interesting, and it just -- you triggered something, Kate, when you asked the question. The
other thing we had to do with all of our stores that we opened here, ironically, is we got these -- no, we
did not market. And in fact, because our capacity was getting hit -- and we're trying to learn from it as we
opened during COVID. Our capacity was getting hit too early like in South Carolina and some of the other
markets. We have actually minimized our marketing, and we've actually gone to -- in most cases, we have
opted to not do Saturday openings because we're getting so many customers and it was difficult for our
associates to manage. We're moving our openings to Mondays and as well as not doing any substantial
marketing as well. So right now, in the short term -- and I know you have questions about later. I just
wanted to point that out to everybody. If things normalize, Scott and I have talked about this, we want
to -- and marketing is one of those places where we would certainly bring back some of our discretionary
spending, right, when things normalize. So we'd be looking at not just marketing and the big picture, we'd
be looking at capital, which obviously we put a halt on spending. I'm sure we'd look at -- we'd reassess
our dividend, we'd pay back our revolving credit. And one of the key things after that is we'd be looking at
what do we do with our marketing budgets in terms of the fall and bringing that spend back to a normal
again because I think you'll remember, Kate, I've talked on -- that's why it's a great question. I've talked
on many calls about how effective our marketing, I think, has been over the last year or 2 in helping us
gain the market share. And we would have a great messaging campaign which, I would tell you right now,
our marketing teams are working on. Of course, they're chomping at the bit waiting for us to say go when
we get to that day when we're opening in enough locations to start marketing at a different level. So we
will be there. We'll have our usual creative messaging, I think, which will speak across all the different
demographics. It's just we have to, I think, wait for another couple of months here.

Scott Goldenberg
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. I think to Ernie's point, right now, it's -- we still have the lion's share of our stores still to open. So
we're doing most of it digitally and through social media, email and our influencers. And going forward,
clearly, as Ernie said, we'd -- depending on where we're at, we would obviously do -- reshift to do
more national advertising and other things that we traditionally do for building awareness, getting new
customers into the store, et cetera. But it's a little too early for us to be committing exactly on the time
frame, but that would be generally how it would go.

Operator

Our final question of the day comes from Paul Lejuez.

Paul Lawrence Lejuez
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Just on the -- on your buyers, on your buying organization, I'm curious, what percent of your buyers are
back and active in the market? Were they all completely shut down for a period of time? If so, how long?

And then separate, as you -- I think you mentioned 21,000 vendors that you do business with. Where can
that go? Just want to get a sense of kind of the size of the pool. That's 21,000 out of -- how many folks
can you possibly have relationships with? Where do you stand today? And how do you expect that number
to grow or shrink maybe during this period?
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Great questions, Paul. Let's start with the first one. Buyers were -- so the buyers have never been
disconnected, I'd say. Everybody has been working from home. In fact, many of the things we had to do
when COVID hit were we had to talk to vendors about many different things. Our buyers will all engage
in dealing with the vendors. They have not yet -- and the second thing you mentioned, were they shut
down? Yes, they were shut down. We shut them down completely from buying anything. When we got to
that -- when you -- this has never happened before. When you get to the point where you have to shut
down 4,500 stores, you have to stop buying because you would just be eating through cash like crazy. And
we didn't want to cause more strain on vendors or us, et cetera, when we didn't know what the light was
at the end of the tunnel. When can we sell the product?

So having said that, they're all in touch with their manager and all ready to go. In fact, some of the buying
that we've talked about doing based on the recent sales trends that we have and the limited -- and the
basically -- I know we're saying we have 1,600 stores opened up. We really had 1,100 through yesterday.
It's with the recent batch today that gets us to 1,600. We had about 400 in the States and 100 in Canada.
That makes us jump up to 1,600. So -- but off that 1,100, we were getting some clear reads on product
categories that the buyers are now starting to be involved in -- surgically, and it's very surgical in only
certain areas. We're starting to buy a little bit there. And we're very financially aware of what we're doing
in total as we place those orders.

Lastly, on the 21,000 vendors, the -- it's -- this is a little like the question when we used to have, I don't
know how long ago it was, 10,000, then it went to 15,000. And it's really grown from -- I can't remember
the exact number from 10,000 to 21,000 in like 7 to 10 years, I think. And I do not think it's going to
go from 21,000 to 30,000 based on the virus. I would think that would hold back the quickness with
which this would grow. However, I don't think it will shrink. I think it will continue to grow just at a slower
rate because what tends to happen in these times, and this is an extreme time, is more vendors are still
looking for who's the retailer that I should try to do business with. And we're very consistent, and we are
still a healthy brick-and-mortar retailer that more and more vendors, even if they weren't doing business
with us, I think, over the next year, are going to want to open up to doing business with us. So I would
guess this would grow a little bit. I can't put a number on it, though.

Scott Goldenberg
Senior EVP & CFO

So just one thing, going back to store openings that Ernie just mentioned in that, is that although we
don't have firm dates and we said we have approximately 50% open based on what we know from the
different government agencies and stuff that dictate these things around the country and around the rest
of our -- the globe where we have stores where we estimate that we'll be open for approximately 65% of
the quarter or -- compared to what we would originally -- compared to our normal, 100%, just 2 minor
caveats to that, is, one, a lot of locations where we have not opened, the California or are higher low --
higher...

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

High-volume...

Scott Goldenberg
Senior EVP & CFO

Volume locations, whether it's the U.K., Toronto, Montreal, California, New York, et cetera; and also just --
not that it's a big deal, but the spread of our quarter -- now the first 6, 7 weeks of the quarter are higher-
volume-per-day quarter than the back half. So when you guys are trying to think about that, it's not in
our control, but that's just the way it flows. And so just wanted to get that out. And at the same time,
because we're going to be -- we're still closed for much of the quarter, we're still paying, as we said, a
large number of associates who are still not fully working, similar to we'd -- not to the same extent as the
first quarter but still paying associates. And we think, again, as Ernie said, it's been critical, very effective
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

for us being able to jump-start and be positioned, and we continue to believe that over at least what will
hopefully be just a few more short weeks before we have a lot of our stores or vast majority open. So
again, just wanted to get that out.

Ernie L. Herrman
CEO, President & Director

Okay. Thank you all for joining us today. We will be updating you again on our second quarter earnings call
in August. From the team here at TJX, we hope you all stay well, and we wish you good health for you and
your families. Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you
for participating.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

THE TJX COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

