T-Mobile US, Inc. NasdaqGS:TMUS
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, August 06, 2020 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.15

0.84

460.00

0.33

1.80

2.32

Revenue  (mm)

17721.38

17671.00

(0.28 %)

17996.00

65867.41

76323.57

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-29-2020 12:06 PM GMT

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.98

0.84

1.03

0.15

1.01

0.87

1.10

0.84

3.06 %

3.57 %

6.80 %

460.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jon A. Freier
Executive Vice President of
Consumer Markets

Jud Henry;Senior Vice
President and Head of Investor
Relations

Matt Staneff - EVP, CMO

Michael J. Katz
Executive VP of T-Mobile for
Business

Michael Sievert - President &
CEO

Peter Lawler Supino
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Neville Ray - EVP, CTO

Peter Osvaldik - EVP, CFO

Philip A. Cusick
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Simon William Flannery
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

ANALYSTS

Brett Joseph Feldman
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Craig Eder Moffett
MoffettNathanson LLC

John Christopher Hodulik
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Jonathan Chaplin
New Street Research LLP

Michael Ian Rollins
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon. Welcome to the T-Mobile Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I
would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jud Henry, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor
Relations for T-Mobile US. Please go ahead, sir.

Jud Henry;Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations

Good afternoon, and welcome to T-Mobile's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. With me today are Mike
Sievert, our President and CEO; Peter Osvaldik, our CFO; Neville Ray, our President, Technology; Matt
Staneff, our Chief Marketing Officer; and Janice Kapner, our Chief Communications Officer; as well as other
members of the senior leadership team joining us remotely.

During this call, we will make forward-looking statements that include projections and statements about
our future financial and operating results, our plans, the benefits we expect to receive from our merger
with Sprint, our business and operations in light of COVID-19 and other statements that are not historical
facts. Such statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of our management and are
subject to significant risks and uncertainties outside of our control that could cause actual results to differ
materially, including the risk factors as set forth in our filings with the SEC.

Reconciliations between GAAP and the non-GAAP metrics we discuss on this call can be found in the
Quarterly Results section of the Investor Relations page of our website. Also, I want to point out that our
comments related to Q2 2020 reflect the combined results of New T-Mobile, unless otherwise noted. The
prior period results in our earnings materials that accompany our Q2 results represent the stand-alone T-
Mobile prior to the merger with Sprint.

While we do provide some unaudited pro forma historical financials on a supplemental basis, they are not
directly comparable with the actual results for New T-Mobile in the second quarter and going forward nor
are they directly comparable with the previously provided pro forma financials that were prepared prior
to the completion of final purchase price accounting and policy alignment issues. We are not providing
pro forma historical customer base metrics due to the inability to reprocess historical activity under all
New T-Mobile subscriber policies. As such, we will focus our comments on Q2 results, and the comparable
forward-looking guidance is the best way of looking at the business moving forward.

With that, let me now turn it over to Mike.

Michael Sievert - President & CEO

Okay. Thanks, Jud, and hi to everybody listening in or watching online. We're coming to you live and
socially distanced from here in our Bellevue headquarters. And boy, is it nice to be back in the office for
once even if we're behind these huge plexiglass panels and sitting 10 feet apart.

First of all, let me just say, thanks in advance for your patience because my upfront remarks will be just a
few minutes longer than usual today, given that this is our first quarterly report for the new company, and
there's a lot to cover. I promise I'm not filibustering.

Q2 was our first quarter together, and what a quarter it was. I am incredibly fired up about everything this
new combined team has accomplished since we last spoke in May, and I'm more excited than ever about
the future of T-Mobile. We have already hit major milestones in record time and made significant progress
on integration, and we did it while achieving incredible business results for the quarter. That very quarter,
our competitors were telling you we would be too distracted by the merger to execute, yes, that quarter.

So let me start by saying this. We kicked off the quarter by achieving something nobody really thought
possible just a short time ago. Our total branded customer counts surpassed AT&T, making us the #2
player in wireless at the beginning of the quarter. This monumental milestone in U.S. wireless history was
a historic achievement for all of us at T-Mobile.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

And even better, we haven't looked back since. We have no intention of slowing down. Our lead versus
AT&T is even wider as we talk to you today. In Q2, T-Mobile once again led the industry in total branded
customer growth for the 22nd consecutive quarter, firmly establishing New T-Mobile as the leading growth
company in the industry. Now with over 98 million customers at quarter end, we're staring down Verizon
with our sight set on the #1 spot.

Despite the significant challenges we all faced this quarter, in T-Mobile's case, including combining with a
much slower growth company in Sprint and continuing to deal with the global pandemic that led to a lower
switching environment, this team adapted and delivered. We didn't skip a beat. In fact, we moved faster.

We again led the industry in adding 1.2 million total branded customers across postpaid and prepaid in Q2,
more than 3x AT&T and Verizon combined. Total postpaid net additions were 1.1 million, also leading the
industry and over 3x more than Verizon, who was the closest competitor.

And we actually got something of a formula error when trying to divide by a negative number for our AT&T
compares. I can't believe we wrote that. Needless to say, we are still competing aggressively, and our
team is having fun with it.

And while we're on this topic, I do want to take this opportunity to recognize our T-Mobile for Business
team for really stepping up in a big way to help schools and businesses adapting to new remote learning
and work challenges in shelter-in-place. Most of our overperformance this quarter versus guidance on
postpaid was in this area. We also delivered 253,000 postpaid phone net adds, leading the national
carriers again for the 26th quarter in a row. And this is after taking a 90,000-unit postpaid customer
disconnected rule related to the FCC's Keeping Americans Connected Pledge. And not to be forgotten, we
also delivered Q2 postpaid phone churn of 0.8% and prepaid churn of just 2.81%. I'm particularly proud
of the churn progress as we integrate the traditionally higher-churning Sprint business.

Now let's talk about how all of our team's hard work and real-time adjustments to the rapidly changing
market resulted in incredibly strong Q2 financial results. This includes adjusted EBITDA of $7.0 billion,
which exceeded our guidance.

Our new CFO, Peter Osvaldik, will share more on our financial results in a moment, but I'll just remind you
that our formula is pretty simple: investing in customers leads to customer growth, which leads to revenue
growth, which, if we run the company well, leads to EBITDA and cash flow growth, a lot of which we invest
right back into our customers and their network experience. It's a virtuous cycle that delivered all of our
early success as the Un-carrier, and it will continue to propel us to our goal of being #1 in customer choice
and #1 in customers' hearts.

While delivering these results, we kicked off a huge list of accomplishments to position New T-Mobile
to win. Peter will share more details about our work in the market, but I just wanted to mention 3 big
milestones.

First, our team executed the largest dual tranche secondary offering in U.S. history with the sale of
SoftBank's shares in T-Mobile and actually created a positive trading dynamic in our stock with the
transaction. We also fulfilled a major merger commitment when we closed our transaction with DISH to
divest the Sprint prepaid business. And we issued $4 billion of senior secured notes at a weighted average
interest rate of just 2.16%. All 3 had super successful outcomes.

On the customer side, we launched Connecting Heroes, providing free smartphone service and 5G access
to state and local nonprofit first responder agencies nationwide. This was the second initiative in our
5G for Good Un-carrier announcement from last year, following T-Mobile Connect, the low price plan we
launched ahead of schedule in Q1.

The final part of that move, Project 10Million, will be coming very soon, so stay tuned. And we unveiled
our latest Un-carrier move, Scam Shield. Scams and robocalls are a huge customer pain point. And in fact,
they are the leading FCC complaint. So we put together the industry's most comprehensive solution for
customers to help stop this abuse. With Scam Shield, we're helping protect T-Mobile, Metro by T-Mobile
and Sprint customers so that they can block scammers for free, while AT&T and Verizon make customers
pay for it by requiring a certain plan or phone or a premium add-on. This move clearly mattered to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

consumers because this announcement drove massive social media engagement and the most press
coverage we've received since our first Un-carrier move way back in March of 2013. And like all Un-carrier
moves, Scam Shield is designed to change wireless for good. So I hope that AT&T and Verizon will step up
to our challenge and join us in taking this problem a lot more seriously.

And I can't forget to mention that T-Mobile's Care team continues to break records. We just recently
received the highest-ever score recorded in our industry on the J.D. Power 2020 Customer Care Survey,
taking home our sixth win in a row and the 20th time we've ranked highest among full-service providers.
Our team loves our customers, and it shows.

Okay. I really just scratched the surface on what this team accomplished this past quarter, but I know
you're all really interested in our top goals, and that's, of course, integration and the work we're doing to
go big, to go fast on synergy attainment. Let's start with the network. This is a huge piece of our synergy
realization line. And Neville and his team are full steam ahead.

We've talked about the fact that our -- that the biggest block of our synergies come from the network, and
that it's a 3-step process as we: first, line up the available Sprint spectrum on the New T-Mobile anchor
network; which, second, creates the capacity to migrate the Sprint traffic over; and then third, allows us
to finally decommission the sites that aren't in the go-forward plan. All of that, of course, takes time, and
amazingly, decommissioning, the third step of our initial sites, is already underway.

The network team's working in overdrive to migrate Sprint postpaid traffic onto the T-Mobile network, and
it shows. In fact, as of today, we have already moved more than 10% of this traffic before we even started
the customer migration. This is possible because we now have more than 85% of Sprint postpaid phone
base with devices that work on the T-Mobile network, something we made fully available right out of the
gate. So now over 10 million Sprint postpaid customers on average are using the T-Mobile network every
single day. Plus the Sprint base historically had limited access to VoLTE, voice over LTE, but we already
have roughly 75% of the Sprint postpaid base now enabled on VoLTE. So they're enjoying a better voice
experience with simultaneous data access. I hope those stats strike you as surprising and unprecedented
because they are.

We also officially unveiled our retail operations and unified our retail operations and rebranded thousands
of Sprint stores to T-Mobile stores last Sunday. This is an important milestone for our business. And while
we did it, we also rolled out the needed tools and systems across our distribution footprint to allow us to
serve both legacy bases of postpaid customers in all T-Mobile stores.

Let me be clear, this was a massive lift. I just can't say enough about how our team flawlessly nailed
this effort and executed incredibly fast. This would have been a major accomplishment even outside of a
pandemic. It was really amazing to see all of that come to life during these complicated times.

And since bringing 2 big brands like T-Mobile and Sprint together only comes around once, we wanted
to mark it in true Un-carrier fashion by doing something really big for our customers. So we launched
4 for $100. Yes, 4 lines of the industry's best unlimited for $25 each per month. This is possibly our
most ambitious consumer promotion ever, and it includes 5G access. Remember, the other guys may be
charging extra for 5G. Ours includes it. Now to be clear, this is a limited-time promotion to celebrate and
build awareness for the newly integrated brand. But even after it's done, we'll find other ways to compete.

We said we would bring the competition with this merger, and I hope we've addressed any lingering
questions on that front. I've said it before, and I'll say it again, we are here to show customers that they
no longer have to choose between the best value and the best network. With T-Mobile, they will get both.

Our team's also been working hard to rapidly deliver T-Mobile benefits to legacy Sprint customers, and
they're loving all the Un-carrier goodness, like having access to the same great unlimited plans without
future step-ups and perks like T-Mobile Tuesdays. So the synergies we're starting to see are not just for
our investors. Our customers are winning big, too.

At the same time, we focused on evolving our organizational structure and design to become one team
that will be more efficient and more effective, with clear roles and responsibilities for our employees,
that will help us all move faster and deliver results for the business. This was a process that we originally

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

expected to take 12 to 18 months. But we have nearly completed it in just 1 quarter, and we felt it was
important to do so.

And we're hiring. We've doubled down in areas that are focused on better serving our customers today
and in the future by kicking off our Un-carrier jobs initiative, had 5,000 new positions in just the first 12
months alone.

We also accelerated the rationalization of hundreds of retail stores, work that we originally planned to
do over several quarters. And we consolidated and began to adjust our marketing spend well ahead of
schedule. These actions in Q2 alone are beginning to unlock significant synergies now, setting us up
financially to be able to make investments throughout 2020 and next year and ultimately unlocking future
synergies on a net basis.

Last time, I told you I was even more confident in our synergy plans than I was before the merger. I just
-- I hope now you understand why. We're executing lightning-fast. We said we would, but now we've laid
down a ton of track because based on the quick action we've taken, I'm confident in our ability to not
only deliver $43 billion in synergies like we previously talked about, but potentially unlock even more than
originally planned and to do it all faster than planned.

Now let me just say a few words about one of my favorite topics, our rapidly expanding network. In the
5G race, T-Mobile is pulling way ahead. In the past few years, we've heard a lot of competitive banter
and marketing speak when it comes to 5G, all talk, and most of it is just hot air. AT&T and Verizon don't
want you to see what's becoming so painfully obvious. T-Mobile is miles ahead of both of them, and we're
quickly pulling away from the pack.

But instead of taking my word for it, or Verizon's or AT&T's for that matter, let's just take a look at a few
actual facts. Nobody disputes that we have America's largest 5G network, and the competition isn't even
close. Just this week, we had a major breakthrough when we launched stand-alone 5G. And now our 5G
network reaches over 250 million people and 1.3 million square miles.

We now offer coverage across all 50 states and Puerto Rico on 5G. This geographic coverage is roughly
double AT&T's and exponentially higher than Verizon's. But it's not just our reach that matters. It's the
experience our customers have on our network too that differentiates T-Mobile's 5G from the other
wireless players.

Verizon, as you know, likes to spend a lot of time telling you that they have real 5G, whether 5G is all
about ultra-wide band or millimeter wave. But again, let's put the facts on the table. T-Mobile customers
with 5G handsets already have faster average speeds in more places than Verizon customers with 5G
handsets, and we're just getting started lighting up our mid-band. We're already lighting it up in 2.5
gigahertz in major metros, including New York, Philly, Houston, Los Angeles, Dallas, Washington, D.C.
and Atlanta. And by the end of the year, customers will find mid-band 5G in thousands of cities and towns
across the country by the end of this year.

We're currently seeing average speeds north of 300 megabits per second, better than most home Internet
speeds and 8x faster than 4G LTE, with peak speeds of a gigabit. It will be even faster as we exit the year
across a massive footprint.

But even today, we have the advantage. Take a look at OpenSignal's latest report, where T-Mobile
customers have the best 5G availability, meaning that Un-carrier customers get a 5G signal more often
than customers on any other network. That's 2x more than AT&T's 5G and 56x more than Verizon. Not to
mention, Ookla found that T-Mobile customers get a 5G signal in nearly 4x more cities than Verizon and
AT&T combined.

By the way, Verizon would also like to excitedly tell you that in that same Ookla test, they had the fastest
5G speed scores. But they often forget to also mention that you can only find their 5G 0.4% of the time.
And maybe they will deliver nationwide 5G coverage someday, but they will beg, borrow and steal from
their LTE network to do it, claiming the tools like dynamic spectrum sharing will overcome their spectrum
shortage.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

When you get to what's real about 5G, T-Mobile's network is demonstrably ahead of the competition even
as we just start pouring on the gas, and it's now clear to most observers that it takes all spectrum bands
to build a real 5G network. And our strategy to use 600 megahertz low band as the foundation for 5G,
something we had planned for years in advance, was the right move to make. But it also shows just how
well positioned we are to take share in the 5G era that everyone is now talking about.

T-Mobile controls 319 megahertz of combined low- and mid-band spectrum on average nationwide. That's
more than AT&T and Verizon combined. We also have more millimeter wave spectrum than AT&T. And get
this, we already have as many 5G devices on our network as AT&T and Verizon combined. This is a huge
advantage for us as 5G becomes more prevalent for businesses and consumers.

All of our brands will benefit from a robust 5G network. And according to the facts on the ground, T-Mobile
customers are already taking advantage of how quickly we lit up that 600-megahertz footprint and the
work we've already begun to do to rapidly increase capacity and boost speeds with the second layer of our
5G layer cake, our deep 2.5-gigahertz spectrum. Honestly, I don't think I could be more excited about the
progress we've made on this network and what we're building every single day.

In the fastest precedent, Neville will tell us more about all of this when he gets his first question, almost
regardless of the question he actually gets asked. As the growth leader in wireless, we're poised to bring
an even more capable Un-carrier to even more customers in more places. We're building the best network
and offering the best value. And that's what supercharging the Un-carrier is all about.

We've set the stage for a strong second half by delivering powerful Q2 results. But as you know, we're not
stopping there. I really believe that as the 5G era finally gets underway at scale later this year, this is our
moment.

We're way ahead. We have the strongest assets. And we have what will very quickly become the
demonstrably superior network in the U.S., combined with the Un-carriers, our own DNA. That's a
powerful combination that our competitors struggle to match, and that will translate into new business for
us.

Okay. Now I'm going to ask our new CFO, Peter Osvaldik, to take us through the financials and our
guidance. Most of you know Peter. Prior to taking this role, Peter was already a huge contributor to
our outstanding results. He served for years as our Chief Accounting Officer and #2 Financial Officer,
participating in every major financial decision that we've made. And like me, he knows what it's like to
have big shoes to fill. His transition to the CFO role has been seamless. It comes at an important time for
our business. So I'm thrilled to have him in the role. And Peter, take it away.

Peter Osvaldik - EVP, CFO

All right. Thanks, Mike. I couldn't be more excited to lead as CFO during this critical time for the business.
We have an incredible, all-star leadership team, and I feel privileged to be working alongside each of
you. We'll continue to execute on our proven playbook and unlock the incredible synergy potential of this
merger for the years to come.

Before we get into the financial details, I want to cover off on a few points which lay the groundwork for
our reporting. First, we aligned the legacy Sprint and T-Mobile subscribers to our go-forward New T-Mobile
policies. The net impact of these changes, as outlined in more detail in our Investor Factbook and 10-
Q, resulted in a net reduction in total branded customers of 14.1 million as of April 1 as compared to the
stand-alone balances previously reported for Sprint and T-Mobile as of March 31.

The biggest adjustment was the removal of 9.2 million customers associated with the DISH divestiture,
including 963,000, which have been classified as postpaid phone customers in the previously reported
Sprint figures. The adjustments also included approximately 3 million subscribers associated with reseller
arrangements, which were reclassified from postpaid to wholesale. And recall that we no longer report
wholesale subscribers, rather focusing on wholesale revenue.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

It is important to remember that these adjustments have no net impact on profitability. In addition, we
are providing disclosures around the various impacts from purchase accounting and policy alignments in
our 10-Q, but in the interest of time, I won't get into too much detail right now.

Okay. Now let's get into some of the financial details of the second quarter. Note that during this quarter,
our pretax financial results were impacted by merger-related costs of $798 million, COVID-19-related
costs of $341 million as well as noncash impairment charges of $418 million related to changes in our
postpaid billing systems strategy and a strategic shift in product plans for key visions enabled for the
merger. These costs, a combined $1.56 billion before taxes, are excluded from adjusted EBITDA.

Q2 net income of $110 million and diluted earnings per share of $0.09 were negatively impacted by
these combined factors by $1.25 billion and $1.01 per share. Adjusted EBITDA amounted to $7 billion,
exceeding our guidance range.

Total service revenue of $13.2 billion was primarily driven by the merger as well as continued customer
growth, partially offset by an estimated 1% to 2% headwind from COVID-19-related events. And note
that our reported service revenues excluded Boost, which was reflected in discontinued operations. Next
quarter, the revenue from these customers will be reported in our wholesale service revenues.

Net cash provided by operating activities was $777 million, which includes $370 million for merger-related
costs and $243 million for COVID-19-related costs. This includes the onetime impact of $2.3 billion in
gross payments for the settlement of interest rate swaps on merger financing. Cash purchases of property
and equipment, including capitalized interest of $119 million, amounted to $2.3 billion.

Free cash flow, excluding the settlement of interest rate swaps that I just mentioned, was $1.4 billion.
And recall, for the swap, the net cash outflow was only $1.1 billion as there was an inflow of $1.2 billion in
cash flows from investing activities for the return of collateral previously provided.

Postpaid ARPA, or average revenue per account, amounted to $130.57, and postpaid phone ARPU was
$47.99.

In terms of customer quality, our results in the second quarter were impacted by the macroeconomic
environments of COVID-19. Total bad debt expense and losses from sales of receivables was $263 million
or 1.49% of total revenues. This includes approximately $46 million of incremental expense related to the
FCC Pledge that was excluded from adjusted EBITDA. If we normalize for this amount attributable to the
FCC Pledge, bad debt would have been 1.23% of revenues, in line with last quarter.

As we monitor the impacts of COVID-19 and the FCC Pledge on our business, we are encouraged by
some of the early trends. 95% of all accounts that took advantage of the Pledge have made some form of
payment since going on the payment. Notwithstanding the high customer engagement and solid payment
performance thus far, there is a small subset of FCC Pledge customers that likely will not recover. As a
result, our postpaid results for Q2 reflect an accrual of approximately 110,000 deactivations, including
90,000 postpaid phones, as Mike mentioned, for customers that were still with us at the end of the quarter
under the FCC Pledge, but whom we expect will likely not pay off their remaining balances.

Shifting gears to our capital markets activity. In just 1 quarter as a combined company, we raised $27
billion, including $4 billion of senior secured notes issued in June at an average yield of 2.16%, a debt-
neutral refinancing transaction in which the proceeds will be used to retire high-yield debt in Q3. With an
NPV benefit of approximately $400 million and record low average yields for our company, this deal was
extremely well-received and is a testament to the strength of our business and balance sheet.

And also, we delivered a $20 billion secondary sale of SoftBank shares to the public. And T-Mobile received
a $300 million fee for facilitating the transaction, in addition to being reimbursed for all expenses. Just
remarkable execution by the team in transactions that I'm extremely proud of.

Okay. Let me now turn to our guidance, which we wanted to provide as we continue to prioritize
transparency during uncertain times and when others across the industry have opted to provide little or no
guidance compared to normal practice. We are not immune to the uncertainty either, but we recognize our
unique situation as we provide you with the first set of combined results this quarter, including the impacts

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

of purchase price accounting and policy alignments. And therefore, we felt it was very important that we
provide best efforts guidance for the back half of 2020.

As always, we will continue to closely monitor consumer behavior as well as the economic environment
related to the pandemic and how it may impact our second half results. New T-Mobile aspires to continue
to lead the industry in postpaid growth and expect postpaid net customer additions between 1.7 million
and 1.9 million. Just to double-click here a bit, this guidance assumes higher postpaid phone net adds in
the third and fourth quarters from what we saw in Q2.

Also, while there was a tremendous opportunity to move quickly and win share of postpaid other devices
as businesses and schools adapted to an environment of remote working and learning, we expect to see a
more balanced mix of postpaid phone versus other additions in the back half of the year. We expect higher
gross adds as industry churn levels increase, both from typical higher seasonality and the muted churn
effect in Q2 as a result of COVID-19. And we see this as an exciting opportunity as a net share-taker.

Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be in the range of $12.4 billion to $12.7 billion for the back half of 2020
and includes leasing revenue of $2.4 billion to $2.6 billion. We expect higher SG&A expenses in the second
half driven by higher selling expenses due to increased gross adds and the impact of close to $300 million
of COVID-19-related costs, which are excluded from adjusted EBITDA in Q2, moving back into normalized
selling expenses.

Cash purchases of property and equipment, including capitalized interest, are expected to be between
$6.5 billion and $6.9 billion. As we continue to build out America's largest 5G network, we expect CapEx to
be relatively flat from Q2 to Q3, before ramping significantly in Q4.

For the second half of 2020, merger and integration-related costs not included in adjusted EBITDA are
expected to be $800 million to $1 billion before taxes and subject to our ability to go faster on integration.
While expenses in Q2 were primarily driven by segments and merger deal fees, we expect merger and
integration-related costs in the second half to be primarily operational-focused.

Net cash provided by operating activities, including payments for merger and integration-related costs, is
expected to be in the range of $5.3 billion to $5.7 billion. Free cash flow, including payments for merger
and integration-related costs, is expected to be in the range of $300 million to $500 million, impacted by
the aforementioned merger costs and increased capital spending on the network.

And lastly, in the back half of 2020, our expected effective tax rate will be in the range of 31% to 33% due
primarily to certain nondeductible merger-related costs incurred in the first half of the year that continue
to impact the tax rate throughout 2020. However, we anticipate our future rate to be more in line with
historical levels.

Now let's get to your questions. You can ask questions via phone or via Twitter. We'll start with a question
on the phone. Operator, first question.

Michael Sievert - President & CEO
And operator, I would like to just point out that in honor of Rich Greenfield and everybody at LightShed,
we will only be taking questions this quarter from people that begin their question with the phrase, "Great
quarter, guys." So just kidding. Operator, give us a...

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] First, we'll go to Phil Cusick from JPMorgan.

Philip A. Cusick
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

A lot of things to ask about, but I think the #1 as I'm talking to people here is on the second half
guidance. The $12.4 billion to $12.7 billion, can you help us bring that back to what I would have
considered like a historical T-Mobile cash EBITDA without EIP benefit and just a netting out of the lease
benefit?

Michael Sievert - President & CEO

Absolutely. Peter, why don't you start? And it's really about backing out the lease revenues, if you want to
look at what -- kind of what we call core EBITDA, not so much the EIP per se.

Peter Osvaldik - EVP, CFO

Yes. Yes, absolutely. And let me begin with, obviously, the second half guidance is also reflective of
increased gross adds from SG&A, right? And that's both from the seasonal uptick that we expect as an
industry in turn, which is typical from Q3 to the second half, but also as a result of the COVID-19 cost of
$300 million that were excluded in Q2, but again will become part of the normal run rate. And then you
have the leasing revenues, as you said, if you wanted to get to a core adjusted EBITDA out-year.

Philip A. Cusick
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. So that $10.1 billion to -- or $10 billion to $10.1 billion or so, that's what you would consider to be
sort of a cash EBITDA number the way T-Mobile used to offer it?

Peter Osvaldik - EVP, CFO

Yes. The way we used to operate, right?

Michael Sievert - President & CEO

Nothing's really changed in terms of how we think about this stuff, right? So we have adjusted EBITDA,
and then you have leasing. And lease revenues get backed out to get to this more operational view.
Adjusted EBITDA is what we focus on and guide on though, so it's important that you understand that.
And obviously, bringing in Sprint, there's a much bigger leasing component. And so the differences
between the 2 are greater now that we've merged.

Philip A. Cusick
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Yes. And that's the second thing I wanted to ask, was, historically, Sprint did a lot of leasing. T-Mobile
tried it, and it didn't seem like you guys liked it very much. Should we -- it looks like, from the guidance,
we should expect you to continue to be leasing phones in a pretty substantial way, at least through this
year. How do you think about that offer?

Michael Sievert - President & CEO

I mean I'll start, and I'll ask Matt Staneff to jump in. It's not that we didn't like it, it's that we're -- our
view is that it hasn't always been demonstrated to add to enterprise value. And because the customer
satisfaction isn't there and then you see costs later on as a result. So -- but it's a tool in the toolkit.
We've always done some of it. I think it depends on how it's done, and we're open to it. The guide doesn't
necessarily imply any big change, obviously. So leasing revenues come from the run rate. That is informed

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

by the customers already in the base. But Matt, other thoughts about financing in general and how we
think about it?

Matt Staneff - EVP, CMO

Yes. That's great. So as Mike said, we're going to continue -- we've passed day 1. Right now, we've got a
new proposition in the market. Largely, it's T-Mobile the way it was before. The one thing we do have is
we have a Sprint customer base, and we're very aggressively taking care of those customers, watching
and managing the churn, helping the churn go down. A lot of them are on lease upgrade offers.

And so what you can expect over time, obviously, is we're not going to take away things from customers
that could potentially increase churn, we're going to continue to serve them. And so that's part of what
you see in the leasing mix as we've got options available, the T-Mobile options. But we're still going to
take care of Sprint customers. And so it will be kind of more of a gradual change in the total mix versus
what we're doing for new customers in new plans.

Michael Sievert - President & CEO

I can't say for sure what we would do over the long haul. But right now, as you know, we passed day 1,
and therefore, our main go-to-market for us is centered around EIP. But we have all these tens of millions
of Sprint customers, and a lot of them may like leasing and want another leased device. And we're happy
to provide that. So you'll see that -- you got it, Phil?

Operator

And we'll go to our next question, John Hodulik from UBS.

John Christopher Hodulik
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Okay. Great quarter, guys. That was for Walt. Actually, I've got 2 questions. First of all, the 80 bps of
churn I thought was definitely sort of a bit of a surprise, especially as Sprint, a year ago, had, I think,
1.8% churn. So what are you doing to bring that down so quickly, especially given all the integration
efforts with the store closings and that kind of thing? That's number one.

And then number two, given the availability of the 600-megahertz spectrum and the pent-up demand for
new phones, are you guys looking at the launch of the iPhone in the fourth quarter as an opportunity to
take share? And is that baked into the guidance in the back half because I would point out that you hit $7
billion in EBITDA for the quarter, but just expecting sort of $12 billion, $12.5 billion for the rest of the year.
So obviously, it looks like you're expecting that not necessarily to be the run rate, especially as we look
out to the fourth quarter. That would great.

Michael Sievert - President & CEO

Sounds good. Matt, you want to start on churn?

Matt Staneff - EVP, CMO

Yes. I'll start on churn. 80 bps, that's a great number. That's a great number to have in the first quarter,
now that we're together and the comparison is accurate. T-Mobile was among the leaders in the category.
And as you said, Sprint was in the high 1s. I think the last reported Q4 was 2.06 and the blend, down 80
basis points.

One thing to consider is this was done in Q2 when COVID was acute. And we said the switching flows were
down. We were taking care of customers, and that at collection hold, we've accounted for all of that. But
Q2 is a bit of an anomaly, and you've seen that across the industry in terms of what churn has done.

We have been very hard at work. We've been talking about what we've done, getting the Sprint customer
base access to the network. We've got 10 million customers kind of on a daily basis using the network. We
deployed VoLTE with a much better experience. And we've been hard at work giving value to the Sprint
customer base and taking in carrier principles and deploying them pretty broadly across the base. So

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

we're not predicting where churn will go. In fact, as Peter said, seasonally, it's going to be up a little bit in
the third quarter, and we've put that into our guidance. And I can't predict where churn will go. But what
I can say is the things we did to get it to where it was at 0.80 last quarter, we're going to keep doing and
more of as we move forward.

Michael Sievert - President & CEO

And not to mention, in addition, the legacy T-Mobile side of things, which will be increasingly difficult for
us to unpack for you because we're past day 1 now, and we're one business going forward. But the legacy
T-Mobile side had a blockbuster low churn number. And so blended in, that also helps. So this is really
gratifying. We have tailwinds on churn over the medium and long haul because we know what drives it.
We've seen this journey on the T-Mobile side from some of the highest churn in the industry, to some of
the best churn in the industry in its network. And we're -- I just got done talking at length about how no
one's going to be able to catch us on networks. So we're really excited.

And to Matt's point, seasonally, this year, there are going to be 2 dynamics. One, COVID, we think, the
impacts of it will start to abate, which brings some normalcy back in because there was a big suppression
this quarter as well as what's normal for T-Mobile, which is a seasonal uptick in the second half, all in the
-- against the backdrop of a real exciting tailwind. So that's the first piece.

And the second piece you asked about was kind of how to think about the second half. And I will say, we
have burdened our plan with the activations that we think are necessary to deliver the growth we guided
for you. And that means we know that gross activations will be up in the second half. Why? I just told you
that seasonally, and due to COVID, churn will be up and we'll outrun that churn. And the other guys' churn
will be up. And that's an opportunity for us. When the other guys' churn goes up a little bit, that's when
we compete.

You asked about phones, I don't know. I can't comment about phones. I really hope there's a well-rounded
5G phone portfolio as we exit the year. So I'll just leave it there. And if there is, that would be a great
competitive moment for us. So hopefully, that helps, John.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Mike Rollins with Goldman Sachs -- I'm sorry, Brett Feldman with Goldman Sachs. I
apologize.

Brett Joseph Feldman
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

It's easy to call as a good quarter, so congratulations on that. I want to talk about the integration. You
expressed your confidence in the synergy targets that you had outlined in the release. All the commentary
sounds like you're just moving faster than I think we would have expected when you first announced this
deal 2 years ago. And so one of the questions would be, do you think we can start seeing the synergies
come into your numbers more quickly? That would seem like it would be accretive to the NPV? And also
the integration spending that you outlined for the second half of this year actually looks pretty modest
considering that you had previously talked about spending $15 billion due to the integration. So if that
spending is going to ramp much more significantly as in the past this year, what would drive that? Or are
you actually at the point where maybe you are realizing there are greater efficiencies associated with the
integration as you get closer to execution?

Michael Sievert - President & CEO

Yes. Let me start and then ask Neville to comment. First of all, I love the fact that some of the tower
companies are out there sort of spreading some disinformation about our pace. I just got done telling you
we're in all the biggest cities in the country with 2.5-gigahertz 5G already and that we will be in thousands
of cities and towns across this country as we exit this year with that layer cake.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

So we're -- that's where we'll be. We're running really fast. The reason it feels tough over there at the
tower companies is because both stand-alone T-Mobile and Sprint were planning on lots of new sites,
Sprint for coverage and T-Mobile for capacity.

New T-Mobile has synergies. That's called site avoidance. And I know that's tough if you're a tower
company because billions and billions of dollars of site avoidance causes the kinds of comments you're
now hearing from them. That doesn't affect our rate in case. We're going like crazy. And you're right,
there's not only speed potential, which is NPV-accretive, but look, the faster we get out in front of the
pack on demonstrable, customer-approvable network leadership, the more the operating results start to
give us the potential to start talking to you about the magnitude of synergies as well and the enterprise
value created from outgrowing our competitors.

So Neville, why don't you tell us a little bit about the rate in case because I know that's on everybody's
mind?

Neville Ray - EVP, CTO

Yes. I mean thanks, Mike. I mean we're moving at an incredible pace. I mean I could not be more pleased
with the progress that we've made in what's a few short weeks since we combined with the Sprint team.
And it's on 2 fronts. I mean we've been rapidly accelerating the breadth of this network. Mike talked to the
250 million people now covered with T-Mobile's low-band 5G. We have 327 million of people covered with
LTE too, right, and we are closing in on that opportunity for our 5G footprint.

So that gives us the breadth. The depth comes from the 2.5-gigahertz spectrum, the mid-band slice that's
so important. And all I can say is we're baking that cake super, super fast.

So to give you some idea and dimension that for you, I mean, as we exited the second quarter, every
week, we were starting upgrade activity on about 600 sites per week. In the last month, that number's
gone to 700 sites per week. So you can all do that math, but thousands of sites in a month and in the
quarter, and we are running very, very hard at adding that mid-band layer of the network to this great
opportunity.

Mike outlined the experience and the speeds. And to the earlier question about 5G phones in the fourth
quarter, we have a great lineup today. Lots of great phones, great news from Samsung, just the other day
announced. And we want to make sure that there's really only one 5G network that you would look to put
a 5G phone on, and it's from T-Mobile. The coverage is spotty at best from AT&T, nascent from Verizon,
and when you can combine great coverage with great performance and speed with mid-band, inside the
fourth quarter, that's going to be a complete game changer. So we recorded great numbers, but we are
only just getting started with this network rollout, and the pace is phenomenal.

Mike outlined, obviously, we're not building in all the places that stand-alone T-Mobile and Sprint would
have planned to. I mean that's good for this business, right? We are starting to generate those cost
avoidance, site avoidance synergies at pace, real pace in the second half of this year. And we'll talk to
those numbers more as we close out 2020. But tremendous progress underway, and I couldn't be happier.

Tower guys, not so happy. We could be doing some more with the tower guys, but there's a competitive
process in play right now. And we have choices that we can make. And so I would fully anticipate that we'll
start more tower build as we move into the second half, now but to be seen. That doesn't slow us down.
We have lots of options to build, and we're building furiously.

Michael Sievert - President & CEO

And Peter, just very briefly on Brett's last part. He was asking about the operational spend, and it was
maybe -- it sounded like it might have been a little less than he was expecting given the Q2 spend. Do you
want to unpack that a little bit because I think that's important for people to understand.

Peter Osvaldik - EVP, CFO

Yes, absolutely, Brett. And as I said, what you saw in Q2, while there was an elevated amount of merger-
related costs, there was a lot of transaction and then the restructuring and severance, right, from

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

acceleration of some of those synergy opportunities. When we flip into the second half, it is primarily
what I would call operational synergy capture now. So that's -- when you think about the pace, that's
an element to consider in there. And of course, it's subject to us identifying ways to prudently go faster,
which we're going to continue to do, just like you saw in Q2.

Michael Sievert - President & CEO

So in other words, operationally, it's rapidly growing in the second half. The operational component of our
cost to achieve in Q2 is actually quite small. Most of it was deal-related transaction costs. And so the --
and it's all operational from here on forward. So big, big uptick in actual costs to achieve, flowing through
the system in the second half.

Brett Joseph Feldman
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got it. And is the $15 billion still the budget? Sorry, is the $15 billion still the budget in the outlook for
integration?

Michael Sievert - President & CEO

Yes. Nothing really has broadly changed in our aspirations. And at some point -- by the way, you raised
a good question. At some point, I know we would owe you an update on all that. We keep saying -- and
hopefully, we backed it up with actual evidence and reasons why we're saying it today. I've given you
something to chew on. But we keep saying, "Hey, we're more confident now. With this 2-year old plan, we
think it may be a little conservative." I know we owe you some more color on that.

But listen, we have exactly one data point for this company so far, and that's today's report. So we're
going to get a little bit more of a line established for you, and then we'll give you a different updated way
to think about the future. So I know we owe you that.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Michael Rollins -- sorry, go ahead.

Michael Sievert - President & CEO

Yes. Sorry, operator. Who's next?

Operator

Next, we have Michael Rollins from Citi.

Michael Ian Rollins
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

A couple of quick questions. First, when the deal was originally announced, the management teams talked
about, in the pro forma, there were some expectations of revenue headwinds of Sprint plans migrating to
T-Mobile plans. And as you now finished this process of bringing the Sprint metrics and measures over to
T-Mobile's, how do you look at any potential headwinds from repricing to T-Mobile plans over the next few
years?

And then secondly, I was just curious if we can get an update on the distribution and distribution presence
as you've integrated. You're still managing through the pandemic. And maybe some observations of
customer behavior is changing upon store reopening, staying more digital. Or if it's reverting back to the
historical get into the store and have the handholding that the reps in the store deliver to the customers.

Michael Sievert - President & CEO

Yes, you bet. And by the way, I got so enamored with the second part. Tell me the first part again? What
was the main thrust?

Peter Osvaldik - EVP, CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

Revenue.

Michael Sievert - President & CEO

Yes. So listen, on pricing and revenues and ARPU and all that, one of the things you got, I think, from our
report was that we see a relatively stable outlook in the near term. Our competitors, I guess, didn't guide
or give you much to go on. We felt, with the new company, it was important for us to just do a best efforts
view. And we don't see catalysts in the near term for big changes one way or the other in ARPU.

Separately, you heard Peter start to talk about ARPA. And that we're looking at this at a household level
because we think there's -- in the 5G era, there's all kinds of opportunities to develop deeper relationships
with households that would be accretive to ARPA without necessarily affecting ARPU.

And thirdly, I'll say, our plan all along has been to bring an intense level of competition to this market, like
we've always done as the Un-carrier, but now in a sustainable way, backed by the long-term network plans
that we have. And that's obviously going to be to the benefit of consumers, and we funded that fully in our
model.

How that relates to ARPU specifically and how that will unfold over the years, again, I know we have a 2-
year-old set of thoughts and at some point, need to update that. But a few things to say. We're bringing
competition into the market. That's who we are. We've got the capacity to do it. It would be crazy not to
leverage that capacity advantage to compete hard and grow top line revenues through competition. So
that's number one. Number two, in the very near term, we see no real catalyst one way or the other for
ARPU changes. So we see it generally stable for the second half as we commented on. And then, Matt, do
you want to jump into the second half?

Matt Staneff - EVP, CMO

Yes, I'll tackle that. Mike, I think the question was a little bit around what the distribution looked like
and then what have we seen with COVID. So the first thing I'll say is what we've shown this quarter is a
great ability to execute. Our plan had always been to get to day 1 within 90 days or so from close, and
we effectively did that. It slid a little bit out, and we, in all the adversity, we had to relearn a lot of things,
many companies did, and we still pulled this off.

And today, the vast majority of all distribution points already are co-branded or branded as T-Mobile's, and
we're off and running going forward. Like many retailers, there was an acute issue, right, when all retail
shutdown. And we had to keep our employees safe, keep consumers safe and put the right protocols in
place. Our team has well worked very, very quickly to be safe and take care of customers. And we saw
some changes in buying traffic, switching from retail into digital.

Now historically, T-Mobile hasn't relied heavily on digital. Sprint relied a little bit more. And the number
increased a lot, but it was a very small percent and increased by a lot. And it's still a relatively small
percent. I would say those numbers have been generally stable as well as we recovered. We've gone and
been able to open the vast majority of the stores in a safe way to serve customers and the communities.

And as the market has opened back up, the trends are, what I would say, generally stabilized. We do
intend, over time, like many folks to serve customers where they want to get served. That's digital, that's
full digital. What we've seen a lot of the time is customers start digital and then fulfill in retail. And we're
fully set up to support that, and we're going to continue to support that as we move forward.

Michael Sievert - President & CEO

Another way of saying that, and one of the reasons why we don't break down digital is that -- and I know
it sounds a little cagey, Mike, but all of our customers come in through digital. And all of our customers
nearly come in through retail. So in other words, they're hybrid approaches. Almost everyone deeply
researches a rate plan. Many start a card, some finish a card. Even the ones that come through pure
digital, the majority of those get some kind of human touch shortly thereafter.

So it's a hybrid model. And that hybrid model, to your point, is changing. It's not changing in a way that's
going to bring material changes to our financials anytime soon because right now, anyway, customers

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

expect a human interaction at some point in the process. And I hope that changes over time. But as long
as they do, that's where our people shine. And our people are just -- we won J.D. Power again. We just
won the highest scores ever in the history of J.D. Power for customer care. So human interaction is a real
source of strength of ours, and even digital customers benefit from it.

The last part of your question was about retail rationalization, about the store counts, about our reach.
I can tell you that -- and I'll go to Jon Freier, if he's on the audio line, just for a quick comment because
he really engineered -- our Head of Consumer Markets engineered this day 1 with so much a coordination
with our communications group, our marketing group, our product and technology groups, our engineering
groups. But Jon has led a go-to-market approach. And we've simultaneously reached more people as
T-Mobile now with a deeper population reach of retail than ever before, while going faster on store
rationalization than people expected. Do you want to share a couple of those stats, Jon?

Jon A. Freier
Executive Vice President of Consumer Markets

Hey, everybody. Yes, it has been an incredible last 90 to 120 days. And like Mike said just a few moments
ago, we've got a united -- unified, how about unified, a unified operation behind the T-Mobile brand. And
what that really means, guys, is that no matter if you're going into a legacy T-Mobile store or a legacy
Sprint store, the answer is yes, we can help you.

And what we did here is we took the legacy T-Mobile systems and installed them into our legacy Sprint
stores, and then we took the legacy Sprint systems and installed them into our legacy T-Mobile stores. We
rebranded everything. So if you're driving around, you would probably see these banners that say Sprint
now part of T-Mobile. So we've got the Sprint exterior signs down, the new banners up, and there will be
permanent T-Mobile signage that will be following over the next several weeks and months.

But what we wanted to do is be able to put customers in a position and say, "Yes, we can help you. No
matter if you're coming into the store that you've always come into or maybe you're coming into a store
that's more convenient to you now." And we're in a position where, yes, we're not seeing it from this store
to that store, but we can help you in all of that.

So we've done an extraordinary amount of training, lots of system work from our product and technology
teams, and our team has been in a great spot to do that and like Mike said just a few moments ago, not
only simultaneously reducing some overlap stores. As you guys know, we talked about this, that we've
had stores that just are really right on top of one another, and of course, you're going to rationalize that
and optimize that as you need to. But at the same time, we have expanded presence. We actually have
10 million more covered POPs across the country that we're expanding to. So that's 275 million people
that we're distributing to. Prior to close, that was about 265 million. And so there were places in the Upper
Midwest and the Great Lakes, for example, where our distribution reach wasn't as great, but the Sprint
distribution reach was really there.

And so we've been able to get those synergies and get all that behind us, get more locations to serve
more customers, put our teams in a position to be able to help new customers onto the T-Mobile platform
and then also take care of our Sprint-branded customers until they migrate to the T-Mobile platform over
the next set of years.

So I'm super proud of what our team has accomplished. It's been an amazing amount of work. And like
both what Mike and Matt said just a few moments ago, in this environment, it's really heroic of what our
teams have done. So appreciate the time, Mike.

Michael Sievert - President & CEO

It looks to us at the beginning of this, like we reach about 275 million people with our distribution now,
while going faster than expected on retail rationalization. So it's a win on both fronts, really terrific.
Congratulations, Jon.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

And next, we'll go to Simon Flannery from Morgan Stanley.

Simon William Flannery
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Mike, I think, last call, you talked about some early wins in enterprise. I wonder if you could just pull back
more broadly and just think about where you see the biggest sort of seams of opportunity. You had a lot of
color around these areas where you thought you could make progress as a stand-alone T-Mobile. Now that
you're combined with Sprint, where do you think the best opportunities to take share are over the next
couple of years with the new network?

Michael Sievert - President & CEO

Yes, terrific. I love the fact that we are a wireless pure play with the highest capacity in the history of the
wireless industry in our plan and because that's ultimately to our advantage. Enterprises, they have a
complex milieu of solution providers from the biggest companies in the world. And what they want from
our industry is a high-capacity connection at a great value and then surround around that with an easy-
to-manage setup. And we need to be the best at doing business with in this category. And so we're very
focused on being the winning pure play.

Mike Katz and his team have done a phenomenal job. Mike got out of the gates very quickly in this merger
and had his day 1 weeks ago with our T-Mobile for Business team, integrating our go-to-market against
enterprises, public sector opportunities, et cetera.

I mentioned in my remarks that T-Mobile for Business led the way. We had to update you mid-quarter on
our guidance, and then we just updated you again that we beat the high end of the range of our guidance.
Both of those were largely, but not entirely, due to some outstanding opportunities to serve businesses,
public sector and schools, for example, in this rapidly changing landscape.

Customers have reached out to us and said, "Hey, we need help. We need a great deal. We need a high-
capacity service for kids." We talked a lot in our Project 10Million about the homework gap, if you recall.
But that's translated, now it's a school work gap. It's all day. It's not just homework. And T-Mobile has
the capacity to serve, and that's just phenomenal. So Mike, if you're on the line, would you want to say
anything else about the opportunity ahead?

Michael J. Katz
Executive VP of T-Mobile for Business

Yes. No. Thanks, Mike. Yes, I think you're exactly right. I know I mentioned last earnings that we're in
this really interesting time in the middle of COVID. And then as we come out of COVID, as companies
are doing their long-term planning and maybe even thinking about possible recession, that we're seeing
buying happening in this category at a faster rate than we typically would have seen. Rather than
companies waiting 3, 4, 5 years to buy in this category, it's happening fast, it's happening faster. The time
lines have compressed.

And that's created a huge opportunity for us, where, in many enterprises, we're not the incumbent. And
our teams have just done an incredible job finding that demand from customers and matching it. But
at the end of the day, like Mike said, it really is about the network. And the network that we have in the
ground today, in the things that we're doing that Neville and Mike talked about a second ago, really are
going to be the difference-maker for us because businesses and government agencies first look at the
network, they look at our technical compliance relative to their standards, and then they pick. Then they
pick us based on all the other things that we do.

And right now, we're able to meet all those demands from customers. And we're now differentiating a
network, not just a me-too proposition like our competitors. So an exciting time...

Simon William Flannery
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

I think COVID will cause customers to maybe look to switch carriers more aggressively to get a better
price performance.

Michael J. Katz
Executive VP of T-Mobile for Business

Yes. I think we've -- and we've seen some signs of that. Many companies out there are looking at their
long-term cost model, and they're going through their own cost transformation programs as they prepare
to maybe weather the post-COVID storm. And we see lots of examples of companies on...

Michael Sievert - President & CEO

I mean the smart jobs are kind of hiding the dynamic going on in American companies, which is everybody
is looking for dollars and looking under every rock to find them. And here we are, at just that moment,
with the best value and the highest capacity service. So that's really exciting.

The last word I'll say on this, which is also a little bit COVID-related, is the CL, corporate-liable part of
our market, has kind of been flatlined for a long time. And I actually think that post COVID, there is an
opportunity that the changing work styles will cause us to see growth again in that sector, just at the time
we're arriving with hyper competitiveness and able to lead the pack.

So -- and the reason for that is simple, some form of homework and home officing is going to continue.
And some amount of that will carry on, and companies will feel more of a need than in the past to take
responsibility for some of the home connectivity and personal connectivity of their employees. That means
enterprise corporate liable lines may be positively responsive to this environment. That's always been a
castle of AT&T's and Verizon's, but it's ours to take and we're scaling the walls.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Craig Moffett from MoffettNathanson.

Craig Eder Moffett
MoffettNathanson LLC

You reported in the release that you've converted about 10% of customers over to the T-Mobile -- Sprint
customers over to the T-Mobile network. And it naturally sort of brings back memories of the way you
managed the MetroPCS merger some years ago. I wonder if you could just contrast those 2, and maybe
particularly with Neville, and talk about what's different this time in trying to integrate particularly the
2.5-gigahertz spectrum versus what you did in the MetroPCS merger, which was effectively running off a
network and then moving over the spectrum and just how that should inform the way we think about the
cadence of the synergy realization here.

Michael Sievert - President & CEO

Neville, why don't you just jump in?

Neville Ray - EVP, CTO

Yes. Happy to take it. Hey, Craig. So the situations are comparable, but they are different and favorably
so. I think the biggest delta is that as we look to MetroPCS, I mean, that was primarily a CDMA customer
base. And so we have different technologies, and we knew we have to retire and move all of those
customers out of the CDMA phones effectively.

Here we are with combining our traffic and our customer bases across Sprint and T-Mobile. And the update
today, Mike mentioned it in the opening remarks, 85% of the Sprint customer base have a compatible
phone with the T-Mobile network. So that 10% traffic number, which is remarkable in a very short period
of time, it's there because we can start to open the network up, not just on LTE. Our Sprint customers
have access to that great nationwide 5G now, too. But because they have compatible LTE handsets and
we've activated and were moving through VoLTE very quickly, which is the primary voice bearer for us, it's
not that we're competing on a different technology as it was with Metro, we can move those customers in
a much faster pace.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

And so I'm always hopeful and confident now that we can move through the migration of traffic and
ultimately spectrum and then move to decommissioning at a faster pace. I mean that's the game plan.
And as I said earlier on, we're furiously building out the network capability to house that spectrum, the 2.5
gigahertz that we have a huge volume of, as you know, Craig. And as we do that, we can support more
and more traffic and start to ultimately migrate these customers across.

So a very similar playbook in many ways in terms of how we approach it, but we're in a much better place
to move faster because of the handset compatibility.

Craig Eder Moffett
MoffettNathanson LLC

I mean I just had one follow-up to the previous question, about the enterprise segment. What do you plan
to do with the wireline network from Sprint?

Michael Sievert - President & CEO

The competition and post integration, are there any strategic acquisition areas you're interested in to
accelerate growth. So obviously, and I know you knew this and asked, it's not something I can address
directly. But I can tell you this, and I said it a little bit earlier, I like being a pure play. I like being -- we're
focused, and we're disciplined. And that's going to be one of the ways that we win. Wireless is where
things are going. You've heard us say, John Legere said for years, you've heard us say over and over, all
content and communications of all kind are leaving their linear forms and going to the Internet. And the
Internet's going mobile. Mobile is eating the Internet. And so as a mobile pure play, that's a great place to
be.

Now on the other side of it, I'll just say, while we're focused and disciplined, we have a fantastic balance
sheet and an incredible source of strength. And so we won't be obtuse to strategic opportunities if they
make sense in our business model. But I think you're investing in this company because you see that we
have an opportunity to win in this huge market. And we intend to focus and to do just that.

Operator

And it looks like our next one is from Jonathan Chaplin from New Street.

Jonathan Chaplin
New Street Research LLP

Great quarter. One for Mike and one for Neville. For Mike, or maybe it's Peter, were there any synergies
captured in 2Q? Or is it too early? And then how much of this -- what are you assuming for synergy
capture in the second half guidance? And this one's definitely for Mike. The $43 billion, you said a few
times that you expect it to be higher. Is that just from acceleration or the synergy number or the EBITDA
number in the out-year being larger than you initially thought it would be? And then for Neville, when you
get to full tilt on the 5G deployment, what -- how many -- what does that 700 sites per week go to?

Michael Sievert - President & CEO

You've heard -- I'll have Peter comment on the first one. You heard in my remarks that we moved faster
than expected on so many elements of integration in the second quarter, and you saw us flow the costs
through for some of those things. And yes, that does allow us to start to see some run rate synergy
impacts from those moves. I also said that, that sets us up well to invest in the next round. So you have
to kind of keep it in balance because the bigger pieces to the earlier discussion are still in front of us.
The actual operational integration spending was pretty light in Q2. You'll see benefit of it flow in, but that
benefit is really allowing us to move to the next base in the round of bases and swing again.

And so in '20 and '21, these are big investment years, and it's important we start to get some of that run
rate to flow in because that actually helps to fund us as we go along. So I think I kind of captured that in
my remarks. But Peter, why don't you tack -- add to that and then tackle the other piece?

Peter Osvaldik - EVP, CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

Yes. Absolutely, Mike. So there's no doubt, right, that with the long tenancy of the deal as well as
COVID-19, right, it's a differential versus what we put out there almost 2 years ago, but we do remain
highly confident in our ability to exceed. And to your point, Mike, yes, the moves that we made in Q2, you
saw us accelerate and diligently do things. And we put the 8-K out there, both from the organizational
design acceleration, the store rationalization acceleration. You can see that the pace of the 2.5 rollout is,
which is, again, the first step of the 3, that ultimately leads to the decommissioning, which is the biggest
part of the synergies.

You saw avoided site builds already. That's already something that we're capturing. So yes, in the second
half of the year, we're already going to be capturing some synergies, and that's been only build through
the investment periods. And again, as Mike said, I think we're a quarter in through this journey. It's a
multiyear journey. We're a quarter in. We're already seeing optimistic signs, and we're moving quickly
where it's prudent to do so. And we do owe you an update on that. So as soon as we can, we will.

Michael Sievert - President & CEO

And hopefully, you will hear us saying -- and we're laying down some facts to back it up now, that our
aspiration is to go faster and bigger. And look, I think, ultimately, you're going to measure our team based
on 3 simple things. Did we outgrow the competition through this first planning cycle as a new company?
Did we unlock the synergies bigger and faster than we promised and translate that to enterprise value?
And did we set up the company for long-term success? And this management team is laser-focused on all
of these.

Neville Ray - EVP, CTO

Jonathan, on the back end of your question there on the run rate, obviously, we're going to do better than
the 700 per week. But I'm delighted with that ramp during the pandemic. So the great news is we've got
great resources out there working very safely and with health and safety paramount. Our supply chain is
actually really robust. We had a few scares in the early days of the pandemic. But the things are moving
really well.

And I want to get into a nice, robust, steady state and go build this network out as we said over the next
few years. I really want to break the back of the 2.5 deployment over the next 18 months. And that's the
plan. And we have a run rate and a production rate. The network factory now is rolling out new upgrades
and incremental site activity on a very, very strong cadence now. So we're in a good spot.

Michael Sievert - President & CEO

You guys, I'm going to step out right now, but we are going to take one last question, and then Peter will
wrap us up. So for my part, thank you for this great discussion. This was a phenomenal quarter.

Operator

Our last one comes from Peter Supino from Bernstein.

Peter Lawler Supino
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

I was wondering if you had any insights on Sprint subscriber churn. And I know that COVID-19 makes
it hard to separate the drivers of changes in churn. But do you see anything about the way Sprint
subscribers are interacting with the network that gives you a quantitative sense of how their experience
might be changing?

Matt Staneff - EVP, CMO

Yes. Hey, Peter, it's Matt. I'll start, and then if Neville wants to jump in on any other factors there. So we
haven't seen anything that surprised us. And we feel great about the results we have in Q2 in terms of
subscriber churn for Sprint. We've seen lots of positive signs. We've been able to rapidly enable roaming
and the ability for the Sprint customers to get access to the T-Mobile network. And we see noticeable
declines in churn rates from those customers who have moved on the network, which is partly why we're

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

going very fast at getting the build-out done, why we're very happy about the handset compatibility
and why we're aggressively moving fast at bringing those enhanced coverage experiences to the Sprint
customers.

We've also seen great participation from the Sprint customer base into some of the offers and programs
that T-Mobile traditionally had, like T-Mobile Tuesdays. Our -- we've had that for a number of years. It's
massive. It's a great platform for customers to just get thanked every day for being a customer. It's an
example of something we've rolled out to the Sprint customer base, and we've seen great adoption of that
from customers. That's a very positive sign. So that we have an engaged customer base, very excited
about being a part of the T-Mobile company and what we have in front of us. And so we're feeling very
positive about where things are headed.

All that said, we don't know how that's going to look when we come out of the suppression in Q2 from
COVID. So we're watching that. And as Mike said earlier, we're planning for a highly competitive back half
of the year. We're pushing full in getting back to normal. Hopefully, new devices come so we can really
take share in the marketplace.

Neville Ray - EVP, CTO

I would just add a little bit to that. I think that this access to the T-Mobile network for the Sprint customer
base is absolutely key. I mean we know that the average churn was a major concern in the Sprint
base. You've heard our numbers today, I mean, 10 million customers every day now accessing the T-
Mobile network. And that's everywhere, right? It's not -- this isn't kind of a roaming thing where it's just
geographic expansion into rural environment. This is happening in building in Manhattan and Seattle.
It's happening in urban cores. It's happening in suburban environments as well as rural. And only about
35%, 40% of that traffic is actually in rural environments. So Sprint customers are already seeing a
dramatic improvement in their coverage. We did that the day of close. We opened up the network for
Sprint customers with compatible handsets, which is the vast majority as we've covered.

And so big improvement in -- that coverage experience has been a key. We're already starting to move
towards flipping customers over completely to a T-Mobile network experience. We've been very targeted
with that to make sure that customers on the Sprint side that had very difficult and challenging coverage
situations, we've moved some of those already completely over to the T-Mobile network. And there will be
more of that, obviously, as we ramp up our build spectrum migration and all of the activities we've talked
about today.

So very pleased with the progress there and very positive signs in terms of the uptake from Sprint
customers using the T-Mobile network. With that, I'm going to hand...

Peter Osvaldik - EVP, CFO

Thank you, Peter, for the great question. And thank you, everybody, for tuning in, and we're really looking
forward to continuing on this journey and speaking with you again next quarter. Okay. Operator?

Operator
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the T-Mobile US Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. If
you have any further questions, you may contact Investor Relations or the media department. Thank you
for your participation. You may now disconnect, and have a pleasant day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

