T-Mobile US, Inc. NasdaqGS:TMUS
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, November 05, 2020 9:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.40

1.18

Revenue  (mm)

18305.26

19272.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-03-2020 6:51 AM GMT

195.00

5.28

0.42

2.43

2.92

19305.46

66145.24

76067.02

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.84

1.03

0.15

0.40

0.87

1.10

0.84

1.18

3.57 %

6.80 %

460.00 %

195.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

G. Michael Sievert
President, CEO, COO & Director

Jud Henry
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

Matthew A. Staneff
Executive VP & Chief Marketing
Officer

Michael J. Katz
Executive VP of T-Mobile for
Business

Neville R. Ray
President of Technology

Peter Osvaldik
Executive VP & CFO

Unknown Executive

ANALYSTS

Brett Joseph Feldman
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Craig Eder Moffett
MoffettNathanson LLC

David William Barden
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

John Christopher Hodulik
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Jonathan Chaplin
New Street Research LLP

Michael Ian Rollins
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Philip A. Cusick
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Simon William Flannery
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Walter Paul Piecyk
LightShed Partners

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon. Welcome to the T-Mobile Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I
would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jud Henry, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor
Relations for T-Mobile US. Please go ahead, sir.

Jud Henry
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks for joining us for T-Mobile's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. With me today are Mike Sievert, our
President and CEO; Neville Ray, our President of Technology; Matt Staneff, our Chief Marketing Officer;
and of course, Peter Osvaldik, our CFO; as well as other members of the senior leadership team.

During this call, we will make forward-looking statements that may include projections and statements
about our future financial and operating results, our plans, the benefits we expect to receive from our
merger with Sprint, our business operations in light of COVID-19 and other statements that are not
historical facts. Such statements are based upon current beliefs and expectations of our management and
are subject to significant risks and uncertainties outside of our control that could cause actual results to
differ materially, including the risk factors set forth in our filings with the SEC.

Reconciliations between GAAP and the non-GAAP results we discuss on this call can be found on the
Quarterly Results section of the Investor Relations web page. I also want to remind everyone that the
results prior to the second quarter of 2020 and our earnings materials represent the historical results of
stand-alone T-Mobile prior to our merger. I would also like to note that we are currently in a quiet period
for Auction 107, and we'll therefore be very limited in any comments that we can make related to that.

With that, let me turn the call over to Mike.

G. Michael Sievert
President, CEO, COO & Director

Thanks, Jud. Great job. Hi, everybody. Well, for obvious reasons, hopefully you can tell by now, we are
so excited to share our Q3 results with you today. Today's report shows that T-Mobile's momentum has
continued to accelerate quarter after quarter as we profitably take share and outpace the competition. We
surprised the skeptics and the optimists yet again with strong results across the board and increased our
financial guidance across every metric for the balance of the year.

I'm proud to say that this quarter, we delivered the biggest subscriber growth in our history, in our history,
with over 2 million total net additions. This is our 23rd consecutive quarter leading the industry, and this
quarter, we delivered more than AT&T and Verizon combined. We've now surpassed 100 million total
customers, and we're pulling further ahead of AT&T as the nation's #2 wireless provider.

We did all of that and delivered the strongest financials in our history. ARPU and ARPA went up from last
quarter. Churn went down with the best year-over-year churn performance in our industry for postpaid
phones when you look at estimated pro forma combined from last year. Our $7 billion of adjusted EBITDA
beat expectations and by a lot. We delivered over $14 billion in service revenue, also beating estimates
handily. And importantly, we also accelerated CapEx spending as Neville and team are running at full
speed ahead on our synergy-driven network build.

Even with all of this outsized growth and accelerated network investment, we're actually increasing
guidance today on operating cash flow and free cash flow for the balance of the year, big steps forward
in growth and profitability at the same time. All that is possible because these results begin to reflect the
benefits of operating in a synergy-backed model, allowing us to pursue both simultaneously versus the
age-old trade-off of going after growth versus preserving margins in a given period.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Our operating momentum didn't just deliver growth and profitability. It delivered amazing progress on our
network. I will share more with you in a moment about all that, but the country has never seen anything
like this network build, which is tracking well ahead of schedule and is clearly beginning to differentiate T-
Mobile as the bona fide network leader of the 5G era.

I'm just so proud of the team for being able to execute at such an incredible level in a highly competitive
marketplace while simultaneously driving integration faster and better than expected to capture our
merger synergies and deliver value for both shareholders and customers. We're working hard to go big
and go fast, and we expect to realize over $1.2 billion of synergies in 2020, way ahead of our plan. And
we're only a few months in.

Breaking it down, we expect to achieve more than $600 million in network synergies primarily from
avoided site builds and early decommissioning. And at the same time, we expect to realize about
$500 million from streamlined marketing efforts under one flagship brand and with expedited retail
rationalization. And we're now done with the initial process to evolve our organizational structure, to
become one team that's organized to deliver results for the business, which is expected to enable about
100 million of back-office synergies this year alone.

Last quarter, I told you I was even more confident in our synergy plans than I was before the merger, and
that continues to hold true. These early results in 2020 demonstrate our focus on lightning-fast execution.
I'd also like to announce we plan to host an analyst day in the first quarter shortly after we report our
year-end results, where we're going to share with you more details on synergies and our outlook for the
business in the next few years. And just to leave you with a little bit of a teaser, we expect synergies in
2021, including cost avoidance synergies, to be more than double what they were in 2020. So stay tuned
for more.

Coming back to our strong customer results for a minute. I also want to add some important context to
what we delivered. First, the industry continued to feel the impact of COVID-19 in Q3 with a much slower
switching environment than 1 year ago. As a share-taker, that is a clear headwind to growth, and yet we
still led the industry in postpaid gross adds for phones and net adds. This is particularly exciting when you
consider that we also essentially retire the Sprint brand for new customers at the beginning of August,
which immediately shut off a certain flow of gross adds. So our Q3 results reinforce this team's execution
and the growing strength of the T-Mobile brand to capture what we did in the market during what I would
describe as a transition quarter.

We continue to see very strong growth in postpaid other devices, including continued traction in T-Mobile
for Business this quarter. This reflects how we were the most responsive carrier to the needs of school
districts nationwide as they've increased availability of digital learning solutions due to the greater demand
for remote learning this fall. We also saw particularly strong growth in enterprise and government, and
recognition of our amazing customer service just continued to roll in.

For 4 years in a row now, businesses of all sizes have ranked the Un-carrier #1 in wireless satisfaction
in the annual J.D. Power U.S. Business Wireless Satisfaction Study. We think we have about an 8 or 9
share in this market among enterprises, large enterprises and governments. So that's a lot of share-taking
potential. It's going well, and like the saying goes, we're just getting started.

Next, I want to touch on our investments to expand our 5G network leadership. As you know, we are miles
ahead of the competition at the dawn of the 5G era, and we're well positioned to stay ahead. There are
really 2 things that matter when it comes to unlocking the potential of 5G. And I'll tell you now, T-Mobile is
far and away the clear leader on both.

The first one is coverage, having reliable 5G service where you live, work and play. Coverage is king. We
have America's largest 5G network that covers 270 million people across 1.4 million square miles. Did you
know? We provide more geographic coverage right now than AT&T and Verizon combined on 5G. To be
more precise, our 5G coverage is double AT&T and 3.5x Verizon's. They claim to be nationwide, but they
really only cover a fraction of the geography that T-Mobile does.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Verizon showed up late to the party by using dynamic spectrum sharing to avoid being the only carrier
without "nationwide" 5G coverage when the iPhone 12 launched. But because they're sharing spectrum
between LTE and 5G, their 5G median speeds and availability overall are the lowest of the big 3 and not
much better than LTE. Well, our 5G speeds on low band, extended range 5G are twice as fast as LTE
thanks to our dedicated 600 megahertz spectrum.

Okay. The second element that really matters is the high capacity, high-speed capabilities enabled by
bigger channels of spectrum found in mid-band and high band. This ultrahigh capacity 5G is where
exciting things can happen. And that's why our 2.5 gigahertz mid-band spectrum is the real Goldilocks
band for 5G because it has both massive capacity and it has reach measured in miles from our towers,
not meters like the other guys. We now have 2.5 gigahertz deployed in over 400 cities and towns covering
over 30 million Americans. And we're targeting more than 1,000 cities and towns, covering 100 million
people with our mid-band high-capacity 5G coverage by year-end, that's just 2 months away, with plans to
have nationwide 5G on 2.5 gigahertz by the end of next year.

This high-capacity 5G is delivering average download speeds of around 300 megabits per second and
gigabit peak speeds, and that will continue to grow. For all the crowing that Verizon's done around their
high-capacity solution, Ultra Wideband, one analyst recently estimated that it only covers an estimated
2 million people. This aligns with the recent Ookla report which shows that Verizon customers only
connected to the Ultra Wideband 5G less than 1% of the time. Said simply, our fast 5G reaches 15x more
people than Verizon's today and could reach 50, 5-0, 50x more people by the end of this year. Our 5G
network is well ahead of the competition, and it just keeps getting better.

Lastly, as you know, we're expanding our Un-carrier strategy to leverage our leading 5G network and
brand and scale to capture new market opportunities, and we're doing it without losing sight of our core
focus. We are continuing to expand our Home Internet pilot, delivering broadband service at better prices
to households across the U.S. with a special focus on small towns and rural America. We just expanded
our pilot to parts of 450 cities and towns that were somewhat abandoned by AT&T, and we continue to
lay the groundwork for our wider launch of 5G wireless broadband service for homes and businesses very
soon.

And last week, we had some exciting and long-awaited news with the nationwide launch of TVision. We are
all about solving pain points and serving customers, and this latest Un-carrier move showcases that yet
again. Well, there are just so many pain points in the TV arena. Customers are so tired of being forced into
contracts with exploding bundles and massive unadvertised fees and huge overpriced packages just to get
live news and sports. We're providing customers with the content and -- that they want at an incredible
value, which highlights the benefits of being with T-Mobile in the first place. This is all about driving our
wireless business, and it serves as an important enabler for our emerging Home Internet business that I
just talked about as satisfied customers rely on T-Mobile more and more for their connectivity services.

So what should your main takeaways be -- just make sure you do a mute check. So what should your
main takeaways be from all of this? You guys, this was a stellar quarter, really buttressing the thesis that
so many investors have about T-Mobile. We showed we can deliver incredible growth, in fact, the highest
subscriber growth in our history while simultaneously beating expectations on service revenue, EBITDA
and EPS and increasing guidance across the board, including free cash flow. Simultaneous growth and
profitability fueled by the rapid and faster-than-expected unlocking of synergies, a gift which we'll keep
giving for years to come.

Far from being distracted by the merger, we're already putting the results of our integration to work as
a source of strength. We did it all while pulling away from the pack on what really matters: network and
the customer experience, setting the stage for T-Mobile growth leadership in this market for the duration
of the 5G era. Only one company will be positioned to provide the best network and the best value in the
5G era and that's T-Mobile. The benefits of all of that to our stakeholders is just an exciting story that's
rapidly unfolding.

Okay. Now I'm going to ask Peter Osvaldik to take us through the financials and our guidance. So Peter,
take it away.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Peter Osvaldik
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Mike. As you can clearly see from our results, we delivered the quarter with record-setting
customer growth while simultaneously posting strong financial results, and this profitable growth sets
us up for an even stronger second half than we originally expected. So as Mike mentioned, we're raising
guidance across the board as we continue to execute on our proven playbook of delivering growth and
profitability.

All right. Let's go ahead and jump right into the financial details for the quarter. Total service revenue
grew to $14.1 billion on continued growth in postpaid and an increase in wholesale revenues as a result
of the MVNO agreement with DISH following the sale of Sprint prepaid customers on July 1. Recall that
the revenue attributable to Sprint prepaid customers was reflected in discontinued operations in our Q2
results, and therefore you see a sequential increase in reported wholesale service revenue in Q3.

Cost of services of $3.3 billion increased sequentially driven by higher site costs due to the volume of
upgrades we have completed as well as higher merger-related costs partially offset by additional synergies
captured. Looking into Q4, we expect the full quarter impact of increased noncash lease expense from a
tower agreement signed in September, which will impact cost of services by approximately $150 million
sequentially. Again, this is noncash and is partially offset by continued synergy realization.

SG&A expenses of $4.9 billion were down sequentially primarily due to lower merger-related costs as
much of those costs were severance and transaction-related in Q2. Additionally, we also had lower bad
debt and sales expenses along with additional synergies captured in Q3. We expect seasonally higher sales
costs in the fourth quarter related to the iPhone launch and holiday promotional environment.

Q3 net income of $1.3 billion and diluted earnings per share of $1 were impacted by $208 million and
$0.17 of merger-related costs, respectively. Adjusted EBITDA amounted to $7.1 billion, which increased
sequentially primarily due to higher postpaid service and equipment revenues partially offset by higher
cost of equipment sales and cost of services.

Net cash provided by operating activities totaled $2.8 billion, which includes $379 million for merger-
related costs. Cash purchases of property and equipment, including capitalized interest of $108 million,
amounted to $3.2 billion as we accelerated the build-out of our nationwide 5G network and ramped
network integration activities.

Free cash flow was $352 million, already achieving the low end of our second half guidance even with
higher capital spending. Postpaid ARPA, or average revenue per account, amounted to $133.03, and
postpaid phone ARPU was $48.55. The sequential increase in postpaid phone ARPU was primarily driven
by higher premium service revenues, and we expect Q4 to trend closer to Q2 levels with promotional
activities.

And I have to mention the ongoing work done to significantly improve our capital structure and strengthen
our balance sheet. Last month, we issued nearly $9 billion of secured notes with an average rate of 2.99%
and an average tenor of 23.4 years. Collectively, since the merger closed, we have more than doubled the
average maturity of our debt portfolio from 4.3 to 9.2 years and lowered the average cost of debt from
approximately 5.7% to approximately 5.1%, excluding the noncash amortization of swaps.

Okay. Let me come to our guidance, which we are raising across the board as both growth and profitability
were much stronger than originally anticipated. Again, we wanted to provide this guidance and prioritize
transparency even during these uncertain times. While ranges for Q4 can be inferred, we are updating our
guidance in the context of our previously provided second half 2020 outlook.

We had originally guided to 1.7 million to 1.9 million postpaid net adds in the second half of 2020. Well,
we checked that off the list in Q3 alone. So in a Q4 exclusive, we're providing postpaid phone guidance.
We'll look to continue to lead the industry in postpaid phone growth and expect postpaid phone net
customer additions between 600,000 and 700,000 in the fourth quarter. Also for Q4, we expect a more
balanced mix of postpaid phone and postpaid other net additions relative to the extended educational
opportunities that we saw in Q3.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Adjusted EBITDA is now expected to be in the range of $13.6 billion to $13.7 billion for the back half
of 2020, up $1 billion (sic) [ $1.1 billion ] [ from ] original second half guidance and includes leasing
revenues of $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion. The implied Q4 guide reflects our expectations for seasonally
higher costs related to the iPhone launch and holiday promotional environment as well as the noncash
straight-line lease expense impact from our recent tower agreement.

Cash purchases of property and equipment, including capitalized interests, are expected to be between
$6.7 billion and $6.9 billion, at the high end of our prior guidance, driven by strong momentum on our
network deployment. For the second half of 2020, merger-related costs, not included in adjusted EBITDA,
are unchanged from our prior guidance and expected to be $800 million to $1 billion before taxes.
You'll notice that this implies an increase from Q3 levels as we continue increasing momentum across
operational integration activities.

Net cash provided by operating activities, including payments for merger-related costs, is expected to be
in the range of $5.9 billion to $6.1 billion, up from our original guidance of $5.3 billion to $5.7 billion. And
free cash flow, including payments for merger-related costs, is now expected to be in the range of $700
million to $900 million, also increasing from our original guidance of $300 million to $500 million. And our
effective tax rate for the second half of 2020 is now expected to be in the range of 20% to 23%. This is a
lower rate than our previous guidance primarily due to higher pretax book income.

And As Mike mentioned, we are looking forward to an analyst day in Q1 following year-end results to
provide updated color around synergies and long-term guidance as well as a strategic overview of the
business. We know this is an update you've all been waiting for, and our entire team is excited to share
with you all that we have going on.
Okay. Now let's get to your questions. [Operator Instructions] We will start with the question on the
phone. Operator, first question, please?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jonathan Chaplin with New Street.

Jonathan Chaplin
New Street Research LLP

My question is about your 5G go-to-market strategy. So I think you guys have a phenomenal advantage
with 2 -- 2.5 gigahertz, as you articulated, and I think everybody on the call understands that advantage.
But I'm wondering if the consumer market understands that -- the advantage that you have and how
you drive that message into the market over the -- as we sort of enter the 5G era post the launch of the
iPhone?

G. Michael Sievert
President, CEO, COO & Director

Yes, Phil, you know, they don't. And that's a real tailwind for investors because perception, by definition,
lags reality. And so to me, that's a big, exciting part of the story. We've done such a great job over the
past 7, 8 years reinforcing with innovative breakthrough Un-carrier moves our value proposition. But to
your point, we haven't trained those same engines to the same extent on our network story. And now we
have a network story that is just phenomenal, and it's about to get a lot better.

As I talked about, right now, we've got 30 million people with our highest capacity, highest speed 5G, 270
million overall with 5G. But that's going -- that 30 million is going to 100 million. At the same time, the
other guys are nearly standing still on their highest capacity 5G. It's just going to be such a stark reality
that consumers are finally going to have to pay attention because millions of people are going to have one
of these iPhone 12s and with T-Mobile, they're going to actually find high-capacity 5G and get hundreds
of megabits per second, and their friends are going to be jealous. And not only that, they're going to be
seeing our story unfold on TV.

As you know, synergies mean a cut in advertising and marketing, but that's versus pro forma combined.
Right now, our CMO, Matt Staneff, is investing more in the T-Mobile brand than ever before in our history,
even net of those synergies. And those network equities, while it's mostly a tailwind for investors, mostly
an opportunity for improvement, we're confident in our ability to market around here. But by the way,
there's already some progress. Matt, do you want to talk about how the brand's doing?

Matthew A. Staneff
Executive VP & Chief Marketing Officer

Yes. The brand -- that's a great question, by the way. I love the fact that we're asking about how we're
going to get credit for the network we have. It's such an amazing place to be. It's been a number of years
since we've been so set up for success in the marketplace. I just want to remind you as well, sequencing
is important. We're just coming off our quarter where we folded 2 brands into 1 in the postpaid market
and delivered these great results. So we've been hard at work at getting that right.

The other thing I'll remind you was in the early days of 5G messaging, we weren't out there bragging
about something that didn't exist, right? We've been going now for a year with our nationwide 5G with
extended coverage, and Neville is building a phenomenal network. So it's coming. It's coming very soon.
And as Mike said, we are set up more than we ever have been to really communicate the message clearly
in the marketplace, both the network we have as well as the incredible prices and value customers get
from us.

We've seen great success. Early indicators are showing good progress, very good progress in network
equities, consideration, all the leading indicators you want to see are already moving, and we haven't even
gotten started yet telling the story I know you all are waiting for us to tell. I won't surprise everybody,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

but I will remind you as well, we have a long legacy and history of disrupting the marketplace, being
innovative with our marketing and it's coming. So stay tuned.

Operator

Our next question comes from Phil Cusick with JPMorgan.

Philip A. Cusick
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Maybe if you could just -- thanks for the guide, which says a lot about your view of competition in the
fourth quarter, but talk more about how you see the market following some more aggressive promotions
this year than last. Do you worry about the rationality of the industry from here? And then can you talk
about churn as well in the Sprint customer base? What has that done versus the T-Mobile base over the
last few months? And how are you doing with nailing those customers down?

G. Michael Sievert
President, CEO, COO & Director

You bet. It's great to hear from you, Phil. Yes, I -- first of all, if you look -- and I'll ask Matt to pile in on
this, if you look at the promotions in the industry, actually to us, they look a lot like last year's. There's
some, obviously, some changes around the margins. The phones underlying are a little bit more expensive
from Apple. But generally speaking, we see a promotional environment a lot like last year's. It feels really
intense, but that's because it's the fourth quarter and it's because there's a big iPhone here. So generally
speaking, I don't see a trend line there that's at all concerning.

As it relates to churn, now there's a trend line I love to talk about. We believe we have the best year-over-
year churn performance in the industry by far. When you look at pro forma combined, remember, this is a
blended 0.9% postpaid phone churn that we delivered. Last year, we had 0.9% without Sprint, and Sprint
was churning at about 2%. So we've blended it all together and delivered that kind of performance. It
shows you one thing. Sprint customers are starting to benefit very significantly from this combination.
And of course, on the T-Mobile side, although we blend it and we don't disclose it separately, man, that's a
great underlying performance there as well, like really good.

So we're delighted. And I have to say, even though we have the best year-over-year churn performance,
down to 0.9%, I also see churn as a tailwind thesis for investors because we have room to run. We
delivered all of this financial performance, $7.1 billion in EBITDA, simultaneously doing that and delivering
our best growth quarter in history with 2 million net new additions with that 0.9% churn that you know
we've shown with our T-Mobile brand, we know how to get down. So I think it's a great potential tailwind
on our story.

But let's talk about promotions because I know you're not the only one that's going to want to talk about
what's happening out there. And it is a bit of a misnomer, I think, what's happening. But Matt, do you
want to share what you're seeing as the quarter is unfolding? I know everybody is curious about the view
from the marketing seat.

Matthew A. Staneff
Executive VP & Chief Marketing Officer

Yes. Thanks, Mike, and thanks for the question, Phil. Just to reiterate on a couple of things Mike said, the
iPhones, it's a different cycle this year than it has historically been. There's a couple of things. One, it's
more spread out. It's happening later in the quarter. As we all know, Q4 tends to be back-end loaded, and
the offers tend to get a little bit more competitive when customers show up to shop for Black Friday and to
Christmas. And so what you're seeing is a little bit of a compressed dynamics on the schedule, and you're
seeing the more expensive phones launch first. And we've already seen changes in the offers that were
announced and have been announced, and we have a new preorder starting just even tomorrow on the
iPhone.

So it's an evolving dynamic in the marketplace. But as Mike said, when you look at it apples-to-apples
and you look at the true comparison of the phone and the plan and the network experience, we think
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

largely speaking, the offer is about the same with one caveat. There's more aggressive base offers and
retention offers out there in the marketplace. And I just got to ask, why is that the case when you look at
the marketplace and the dynamics? We're here. We're very positioned to succeed, like we always are. And
I'll just remind you, again, it's -- the quarter -- Q4 is a bit more back-end loaded typically speaking versus
at the early days of an iPhone launch. We're very well set up to succeed, and we think we've got a very
good game plan, a disciplined game plan, to continue to our momentum and win share.

Philip A. Cusick
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I think the fear has been that some aggressive retention offers would -- thank you.

G. Michael Sievert
President, CEO, COO & Director

No, that's okay. Keep going. Yes. There's a latency, but you were going to pile on a little bit.

Philip A. Cusick
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I was going to say the fear was that some aggressive retention offers would nail down the sort of porting
opportunity in the industry and you would grow more slowly. Clearly, that's not what you see. Have you
seen less sort of porting opportunity in the last couple of weeks?

G. Michael Sievert
President, CEO, COO & Director

Well, switching's muted. I mean if you look across the span of Q3 as well as what's happening in Q4,
switching's down. You see that because churn's down. But what Matt was just saying, I just think, is
important to underscore. We've seen environments like this. We've seen highly intense environments with
lots of switching, and our teams got a flexible model. And we find a way to post the growth, and we're just
really proud of that. We've been at this for a long time as a share-taker. We invest with discipline. We try
not to overdo it. But in a muted switching environment, very muted, we delivered the highest growth in
our history this quarter.

And it really shows, I think more than anything, 2 things: one, how our team executes. Every company
is [ good at ] something. Our company is great at execution. And two, that being -- executing against
a synergy-backed model is a real benefit because we're able to unlock the value of those synergies and
invest them in growth and still deliver the financial performance in the period, as I said in my prepared
remarks.

Operator

Our next question comes from John Hodulik with UBS.

John Christopher Hodulik
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Great. Two, if I could. First, maybe, Mike, on the new TV service. Could you just talk a little bit about the
positioning of that virtual product? What do you expect it to do for your sort of economics of the business?
Is it for churn reduction? Do you think it could be profitable? And then a couple of media companies today
sort of expressed some pushback around the packaging and suggested that those offers may change. If
you could comment on that, that would be great.

And then I don't know if Neville's on, but I thought the comments around synergies for next year, based
on how we had it modeled out, suggests a bit of a pull forward. It sounds like you're really getting into the
meat of the network integration in '21. And then if he's around, if you could talk about how that's going
and how you expect that to ramp next year would be great.

G. Michael Sievert
President, CEO, COO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Sounds great. Well, we'll start with the second one on network and then circle back and I'll answer your
TVision question. But you're on to a great point. I mean this is a critical year for us in '21. You want to talk
about it, Neville?

Neville R. Ray
President of Technology

Yes, I'll cover it quickly, John. So tremendous progress. I mean the pace and acceleration of our plans
inside 2020 has been pretty remarkable. So the stat -- the main stat I'd focus on for you in terms of
progress we're making on migration first. 15% of the Sprint postpaid traffic already on the T-mobile
network. So we're building out that capacity. You heard Mike talk about all of the work we have ongoing
upgrading the network. Migration is in full swing. And what follows on migration, of course, is decomm and
synergy acceleration.

So we've already scored some decomm activity inside 2020, but we will start to really ramp and accelerate
that in '21, and that is ahead of our original plans. The primary kind of decomm years were really '23 and
'24, and you're seeing that move forward in a material way from a time line perspective. So super, super
pleased with the progress. We want to get every customer on that one final T-Mobile network with all that
5G goodness that Mike talked about.

We're going to be famous for network in this company. That's our goal and our ambition, and we want all
of our customers on that network enjoying and exploring that 5G capability as fast and as soon as we can
whilst delivering on that synergy ambition. And we're very confident on both fronts.

G. Michael Sievert
President, CEO, COO & Director

That's obviously going to be a big part of our story next time we talk when we release earnings and give
you some more in-depth guidance on '21, but we're so excited about the potential because we're just
way ahead of schedule. It is mostly network-driven, and Neville and team are running faster than we had
expected in our model. So that's really exciting.

TVision, also really exciting. We -- I'm so happy we got this out. As you know, we've been talking
about TVision for a long time. We sequenced it to be sure it was here, despite all the merger and other
distractions, to be sure it was here in time for our 5G broadband launch. And to your question, that's a big
piece of what it's about. We're coming soon with home broadband. We're serious about home broadband.
It's going to be an important way that we grow this business and make money. And you have to have the
full suite of services to really be able to serve customers there.

But to your question, I also think there's potential benefits on the mobile side. Customers count on us
for their connectivity. They love our brand. We're able to deliver in this product a great, simple, elegant
solution that we're investing in, because you're a T-Mobile customer, so they get a great value. And we're
just smashing a bunch of the pain points in this industry. And this industry is so full of them, as we talked
about at our launch. So we're very excited. We're just getting started.

One of the other things I've talked about for a long time is we also intend to be a great partner to media
companies and an ally, because we're not a media company. We're a pure-play network and connections
company. And so that's obviously got a big future for us as we -- as the world just continues to move
towards an OTT future.

To your very specific question, yes, we are complying with all of our media contracts, and at the same
time, we're working with them because we're open-minded. Some would like to see changes. And if those
changes are great for customers and help us continue to smash customer pain points, we're open-minded.
This is the very beginning, early innings. This is a business that isn't really a business. It's an Un-carrier
move. We're in it for the long haul. But we're doing it to delight customers, and we're doing it to set up a
home broadband business which is going to be where a big piece of the profit pool is. I hope that clears it
up.

Peter Osvaldik

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Executive VP & CFO

There's a great one from [ Cameron Berkshire ] around when will the Home Internet be able to use your
guys' awesome 5G network?

G. Michael Sievert
President, CEO, COO & Director

All right. Yes. Soon, a nonanswer. I don't think we said, but it's coming soon. So right now, we're in a pilot.
It's all 4G LTE. By the way, the 4G LTE customers love this thing, so that's really great. This is such a -- as
I was just saying in response to the last question, this is such an important business for us. We want to
get it right. So we've taken our time. We're piloting it. We're learning how to serve customers and delight
them.

But you think about the capacity of this network that Neville's building, and the fact that all of the capital
for that network is paid for by the mobile business. That means we have an ability to serve customers
with 5G Home Internet really cost effectively because the network's basically already built. And there are
places all across this country where no normal amount of mobile usage will soak up all of that massive
capacity. And that's where we'll be able to offer incredible deals on 5G-powered Home Internet.

And you don't need a ditch dug to your house. You don't need to use old DSL copper wires. You're going to
be able to experience 5G, which is many times faster than, for many people, than today's home Internet
connections even in well-served neighborhoods. So I'm really excited about it. It's coming soon. Can't tell
you the date. Sorry for the nonanswer. You want one more on Twitter or should we go to the phone?

Peter Osvaldik
Executive VP & CFO

I think -- there's just a lot of congrats. People want some t-shirts, Mike. So we'll have to figure out how...

G. Michael Sievert
President, CEO, COO & Director

Yes, we'll take those, "Great quarter, guys", Tweet all day long. But I think -- all right. We'll go back to the
phones.

Operator

Next will be Michael Rollins with Citi.

Michael Ian Rollins
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

A couple quick questions. First, curious as you've now had the Sprint assets in your possession for, I
guess, over 6 months now. Have you seen any opportunities to monetize some of the assets inside of
Sprint that may not be core strategic to what you're doing in the future? And then secondly, if you could
talk a bit about what's happening with device leasing? In your new marketing plans, how customers are
responding and your progress to moving customers over to a more traditional EIP program?

G. Michael Sievert
President, CEO, COO & Director

Sounds great. Well, we'll start with Sprint and device leasing and everything happening with financing. I'm
going to turn to Matt Staneff on that, and then we'll answer your question about Sprint assets.

Matthew A. Staneff
Executive VP & Chief Marketing Officer

Yes, Mike, thanks for that question. So in early August, I think it was August 2 when we retired the
Sprint brand, what we also did is converted the value propositions in the models within the Sprint base
to match that of what we're used to at T-Mobile. And so -- and we've seen great success with that, by
the way, great success with customers continuing to come in and upgrade. It's actually opened up a lot of
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

opportunities as well in terms of access to offers and promotions and the ability for Sprint customers to
upgrade a phone when they want to and not be beholden to other issues with the legacy products.

We're still using a blend as we do at T-Mobile and have we -- as we have done at T-Mobile. But the
progress we're making is really good and over time, it's going to blend and match that more closely to
what we're used to on the T-Mobile side as we continue to manage the Sprint customer base and be there
to serve them for and when they want to upgrade.

G. Michael Sievert
President, CEO, COO & Director

Okay. Great. On the other piece -- thanks, Matt. On the other piece, it's early days. I can't announce
for you any great insights on that question. But I'll say 2 things. One, the capabilities that we inherited
and that we see in this Sprint team and some of the know-how is fantastic. You really can't evaluate this
team and its capabilities by the former business results of stand-alone Sprint. That was a company with
lots of structural challenges financially. And so it was easy to kind of side eye that operation and assume
that it didn't have much to offer. That's totally wrong. Now that we've gotten into it, there's so many best
practices that we've been able to begin to adopt into the combined blended total. So that's very exciting,
including the team.

But to your question, there are also some businesses and capabilities, for example, a wireline capability
that stand-alone T-Mobile never had. So we're taking a great look at that and plenty of other things. So
unfortunately, I can't sort of give you a lot of color on that process because we're looking at it. But when
there's stuff to report, we'll be sure to bring in. I appreciate the question though.

Operator

Next will be Walter Piecyk with LightShed.

Walter Paul Piecyk
LightShed Partners

So first question, I guess, is for -- hey, what's going on, Mike? My first question, I think, is for Neville just
in terms of the synergies overall. And when you're all done with this, and hopefully it all happens sooner
than later, how many of those Sprint sites will ultimately survive? And how quickly can you get that 15%
of traffic up to, I don't know, pick a number, 60%, 80%? Like, what should we think about timing on that?

G. Michael Sievert
President, CEO, COO & Director

My favorite number is 100, Walt. That's the goal. Please don't reduce Neville's goals.

Walter Paul Piecyk
LightShed Partners

How quickly can you get to 100%, Neville?

Neville R. Ray
President of Technology

So on the coverage and capacity opportunity with the Sprint sites, we're on this target to deliver about
35,000 sites that would be decommissioned over the coming years. And that would leave 12,000, 13,000
Sprint sites that we would bring into the T-Mobile network effectively for capacity and/or coverage. And
we're doing a lot of work across both networks now. I don't see those numbers materially changing, Walt.

The target network, obviously, we're over -- well over 100,000 sites today, but the target network's in
kind of the 80,000 range, 80,000 to 85,000 sites. So we're going to decomm a bunch. We're going to add
some, too, right? We've still got areas where we want to add some new investment. But target range,
82,000, 83,000 sites. That's where we are today. So very confident. We're doing a lot of work to make
sure we fully understand coverage growth and capabilities that we need to deliver along with everything,
obviously, that's there for 5G.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

In terms of the traffic number, I mean, I'm really pleased. Well, we're 6 months in, and we're already at
15% on that postpaid traffic base. And so that's pretty remarkable. I didn't anticipate we'd have made
that much progress in a short number of really weeks and months. So you look at that run rate, where will
we be this time next year? I'd hope to be in the numbers that you talk about. I'm not going to commit and
say we'll get it all done inside 2021. It's going to run clearly into 2022.

But the goal and ambition of the team here is to really drive all of this goodness on 5G and LTE capacity
into the customer base of the Sprint and the T-Mobile customers in '21. And Mike talked about this huge
plan and execution phase we're in to bring mid-band 5G to 200 million people in '21, and that's a massive
goal. We're well on track, feel very confident about delivery on that as we'll get to 100 million this year
alone, and that capacity and capability is going to be foundational to that migration opportunity.

So all things are moving very well. I'm just delighted with our progress that we've made in a short number
of months and very confident in beating the targets that we put out there, whenever that was, a year or
so back. So things are going very well, and that migration volume on traffic will continue to grow at a real
pace.

Walter Paul Piecyk
LightShed Partners

Got it...

G. Michael Sievert
President, CEO, COO & Director

If you ask -- Walt, if you ask him to follow up, then we'll probably give you the quarter-by-quarter site
count. Just pin him down.

Walter Paul Piecyk
LightShed Partners

I can ask your [ porting ratio as well ]. I was going to, Mike, just follow that on to if it's only 15% of the
traffic but you still got the churn down to T-Mobile levels even though there's Sprint customers in there, I
mean, what -- why is that happening? Like, is it just -- is customer service more important than network?
Because if those Sprint customers are still 85% of their traffic or so is still on the Sprint network, like how
are we supposed to think about that if we -- if traditionally we've thought about network being such an
important element churn?

G. Michael Sievert
President, CEO, COO & Director

Yes, I mean, obviously, both elements are important. A couple of things to unpack for you. First of all,
we didn't sort of disclose for you the T-Mobile brand versus Sprint brand. We're just putting it all in there
blended. But I can tell you directionally that a big piece of the year-over-year beat isn't just the Sprint. It's
over on the T-Mobile side to some just fantastic unprecedented numbers. So you have to factor that in.

And then secondly, yes, it is the big picture. First of all, there's a lot more going on in network than just
that 15%. So that's important. The network experience is improving across the board, not just by carrying
some of the traffic. But secondly, it's a bigger equation than that. We're now starting to provide them with
fantastic offers. We're treating them great.

Do you know that on Care NPS, just the Net Promoter Score of the Care experience, it's tripled since we
-- over the past 7 months. That's fantastic, the way our Care team has started caring for Sprint customers
the T-Mobile way, and they're responding. So the network circumstances are improving. The value is
improving. The customer experience is improving. And of course, there's a lot more to it than just that
15% of carried traffic. And then over on the T-Mobile side, a big part of our year-over-year beat sits right
there. Hopefully, that helps.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Our next question comes from Brett Feldman with Goldman Sachs.

Brett Joseph Feldman
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I want to follow up on a point that Mike made earlier when you were being asked about the iPhone
[indiscernible]. You said, ultimately, you think that this looks a lot like you typically would see. And that's
actually sort of remarkable because this is not a normal year. And so to see the industry and to see
yourselves approach the market this time of year like you normally would during this season following a
new device launch in a normal way is very interesting.

So the question is have consumers responded to these promos in a normal way? You said that switching
is still a bit muted, so that implies that maybe we're not quite back to normal from a customer activity
standpoint. And then just as a follow-up on that, to the extent that they are responding and increasing
their engagement with you, are they doing it the old fashion way? Are they walking in the stores? Or
do you think that maybe you're starting to see evidence that there's a permanent shift towards digital
transactions that might yield more recurring cost benefits over time?

G. Michael Sievert
President, CEO, COO & Director

Thanks, Brett. Well, I think certainly there's more willingness from consumers. And I think that's important
because on digital, one of the things that has been so stubborn for all the carriers in the U.S. has been
that digitalization has been slow not because we haven't invested in great capabilities. I mean if you go
to our app, it's phenomenal what you can do in it. It's because customers have been slow to adopt it in
wireless specifically. My theory is it's because of the complexity of what we offer and all the phone trade-
ins and the financing, et cetera. They want to be -- somebody in that store to be accountable for sending
them out happy. And so that's happening.

In terms of the competitive environment, yes, it looks pretty much like last year to us and with the
exception of the dynamic you mentioned centered around COVID. And overall, switching is muted in Q3.
It's muted in Q4. And you saw our guide. We were a little cautious just because it's -- in terms of the
way a Q4 unfolds, it's early days. I know it's early November right now, so you'd say we're well into the
quarter, but not the way Q4 normally unfolds. It's a very holiday-centric quarter. COVID is an uncertainty
with cases on the rise and consumer sentiment unknown.

So we gave you a little bit of a cautious guide because we're watching it. But I go back to we've got a
team that's nimble and confident and has a great game plan. And so far, consumers are responding really
well to what we have to offer. So I can't give you too much more color than that because it's a quarter
that's unfolding. But to us, the overall competitive environment doesn't look materially different than last
year.

Operator

Our next question comes from David Barden with Bank of America.

David William Barden
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I guess maybe for -- this follows up on, I think, Mike, some of the things you just said around the
guidance for the fourth quarter. So the implied postpaid phone additions is going to be roughly flat for the
fourth quarter. The adjusted EBITDA [ is going to be ] down approximately $500 million for next quarter.
Obviously, there's about $150 million of the straight-line adjustment for the tower deal that you guys did.
But can you kind of give us some color about what the puts and takes are about what makes that quarter
happen? Because it sounds like it's going to be a lot better than this guide?

G. Michael Sievert
President, CEO, COO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Well, thanks, Dave. It's great to hear from you, by the way. Glad to have you on the call. Why don't we
just go straight to Peter Osvaldik for that?

Peter Osvaldik
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Perfect. Thank you, Dave. And I'll give you a little color, and then I think I'll ask Matt just to give a
little bit of sense around how the quarter typically shapes up in Q4, which as we said is relatively back-
end loaded. But you're right, on adjusted EBITDA, the implied guide is down sequentially, which as I
mentioned earlier, a couple factors in there. One, you see typical seasonality, right, with the iPhone
promotion cycle, with the holiday cycle. That typically does show a seasonal progression from Q3 to Q4.
And then as you mentioned, the other big aspect there is the noncash straight-line lease expense of $150
million. So that's going to put pressure on Q3 to Q4. And then the other factor of this, and I'll turn it over
to Matt to really talk about, is how typically Q4 shapes up, right, which is very back-end loaded from a
customer acquisition perspective. So Matt?

Matthew A. Staneff
Executive VP & Chief Marketing Officer

Yes, Peter and Dave, and this kind of goes back to even some of the iPhone questions we keep getting.
I'll just remind everybody, we're just getting started in this. We're not fully through the preorder window
for the iPhones. Q4 is traditionally and often a back-end loaded quarter. There are some shifts to digital
purchases from retail, and we do anticipate -- Q4 is always a heavy device-buying quarter for us, so some
of that's in there. The entirety of the iPhone launch is in Q4. We intend, as we have shown historically,
continue to lead the market, lead the market in net add growth in the postpaid phone business and
postpaid phone growth overall.

So our guide is consistent with that in terms of how we see it playing out. And we absolutely expect
the competitive intensity to, what I'd call, maintain through the NPI cycle, which in prior years might
have looked a little different as it build through Q4. And so while this one might have come off, on some
appearances, as stronger, our point of view is from a year-on-year when you look at the quarter as a
whole, it's exactly there. And we're very well positioned to succeed in this thing, and we think we're going
to see some great outcomes, especially when customers get these iPhones in their hands and see the
experience that you have with the amazing network we're building.

G. Michael Sievert
President, CEO, COO & Director

That's great, Matt. Thanks. I'm going to go to Twitter next because there are some great questions
developing. And by the way, I'm so happy to see all the interest in T-Mobile for Business. Bill Ho, always
great to hear from you on every report. Bill says, "@TMobileBusiness has increased share. What areas
have performed well? And how did the integrated Sprint legacy products and services and sales force
contribute? Which verticals are offering the best traction?" So that's a great question.

And let's kind of also throw it -- let's do the one -- Roger Entner. Haven't heard from you in a while, Roger.
Great to hear from you. Could you -- Roger says, "@MikeSievert, could you break down subscriber growth
between consumer and business government? Also, have you started with Project 10Million? And if yes,
how many households are using it now?"

So the short answer is yes. Not only have we started on it, but we re-crafted it. It was originally conceived
as a totally free program to invest in the homework gap. What we find this year instead is a school work
gap. So we added an actual paying service, highly subsidized, still accretive to contribute to revenues and
profits, but highly subsidized to make sure that school kids can benefit from Project 10Million even if they
have increased needs versus what we originally anticipated, up to and including unlimited plans at a very
attractive price.

And that's actually really contributing. It was a big piece of our numbers this quarter. Our team was faster
and more nimble than I think the rest of the industry at seizing away to really meet this unmet need of
public sector and school districts. So very proud of the T-Mobile for Business team. But for a little color on

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

that, plus just how is it going, I'm going to toss outside the room. Maybe hopefully, he's there. Let's go to
Mike Katz on the phone for a little bit more on those. I see Mike. I see him starting to talk. Try it again,
Mike.

Michael J. Katz
Executive VP of T-Mobile for Business

Can you hear me? Can you guys hear me?

G. Michael Sievert
President, CEO, COO & Director

Yes. Now we can hear you.

Michael J. Katz
Executive VP of T-Mobile for Business

Okay. Perfect. Technology. Awesome. Well, hey, thanks for the question, Bill and Roger. I'll start with
Project 10Million. And like Mike said, while we announced the program going live this quarter, we really
got started with it in Q2 because the demand from schools and the need to connect kids to their classroom
in a fully virtual environment really just caused us to go fast. So to date, we've worked with over 2,700
school districts across the country. Million -- many, many kids, hundreds of thousands of kids have been
connected.

And it's also created this really amazing opportunity for us in the public sector space where some of the
most important projects around connecting students for big cities, for states, they're trusting T-Mobile
with those projects, which is giving us an opportunity to demonstrate both this great network we have and
the way we take care of customers. And it's already translating into other commercial opportunities for us
across many, many, many jurisdictions in public sector.

I think, Bill, to answer your question, you remember us talking last time at this call about how we got
started fast with our day 1 for T-Mobile for Business, and we are absolutely seeing the synergy benefits
of doing that. There was this great team at Sprint, incredible team, really [ understands ] the business
space, had great set of relationships. And now we've empowered them with a network now that is second
to none, especially as we move into this 5G era. And we've really seen the benefits of bringing this team
over, enabling them and unleashing them to sell the T-mobile network, pay off for us across segments.

So whether it's small business, which is a segment that we, both companies, both legacy companies, had
a lot of strength in, we continue to see a lot of momentum in small business. But particularly in enterprise
and government where Mike mentioned during the call is our biggest opportunity given the share that we
have there. We've particularly and disproportionately seen growth across those 2 groups. And businesses
are starting to see it. They're testing us. They're recognizing that the network is better. They're seeing
us in action and seeing the service that we can deliver, and service really matters to enterprise and
government customers. And we're getting chosen more oftentimes than not when we're getting in front of
customers and get the opportunity to tell our story and demonstrate our services.

G. Michael Sievert
President, CEO, COO & Director

Mike, congratulations to the whole TFB team for an all-time record quarter for TFB. It's just amazing. And
so yes, Project 10Million was contributing. By the way, free product -- Project 10Million, also out there in
volume, helping so many school kids and school districts. That, of course, is not in our numbers. None of
that would be reported as a subscriber. But it's just nice to see the difference that our company is able to
make with the size and scale of this network. So we're so proud of it.

Jim Patterson online, no stranger to this company, by the way. Great to hear from you, Jim. Jim says,
"@TMUS, great report. How will the company ensure an equal or greater 5G in-building experience for
enterprise customers? Will T-Mobile accelerate their in-building deployments or rely on existing towers and
small cells to provide coverage?"

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

I'll turn it to Neville. I'll just start by saying first of all, remember, Jim, one of the things that makes
this company so different is that our low-band's lower, penetrates buildings better, reaches further from
towers. Our mid-band reaches miles, not meters, and can put very, very high capacity experiences into
buildings from the macro network. And that's a differentiator for us. So we have less reliance on this, but
it doesn't mean we're not a friend to it. We certainly are. So Neville, do you want to talk a little bit...

Neville R. Ray
President of Technology

Yes. Super quick. Good to see you online, Jim. For sure, right, I mean, a big, big part of this 5G
experience is in building, not just for enterprise, but for consumer. And you heard Mike outlined there
how our low-band position, that 600 megahertz spectrum, really sets us up. I mean we've got fallow
spectrum to which we are able to commit to 5G in good volumes, and that's really making a difference
for all customer experience. But absolutely, we have to do more on the enterprise space. There are tough
environments which we know you have to go after from the inside out.

So yes, we're ramping that activity. A lot of activity and collaboration ongoing with Mike Katz, who was
just on, with Mike's team. We're looking at all the solutions. There's traditional DAS. I'm super interested
in applying millimeter wave spectrum. We have a lot of that, and we're going to look to use that in-
building. And quite frankly, I mean, that's a great opportunity for millimeter wave. Poor old Verizon is out
there trying to build an on-street network with millimeter wave, and the performance is just, quite frankly,
miserable as Mike outlined in the opening comments.

We're going to make sure that outdoor experience is there from deep spectrum on macro sites and small
cells. And we'll use millimeter wave where it makes sense, and one of those environments is going to be
in-building. And that's a great way for us to attack 5G experience indoors, especially for the enterprise.

G. Michael Sievert
President, CEO, COO & Director

Sounds great. I was nice about it though. If you give Neville enough time, he'll slay the competition. So I
know we're at scheduled time, but we'll do 2 more if we hold ourselves to try and be brief because I want
to make sure that we're hitting enough of the people on the phone.

Operator

Our next question comes from Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson.

Craig Eder Moffett
MoffettNathanson LLC

I wonder, maybe we could stay with the business services conversation that you were just having.
You talked about being in the sales process and getting in front of customers. How much of the sales
process decision-making among, particularly, enterprise and government customers is already based on
expectations around 5G? And what are the applications? And is it latency or IoT? What are the applications
in 5G that you see starting to drive decision-making in the enterprise market?

G. Michael Sievert
President, CEO, COO & Director

Yes, Craig. I'll be brief on this one instead of tossing it out. The answer is yes. But it's not necessarily
yet at scale, driving our business centered around new applications. That's coming. What's driving our
business right now is reliable, high-capacity network leadership on smartphones, and there are plenty of
other things that we're working with customers on. But if you're asking what's contributing to our results
and getting us in the door, it's that unlike consumers -- and this is really interesting because it goes to
the premise that we -- I think the very first question was consumer perception of our network. Unlike
consumers, businesses test this stuff. They'll check out 100 phones and run them through the ringer for 6
weeks and then decide.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

And you know what? When they do that, we're winning, especially to the premise of your question when
the question is who's got the best 5G coverage and capacity and experience, because it's just -- it's not
even close right now. And they know it's we're pulling further away from the pack. Businesses want their
employees connected right now more than they ever have. They need that connection to be reliable, and
they need it right now especially to be high capacity. And that's what we're able to offer.

So as we just said, Mike and team just posted the biggest quarter in our history for TFB. We're so proud
of them. But this is really more than anything a story about network leadership. We've kind of caught up
on LTE. But the real story is how far ahead we are for -- on 5G and how well positioned we are, to the
premise of your question, Craig, to stay ahead for the duration of the 5G era.

Craig Eder Moffett
MoffettNathanson LLC

And so are customers looking out and saying, "I'm really preplanning for 2023, '24 when my enterprise is
going to need these services and I want to be on the T-Mobile network now in preparation"?

G. Michael Sievert
President, CEO, COO & Director

I don't think that's what's driving our business. Yes, of course, they're doing that and with time frame,
sooner than that. But right now, what's driving our business is the dynamic I talked about. And so a lot
of that, that can be additive when it comes to the low latency, high capacity experiences, network as
a service for enterprises, automation services, all the thing -- augmented reality, virtual reality, all the
things that we can deliver with a high-capacity, low-latency network.

Most of those things are still in our future as it relates to how they can contribute to growth. What's
contributing right now is that they understand our story, that we're out in front and we're going to stay out
in front. And I think that's a lot of comfort to somebody picking a partner in the 5G space.

Operator

And that question comes from Simon Flannery with Morgan Stanley.

Simon William Flannery
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great. Mike, great results, but the whole industry had some pretty robust subscriber numbers both on the
postpaid side and on the prepaid side, which was impressive given that there wasn't really a new iPhone
cycle in Q3. So any sense on the sustainability of this and what you see? Is it more second devices? Is it
more younger people, et cetera, maybe using some of the money they're not spending on, on other things
in this environment? So any color there would be great. And any update on the Shenandoah negotiations,
next steps and timing on that?

G. Michael Sievert
President, CEO, COO & Director

Sounds great. Well, on the first one, you have to look underneath everybody's report. When you look
underneath ours, you saw postpaid phones, again, leading the industry; very strong performance on
the centerpiece that we've always focused on. The prepaid leader, T-Mobile, continuing to grow from
a leadership position, which is not something you've been able to see postpaid leaders do reliably in
the past, so that's great. And then you saw our great outsized performance on postpaid other driven
by a number of different dynamics, including those dynamics you talked about: people adding to their
relationships with us, but also new opportunities in TFB we spent some time on the call talking about. So
that's what happens when you double-click into ours.

When you double-click into our competitors, there are some gymnastics. A lot of the big numbers have
to do with like reversing accruals from previous quarters that were too conservative or strange things
in the prepaid space having to do with connected cars and accrual reversals that when you really look

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

underneath it, I don't think Cricket's growing at all. In fact, I think they reduced. So you really have to
look through the reports right now because COVID made things so difficult.

What you get from us is transparency, lots and lots of it. You got to work a little harder to get underneath
the reports of our competitors. But I think you're seeing because of this public sector dynamic, you're also
seeing some terrific category growth.

And then you asked about Shentel. So do we want to say anything, give an update on how that's --
[ Kyla ], I don't think we can, right?

Unknown Executive

[indiscernible]

G. Michael Sievert
President, CEO, COO & Director

Yes. I hate to end on no -- we have no response, but we're following a process. The original agreements
that we had with a couple of these partners called for us to have the rights to buy, and there's a
prescribed process on valuation. And we're following that process, and we just don't have anything to
report. So I'm ending the call on a no comment. That's great.

Listen, you guys, thank you for your attention. We're so proud of the results that the company was able
to post. Really look forward to talking to you again when we report the full year and double-clicking with a
longer conversation with our 2021 Analyst Day. So stay tuned for all that. Thanks, everybody.

Peter Osvaldik
Executive VP & CFO

Absolutely. Thank you, everyone, for tuning in. Operator, go ahead and close the call.

Operator
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the T-Mobile US Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. If you
have any further questions, you may contact the Investor Relations or media departments. Thank you for
your participation. You may now disconnect, and have a pleasant day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

T-MOBILE US, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

