Tapestry, Inc. NYSE:TPR
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, February 06, 2020 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

EPS 
Normalized 

0.99

1.10

11.11

0.44

2.48

-

2.73

Revenue  (mm)

1809.44

1816.00

0.36

1355.07

6069.78

5900.00

6315.10

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-06-2020 1:05 PM GMT

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.41

0.61

0.37

0.99

0.42

0.61

0.40

1.10

2.44 %

0.00 %

8.11 %

11.11 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
TAPESTRY, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andrea Shaw Resnick
Global Head of Investor Relations
& Corporate Communications

Jide J. Zeitlin
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Joanne C. Crevoiserat
CFO, CEO & Brand President of
Kate Spade

Joshua G. Schulman
CEO & Brand President of Coach

ANALYSTS

Alexandra E. Walvis
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Irwin Bernard Boruchow
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Lorraine Corrine Maikis
Hutchinson
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Mark R. Altschwager
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Michael Charles Binetti
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Oliver Chen
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to this Tapestry conference call. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator
Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the
Global Head of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Tapestry, Andrea Shaw Resnick.

Andrea Shaw Resnick
Global Head of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Jide
Zeitlin, Tapestry's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry's Chief Financial
Officer. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, including projections for our
business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees,
and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking
statements. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K, the press release we issued this morning and
our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and important
factors that could impact our future results and performance.

Non-GAAP financial measures are included in our comments today and in our presentation slides. You may
find the corresponding GAAP financial information as well as the related reconciliations on our website
www.tapestry.com/investors, and then viewing earnings release and the presentation slides posted today.

Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Jide will provide an overall summary
of our fiscal second quarter 2020 results for Tapestry as well as our 3 brands. Joanne will continue with
details on the financial and operational results of the quarter as well as our outlook for FY '20. Following
that, we will hold a question-and-answer session, where we will be joined by Todd Kahn, Tapestry's
President and Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Legal Officer; and Josh Schulman, CEO and Brand
President of Coach. Following Q&A, we will conclude with some brief summary remarks.

I'd now like to turn it over to Jide Zeitlin, Tapestry's Chairman and CEO.

Jide J. Zeitlin
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Good morning. Thank you, Andrea, and thank you to all of you for joining our earnings call. This morning,
we reported our fiscal second quarter results, which exceeded our plan. Our outperformance was driven by
continued momentum at Coach and a significant sequential improvement at Kate Spade. In addition, we
exited the quarter in a good inventory position.

We also entered our third fiscal quarter with strong underlying trends, notably at Coach, as sales growth
accelerated from the holiday period. Therefore, we had originally anticipated maintaining our fiscal year
'20 guidance despite continuing headwinds in Hong Kong and challenges at Stuart Weitzman. However, the
escalating coronavirus outbreak in China is now impacting our business, resulting in both significant traffic
declines and the closure of the majority of our stores on the mainland. As a result, we now expect that
the second half of our fiscal year could be impacted by approximately $200 million to $250 million in sales
and $0.35 to $0.45 in earnings per diluted share given the current trends in China. If the situation further
deteriorates or the outbreak further affects demand outside of the country, this impact could be worse.

Our primary concern is the health and well-being of our team, their families and their local communities
who are dealing with the daily realities of this situation. We believe in the resilience of the Chinese people,
and our view, that China represents a significant opportunity for our brands is unchanged.

We are confident in our ability to effectively operate through this period of uncertainty. It is worth noting
that during our 20 years as a public company, we've successfully faced myriad macro and geopolitical
dislocations from the Great Recession in 2009, to 9/11, to SARS and to the Fukushima earthquake and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

tsunami in 2011. We have consistently emerged from such turbulent periods, a stronger company. Our
strong balance sheet, cash position and diversified sourcing base and supply chain afford us the flexibility
to operate our company for the long-term and to emerge stronger as we have many times in the past.

Let me turn to the second quarter results by brand. We achieved another quarter of solid and consistent
performance at Coach. This was our ninth consecutive quarter of positive comps, one that was driven
by increases in handbags, average unit retail, or AURs, in both outlet and retail. This speaks to how
innovation and brand strength drives value as our products resonated with consumers around the world.
Coach's global digital channels led growth this quarter while regionally, North America outpaced our
international businesses in the aggregate.

Turning to Kate Spade. Revenue was better than expected. We realized a mid-single-digit decline in
comparable store sales versus expectations for a high single-digit -- for high single-digit decreases as we
actively work to address merchandising and product challenges. In addition, we moved through excess
inventory using higher levels of promotions during this typically markdown-heavy holiday period.

At Stuart Weitzman, sales declined despite strong growth in Mainland China. Demand was soft in North
America and across other regions. That said, the gross margin expanded significantly and resulted in
operating income in line with the prior year.

During the quarter, we completed the comprehensive review of our brands and business that I described
on our last earnings call. This diagnostic work has provided important insights into where we need to
focus to build sustainable brand health and growth. There is no silver bullet. Rather, there are a handful
of important changes that when aggregated, will prove transformational. We will change key aspects of
how we work. There are 3 major areas we've identified that will have the biggest impact on our business:
consumer centricity, data-driven decision making and how we work. To drive the successful development
and implementation of changed business practices, we're forming a project management office, which will
ensure that our objectives are clear, that internal teams have the resources to succeed and that multiple
activities are coordinated. While we're not ready to share the specific plans at this time, we do have
increasing clarity as to the opportunities we intend to go after, and we look forward to sharing our plans in
detail at an Analyst and Investor Day this summer.

Before I mention additional details about our holiday performance, I want to touch on our leadership
announcement this morning, which detailed a number of changes to the company's senior management
team.

First, I'm pleased to announce Liz Fraser as CEO and Brand President of Kate Spade. Liz brings over 30
years of industry experience and leadership to Tapestry, having served as President of La Fayette 148,
CEO of Anne Klein, and before that, President of Marc by Marc Jacobs, where she built that business into
a multichannel, multicategory global lifestyle brand. As CEO and Brand President, Liz will lead all aspects
of the brand globally, working closely with Creative Director, Nicola Glass and the brand's leadership team.
I'm confident that Liz's leadership style, combined with her strong track record of getting things done will
translate into great outcomes for our Kate Spade team and business.

Eraldo Poletto, CEO and Brand President of Stuart Weitzman, recently informed us of his decision to leave
the company. I'm grateful to Eraldo for the enthusiasm and dedication he brought to Stuart Weitzman,
and I wish him every success in the future. Eraldo will depart on March 1, and I'm pleased to promote
an internal successor. Giorgio Sarne, currently President, Tapestry Asia; and President and CEO, Coach
Japan and Asia, has been promoted to CEO and Brand President of Stuart Weitzman. Partnering closely
with Head of Product Design, Edmundo Castillo, Giorgio will be responsible for all aspects of Stuart
Weitzman globally. Giorgio joined Coach in 2013 in New York, and since 2016, has done an excellent job
in leading Coach in Japan and overseeing operations in Korea and other markets in Southeast Asia. He is a
passionate and strategic leader who I have great confidence will lead Stuart Weitzman into a new future.

Emmanuel Ruelland, currently Vice President, General Manager, Tapestry Southeast Asia & Oceania, will
succeed Giorgio as President of Coach Asia, which includes Japan, Korea, Southeast Asia, Australia and
New Zealand.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

I'm also pleased to announce that Yann Bozec, currently President of Tapestry China and President and
CEO, Coach China, will take on a Tapestry leadership role across Asia Pacific, in addition to his existing
responsibilities. Yann joined Coach Japan in 2008, and has been instrumental in the brand's development
and growth in the Asia region, notably its success in China. Most recently, he guided the integration of
both Kate Spade's and Stuart Weitzman's China operations onto the Tapestry platform.

This organization has the opportunity to capitalize on the significant opportunities that exists for each of
our brands, and I'm delighted to have Liz, Giorgio and Yann join our Tapestry Executive Committee.

Now let us discuss results by brand in greater detail, starting with Coach. Global comparable store sales
rose 2% in the second quarter led by outperformance in North America and more generally across our e-
commerce platforms. In aggregate, our international businesses were even with prior year, with strong
comp growth in other Asia, Europe and Mainland China, offsetting continued weakness in Hong Kong. As
anticipated, the Japan comp declined slightly, reflecting the consumer tax increase, which went into effect
on October 1. Excluding Hong Kong, global comps were up roughly 3%. The driver of our global bricks-
and-mortar comparable store sales with ticket or ADT, reflecting our AUR increases achieved through new
product development, successful launches at higher price points and outlet and lower levels of promotional
activity.

In addition, while our North American wholesale shipments were slightly below prior year, our business
at POS remains strong despite fewer promotional event days. We are particularly proud of the brand's
performance in North America in light of the weaker mall traffic trends. Importantly, Coach's momentum
in North America was evidenced by our U.S. brand tracking survey fielded in December, which showed
strength and positive brand affinities among the broad premium market. We are pleased to see the
perception of Coach as a brand on the way up increase significantly and match fiscal year '13's all-time
high, making it a standout within our panel.

Now looking at our second quarter progress against Coach's brand strategies for fiscal year '20. First, we
accelerated product innovation and disruption across our Good, Better, Best price architecture in retail
with the introductions of additional colors and seasonal materials of Tabby and the launch of our Horse
& Carriage logo platform alongside newness in Signature. In outlet, we successfully drove AUR with the
relaunch of our top 5 bag styles. Each style received fresh design details and increased functionality such
that we were able to command a 10% to 15% premium versus their previous counterparts. With these
new core styles in place, we layered on new fashion introductions to drive silhouette newness and to
respond to market trends. The success of this initiative gives us the confidence to further lean into the
opportunity to reduce promotional activity, drive higher prices and protect gross margins in the outlet
channel.

In addition, during the quarter, we continued to drive disproportionate growth beyond bags in our less-
developed women's and men's footwear and ready-to-wear categories.

Second, we drove fashion authority through cultural relevance and created brand moments around key
global events. Specific examples tailored to local markets this quarter included our participation in the
Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. In fact, the Coach flow was the first for a luxury fashion company and
featured singer and actor, Billy Porter.

In China, we celebrated Double 11, previously known as Singles Day, with compelling digital content
featuring local talent. Overall, we generated a very positive response for our global digital content,
including our holiday campaign, featuring Kate Moss, Yara Shahidi and a diverse mix of personalities that
garnered nearly 1 billion impressions.

As you likely noticed, in mid-November, we announced Jennifer Lopez as the global face of Coach. While
her official partnership with the brand begins now in the spring 2020 season, she began posting during the
second quarter, driving significant buzz around the brand.

Third, we injected excitement into stores, bringing both creativity and convenience into the shopping
experience. We continue to drive traffic through our store takeover and pop-up strategy involving nearly
80 installations during the quarter, including many dedicated to the launch of the Coach X Michael B.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Jordan capsule collection in October and the Horse & Carriage collection in December. In outlet, we kicked
off preholiday excitement in November with disruptive activations around our Star Wars collaboration.

On the digital innovation and e-commerce front, we piloted the Love, Scan, Save in-store digital tool
in over 50 North America outlet stores during the quarter. This tool allowed the customer to use their
smartphone to scan product to instantly see the out-the-door price, add favorite items to their bag and
skip the line for a faster checkout. We're encouraged by early results and customer feedback. And in
China, we built on the momentum from our soft launch on Tmall earlier this year with our official brand
opening in December where we ranked highest amongst global brands in the handbag category, while
continuing to see growth across other e-commerce platforms, including our own coach.com and on
WeChat. We estimate that nearly 90% of Tmall customers were new to Coach.

We're looking forward to spring with our first campaign featuring Jennifer Lopez while we continue to
partner with Michael B. Jordan as the face of Coach Men's. In retail, we will launch 2 new handbag
families, and we will showcase Coach's heritage with the global rollout of Coach originals grounded in
leather craft, reintroducing archival shapes with a nod to the past through a modern aesthetic. Outside
of handbags, we are very excited about the launch of the dual-gender CitySole sneaker collection that
merges Coach's fashion authority with technology to increase comfort and flexibility and to minimize
impact and meet. For the first time in over 3 years, we're dedicating significant marketing investment to
the footwear category with out-of-home, digital content and pop-ups.

In summary, we remain optimistic about our ability to accelerate Coach's growth over the long term.

Moving to Kate Spade. Total sales were even with last year on both a reported and in constant currency,
with a mid-single-digit comp decline, offset by new store distribution. Comparable store sales were ahead
of our expectations and improved sequentially, declining 4% in aggregate as we move through excess
inventory and began to take key product and merchandising actions to optimize our assortment and to
enhance the brand's novelty offering. In our bricks-and-mortar business, conversion was positive for
the quarter, helped in part by higher levels of promotion, while traffic comp remained under significant
pressure.

Our international markets continue to outpace our domestic business with positive comps in Mainland
China, Europe and other Asia, while our global dotcom channels were also positive.

Turning to product and brand strategy at Kate Spade. As mentioned on our last call, our strategy for
holiday was to broaden the product assortment in retail to satisfy more usage occasions and to add back
fun, color and novelty. As a result, we saw a strong performance in our expanded satchel offering as well
as in holiday giftables and jewelry. Collaborations, particularly Minnie Mouse in outlet and Tom and Jerry in
both channels, resonated strongly with customers. Our cats group and novelty tiny elephant bag added a
touch of whimsy over the holiday.

In Marketing, our objective was to establish the brand as a global gifting destination through compelling
and impactful content and collaborations with a focus on digital. Post Black Friday, we increased our
spend on digital to drive traffic to our dotcom site and generated significant growth in new and existing
customers in December. Our holiday gift guide was also a notable win in North America, with significant
gains in spend year-over-year.

In outlet, as we've discussed, we've been increasing the overall level of innovation, and we'll have a focus
on prints, novelty and fashion in the second half.

Looking ahead to spring, in retail, we will continue to add newness in satchels while expanding our
crossbody offering in keeping with a hands-free trend in the market. In both channels, we're excited about
the footwear opportunity as it comes in-house with the first designs having arrived with the February floor
set. We've developed exciting initiatives for both Valentine's Day and Mother's Day, adding new brand
spokespeople in the marketing mix, such as the artist and poem -- poet, Cleo Wade and the Japanese
comedienne and icon, Naomi Watanabe. In aggregate, we expect these actions to support an improvement
in comps in the second half of the year versus the first half as the brand should be less impacted by the
coronavirus outbreak given Kate Spade's relatively modest exposure to the Chinese consumer globally.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

As mentioned, we've recently completed an intensive review of our business. Our intent to Kate Spade
is to reengage our core consumer and attract new customers by building the next-generation platform
for women's self-expression, empowering individuality. We recognize the multidimensional nature of our
customer, we will return to being the brand that enables her to live life to the fullest, from celebrating her
own individual style to creating a positive and enriching community. To implement this strategy, we need
to balance sophistication, emotion, wit, novelty and color, all across all aspects of Kate. Our customers still
had a wealth of goodwill towards the brand, but we must ensure that we have product that is compelling
and relevant to her lifestyle, supported by marketing that more effectively connects her emotionally with
the brand. With Liz Fraser at the helm, leading the strong team in place, we will crystallize our brand
pillars to find clear brand territories and create an action plan to drive growth.

Turning to Stuart Weitzman. Top line sales remained weak. We continue to experience soft wholesale
demand, while our direct business also underperformed our expectations as we were unable to fully offset
traffic challenges through increased conversion. China did continue to outperform with positive comps. We
also generated a significant improvement in gross margin, which enabled operating income to match prior
year levels.

In product, we lacked distinctive newness in our heritage boot offering to drive an improvement in sales.
However, we were encouraged by the consumer response to our key introductions, such as the MCKENZEE
boot and the ANICIA pump outside of footwear. We drove handbag sales with the new 5050 bucket bag
and nod to the iconic boot of the same name.

In marketing, we continue to build our awareness globally with our first-ever Stuart Weitzman holiday
campaign, which featured Misty Copeland. Total impressions reached nearly 1.5 billion globally. As we
entered the third quarter, we gained unprecedented exposure from our Times Square billboard on New
Year's Eve, with 1.5 million people in Times Square and over 1 billion global live broadcast viewers.

Looking forward, we have built on these learnings and are reinvigorating our footwear icons through
extensions in colors, materials and hardware, while injecting innovation in the overall assortment in
keeping with market trends. For spring, we've concentrated on sandal innovation beyond the NUDIST
family with an expanded assortment of flats, wedges and mules.

Stuart Weitzman has always represented a fusion of fashion and fit, a key differentiator for the brand, one
that is highly valued by our customers. Our diagnostic review has reaffirmed that Stuart Weitzman has a
strong and distinct brand proposition at the gateway to luxury, with considerable white space above it. It
has a distinctive heritage and DNA, melding European luxury aesthetics and craftsmanship with American
practicality and comfort.

We are now addressing our challenges through investment and talent, operational process improvements
and a focus on the fashion sensibility of the core design aesthetic. I'm confident that under Giorgio's
leadership, we can leverage the brand's core equities to drive revenue growth and improve profitability
long term.

To recap, we delivered aggregate second quarter results that were ahead of our plan and enter Q3 in a
position of strength. We are very confident in our ability to successfully navigate what we expect to be
a time-limited dislocation resulting from the coronavirus outbreak, underscored by our successful track
record in managing through similar challenging periods in years past.

Importantly, our teams are focused on creating action plans and strategies based on the insights from our
diagnostic review. We have both a sense of urgency and a willingness to objectively face our challenges
as we bring data, evidence and logic to our work. We are stewards of 3 powerful brands and have the
means to affect significant and positive change across our operating model to define the next chapter of
sustainable growth at our company.

With that, let's turn to Joanne for the financial review of the quarter and our outlook. Joanne?

Joanne C. Crevoiserat
CFO, CEO & Brand President of Kate Spade

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Thanks, Jide, and good morning, everyone. As Jide has just taken you through the highlights and
strategies, I will cover some of the important financial details of the quarter. Before I begin, please keep
in mind that my comments are based on non-GAAP results. Corresponding GAAP results and the related
reconciliation can be found in the earnings release posted on our website today.

Turning to our second quarter financial results. Total sales increased 1% on both a reported and constant
currency basis led by continued momentum at Coach with global comp growth of 2%. At Kate Spade,
comps declined 4%, representing a sequential improvement on a 1- and 2-year basis, while total sales
were in line with last year driven by distribution. Stuart Weitzman sales were pressured, down 7% versus
prior year, reflecting generally softer-than-anticipated demand across channels.

Gross margin decreased 30 basis points compared to prior year with divergent trends by brand. At Kate
Spade, as projected, gross margin declined 320 basis points versus prior year due primarily to higher level
of promotional activity as we made progress moving through excess inventory.

Conversely, gross margin at Coach expanded 20 basis points over prior year. This expansion was driven by
higher handbag AURs at outlet, a lower level of promotions and product cost benefits, partially offset by
FX pressure and geographic mix headwinds resulting in part from the lower penetration of our business in
Hong Kong.

Stuart Weitzman gross margins rose 370 basis points over prior year, driven by channel mix due to the
relative outperformance of the direct business led by Mainland China and benefits from FX.

SG&A for the quarter rose approximately 4%, inclusive of the anticipated shift in timing of expenses from
the first quarter into the second quarter as well as a higher level of marketing spend year-over-year at
Kate Spade. Therefore, for the first half of the fiscal year, SG&A rose 2% over prior year, driven by new
store distribution and regional buybacks as well as a higher level of depreciation associated with our ERP
implementation. Taken together for the second quarter, Tapestry's operating income declined 6%, while
earnings per diluted share of $1.10 was 3% above last year, benefiting from a lower tax rate and lower
share count year-over-year.

During the quarter, as highlighted in our press release, we added a net of 31 locations across Tapestry,
driven primarily by net openings at Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman. We ended the quarter with 1,575
directly operated stores globally.

Turning to our balance sheet and cash flows. At the end of the quarter, cash and short-term investments
were approximately $1.2 billion, while borrowings outstanding were $1.6 billion, consisting primarily of
senior notes.

Inventory ended the quarter at $748 million, up only 2% versus last year, in part due to receipt timing
shifts to Q3. Importantly, we exited the holiday quarter with inventories in a good position.

For the second quarter, net cash from operating activities was an inflow of $556 million versus $618
million a year ago. CapEx spending was $50 million versus $61 million last year. Free cash flow for the
quarter was an inflow of $506 million versus $557 million last year.

Now turning to capital allocation. As previously announced, this year, we are dedicating our resources to
driving organic growth rather than pursuing strategic acquisitions, while returning capital to shareholders.
We remain on track to return approximately $700 million to shareholders this fiscal year through our share
repurchase program and current annual dividend payout, representing the vast majority of our free cash
flow.

Moving to our 2020 outlook. Consistent with our prior practice, the following guidance is presented
on a non-GAAP basis and replaces all previous guidance. As Jide mentioned and as noted in our press
release, we've updated our outlook to incorporate an estimated impact of the coronavirus outbreak in
China of approximately $200 million to $250 million in sales and $0.35 to $0.45 in diluted earnings per
share. Given the dynamic nature of the situation, the potential financial impact to our business could be
materially different. Therefore, we now expect revenues for fiscal 2020 to approximate $5.9 billion. In
addition, we're now projecting earnings per diluted share to be in the area of $2.15 to $2.25.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

In closing, and to reiterate, we had a strong second quarter and outperformed our plan. We entered our
fiscal third quarter with strong underlying business trends, notably at Coach, with comps accelerating
from second quarter levels. If we're not facing the impact of the coronavirus outbreak to our business, I'm
confident that we would be reiterating our fiscal year '20 guidance.

Our teams are focused on identifying actions to mitigate this impact on top and bottom line results,
and we have successfully navigated similar disruptions to our business many times in the past. Most
importantly, our view of the long-term opportunities for our brands in China and globally is unchanged and
our strategic intent to drive organic growth and profitability is unwavering.
I'd now like to open it up to Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Bob Drbul of Guggenheim Securities.

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

I was wondering, Jide, can you provide more details on the learnings from the in-depth review of the
business and sort of where you see opportunities and risks? And then just a couple of parts to this,
actually. What kind of investment do you currently think is necessary to drive the business forward after
the review? And I guess the third part of the one-part question is that, would you expect FY '21 to be an
investment year? Do you have the strength to grow? Those are my questions.

Jide J. Zeitlin
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Thank you for that succinct question. So let me maybe take the latter part of your question first. To be
clear, as we look at transforming Tapestry, it's not about shrinking our total revenue or earnings to drive
future growth. We're focused on sustained growth and returns from here. We'll grow from fiscal year '20
results, excluding any impact -- the impact of the coronavirus situation.

And so to just be doubly clear, we're not going to be satisfied with another flat year. We're committed
to drawing a line under the current results. So to turn really to the meat of your question. Coming out
of the diagnostic work we've done in recent months here, we're focused on 5 core opportunities. One
is becoming truly consumer-centric. The second is to create a culture here at Tapestry and across our
3 brands that enables faster decisions that are more responsive to consumer desires. The third is to
use data to inform forward decisions. The fourth is better aligning our operating model with our product
positioning. And then the fifth is to more clearly define the purpose of each of our brands.

I know as much as I'd love to expand on each one of those, now is not the time to do so. I'll leave that to
the Investor and Analyst Day that I mentioned earlier. However, why don't I just maybe take a moment
here and give you a couple of examples of what it is we have in mind. And perhaps the first one would be
around consumer centricity, and I know that a lot of companies are focused on becoming more consumer-
centric, but let me just talk about what that means here for us at Tapestry. And for us, it means improving
our skills at asking questions of and listening to consumers and adopting a very rapid test-and-learn set
of processes that feed real-time insights back into our business to inform decision-making and to inform
results. Our objective is to leverage data and insights, anticipate where consumers are traveling and to
be there when they arrive. And this really -- and one of the things that really came out of our diagnostic
work is that this compares to today where, in many instances, we've erected barriers to even meeting
consumers where they currently are, much less where they're traveling to.

Perhaps just to make it -- I'll give you an example of when I say that we've erected barriers. We've
historically discouraged marketing to consumers in certain of our distribution channels, which has
ultimately limited our ability to acquire new consumers. So as we look at integrating consumer centricity
into how we work, it will have an impact in very tangible ways, whether in the product development
process, whether in our marketing, as I alluded to just a moment ago, certainly, in our pricing and
promotion decisions. And so across a number of very tangible aspects of our business.

The other example I might use in terms of areas of opportunity coming out of our diagnostic work is
using data to inform forward decisions. And so today, we're a very data-heavy company, but we largely
use data to assess past events rather than to drive predictive, fact-based, forward-looking decision-
making. I would characterize it as we are reactive rather than being proactive, and I think we have a
tremendous opportunity to leverage technology and data to drive faster, more insightful decisions across
the enterprise. And that will impact everything from supply chain to demand planning to product allocation
to buying decisions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

So without kind of going on at more length, very much look forward to this summer when we'll have an
opportunity to much more -- have a much more in-depth discussion of the opportunities we see across the
5 areas that I highlighted a moment ago, which we think will truly transform our operating model, allowing
our operations and our organization to better anticipate and to become more responsive to changing
consumer desires. And doing so in ways that will have material, I believe, revenue, margin and balance
sheet implications for our business.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Irwin Boruchow of Wells Fargo.

Irwin Bernard Boruchow
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Congrats on a good holiday. I just wanted to focus on China. I don't know if this is for Jide or Joanne. So
understanding the guidance revision for 2H and I'm assuming the majority of these revenues are located
in the Coach brand. Can you help us -- I understand visibility is very low. But in modeling the Coach
comps in the back half, should we be thinking about high single-digit declines in 2H and possibly even
down maybe double digits in the third quarter? And then just any color on how this kind of revenue decline
in that region should impact the Coach gross margin would be helpful.

Joanne C. Crevoiserat
CFO, CEO & Brand President of Kate Spade

Ike, I'll jump into that and explain, take you through how we arrived at our assumption. And as you
mentioned, we're monitoring the developments very closely. The situation is still unfolding, and as you
know, it's very dynamic. We are providing transparency based on what we're seeing today.

So let me take you through the assumptions and how we arrived at these numbers, and then I'll address
the specific questions around the brands. The assumptions are based on what -- today, we see a low to
mid-teens percent of our business in Mainland China across all brands, with the predominance in Coach
brand where the outlook is an expectation of a 70% to 80% decrease in those sales through the rest of
the year. And we arrived at the EPS estimate, with an expectation of over a 50% flow-through, given the
high-margin profile of that region, China specifically, and certain fixed costs that we know will continue.

In terms of breaking it out by brand, we have not provided visibility by brand at this time. As we said, the
situation is dynamic and it's still playing out. But based on our store counts, and our penetration in -- on
Mainland China, it is predominantly impacting the Coach brand, has an -- also has an impact on Stuart
Weitzman, but to a lesser -- much lesser extent, Kate Spade.

I would also add that we have, as it relates to China, much lower exposure in our supply chain. So I
wanted to touch on that as well. We've already migrated the vast majority of our production outside of the
country. Less than 10% of our finished goods production is in Mainland China across all brands. But more
broadly, we're looking at different scenarios, as you can imagine, as well as mitigating actions to drive top
line and control or reduce expenses in light of this news.

Jide J. Zeitlin
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Josh, anything you would add?

Joshua G. Schulman
CEO & Brand President of Coach

Yes. What I would add, Irwin, is to your specific question around the comp guidance. Right now, it's hard
to estimate the impact of China on comp, given that our store closures are typically removed from the
comp calculation, which I believe is common practice. And so that's hard to estimate. What I'd like to
emphasize, though, is the health of our business in Mainland China prior to this very unfortunate set of
circumstances. We have been seeing a strong comp store sales in China in Q2. And importantly, in the first
few weeks of Q3, leading up to the Chinese New Year period. And we're seeing that both in our -- we were

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

seeing that both in our directly operated store channels, which make up the vast majority of our business,
but also in our emerging digital channels.

As you know, we launched with Tmall, had a series of soft openings and then grand opening in December.
And immediately, we saw that the brand -- it became the top handbag brand on Tmall in December and
the period leading up to Chinese New Year. So we believe in the resilience of the Chinese consumer. And
what we've seen in previous crisis is that whether it's SARS or different types of geopolitical situations that
these have deep impacts for a time-limited period. And then we bounce back to normal.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Erinn Murphy of Piper Sandler.

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

My question is around the Coach brand. Last quarter, AUR grew in outlet for the first time in several
years. And based on your comments today, it definitely sounds like there's some inflection here that could
continue. I guess can you share with us how far below peak AUR is it in outlet? And then based on some
of your diagnostic work, are there further opportunities in pricing? And then I apologize, but a clarification
on the guidance, Joanne, are you including any impact from lackluster Chinese tourism here into the U.S.?

Joshua G. Schulman
CEO & Brand President of Coach

I'm sorry, I didn't hear a part of your question. You said...

Jide J. Zeitlin
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Yes. When you said how far below, and then we didn't hear what...

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Apologies. So I guess on the Coach brand, how far below is AUR today in outlet versus when it peaked?
And then based on your diagnostic work, just curious on if there is any further opportunity in pricing?

Joshua G. Schulman
CEO & Brand President of Coach

Okay. So why don't I give -- I want to give some context around the AUR growth. I really appreciate the
question because, as you know, we've been talking about this for several quarters, both externally, and
it's been a huge focus for us internally. And so this was an important milestone quarter for us. We were
up in AUR in both channels, significantly in outlet. In outlet, our AUR went up 4% globally; 5% in North
America, driven by a 7% increase in the AUR of handbags in North America. And so I'd like to just take a
few minutes to explain how we went about that.

We achieved that through a really holistic approach of listening to the customers. In fact, Jide referenced
the top 5 bags in North America outlet, which frankly had been the top 5 for a long period of time. And
we did very deep consumer insights involving kind of a Manhattan project within the company of bringing
together Stuart, the Chief Merchant, the Head of North America outlet and do a roadshow and really
listening to what customers love about those bags. And what features and functionality that they would be
willing to pay more for. And so there was a lot of focus on those top 5 bags, and I'm very proud of what
the team did there.

So going into the holiday quarter, this assortment allowed us to be much shallower and more surgical on
the types of promotions. So we coupled the product development work with learnings from our data labs
about where we need to be more promotional and where we need to be less promotional. So clearly, there
has been a significant erosion in AURs in North America outlet over a sustained period of time, nearly
50% from the peak, but we see the actions of the last few quarters and specifically the holiday quarter as

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

being a milestone that turns us in the other direction. And even more importantly, gives us a very tangible
material example of where we can start looking at increasing prices in the outlet channel.

Joanne C. Crevoiserat
CFO, CEO & Brand President of Kate Spade

So Erinn, I'll take the second part of your question regarding our guidance. Our guidance reflects what
we're seeing today, which is an impact to our business in Mainland China. If the -- as we've mentioned,
the situation is dynamic and unfolding. If it impacts more broadly across the globe, then our results may
be different and may be worse. However, specifically on North America, we do not anticipate or we have
not in our guidance anticipated the coronavirus impact on the Chinese tourists in North America. Having
said that, over the past few quarters and years, we've been seeing a downtrend in the Chinese tourists,
which has been offset by the domestic business and particularly in our outlet stores.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Alex Walvis of Goldman Sachs.

Alexandra E. Walvis
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

So I wanted to ask a few questions about Coach as well. And maybe first off, yes, Josh, I wanted to clarify
a comment that you made in response to the prior question. I think you said that AUR at the Coach brand
in North America outlets was 50% lower than it had been historically. Did I hear that accurately? And then
perhaps any thoughts on how far we could go back to the prior highs? And how much progress, I suppose
you can make from here already strong progress? But the environment in that channel is a little different
than it was a few years ago. And then one further question on Coach. Any comment on how the Logo
product is performing? And what percentage of the assortment that accounts for today?

Joshua G. Schulman
CEO & Brand President of Coach

Yes, let me clarify the comment because I -- let me clarify the comment on the handbag AUR in our
North America outlet channel. I was speaking specifically around handbag AUR versus the peak. It
is approaching 50% off of peak. So there has been erosion over a long period of time as the channel
dynamics have changed.

Jide J. Zeitlin
CEO & Chairman of the Board

But to your underlying point, Alex, we do believe that that represents a substantial opportunity to regain
back much of what it is that we have over an extended period of time given back. And so maybe you want
to talk about Signature or Logo?

Joshua G. Schulman
CEO & Brand President of Coach

Yes, absolutely. So to your question about Signature, Signature remains a very important part of our
assortment in our retail assortment. It is approximately 25% of our retail business. We are finding that it
continues to generate a higher AUR, actually, and than leather, showing the demand for the brand.

The other thing that you'll notice in this past quarter, we launched a new Horse & Carriage Logo platform,
and this was something, again, from our archive. And I think it gives us a second branded platform to
have because we are very careful that we don't want us to go back to an overexposed place. And we want
to keep the branded platforms relevant and current and achieving these higher AURs.

Jide J. Zeitlin
CEO & Chairman of the Board

And Josh, it's maybe worth just -- I'm saying something that may have been implicit, Alex, in your
question, even at current penetration, Signature is materially below where it was in the last cycle.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Oliver Chen of Cowen & Company.

Oliver Chen
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Regarding Kate Spade, I would love your latest thoughts on timing of optimization and your thoughts on
how this may evolve with conversion relative to traffic; the new CEO, Liz; and comments around self-
expression as you continue to calibrate the brand with novelty and other thoughts. I mean CitySole seems
like a big deal.

Jide J. Zeitlin
CEO & Chairman of the Board

CitySole is a big deal. Maybe -- I'm sorry, go ahead.

Oliver Chen
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

You've made strides and attempts in footwear in the past. So I would love your context and what's
different. And it would also be interesting to get your views on how big that could be. And it's responsive,
lightweight, flexible. Looks like it's in touch with the way the customer is really moving.

Jide J. Zeitlin
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Great. So maybe let's split that because there's a lot there. Maybe Josh will talk about CitySole. Joanne,
as you all know, has been the interim leader of Kate, so maybe she can talk about the some of the Kate
brand-specific comments, and then I'll close out by talking about Liz Fraser, the new President there, the
new brand CEO.

Joshua G. Schulman
CEO & Brand President of Coach

Thanks for noticing the emphasis on CitySole, which is particularly prominent this week, as we're
launching it. As you know, and you followed for a long time, Coach has a long history in footwear. And in
fact, back in 2005, 2006, in some ways, Coach invented the fashion-branded sneaker category coming
from a leather goods brand with strong branding. Over time, we let that position erode. And at that time,
the brand was producing shoes under license. Since bringing the shoe collection back under direct control
a few years ago, we've really been focused on getting the price, value, fashion, style equation right. And
we know to break through here, that we needed to do something very special and unique in terms of both
product and marketing.

So we worked on this project for some time, really thinking about where the customer is going in terms of
the increasing casualization. And how to create a sneaker franchise that will last for more than 1 season,
and that could really be a catalyst for the overall footwear category. As we've mentioned on previous
calls, shoes are around up 4%. And our ambition is to -- is that this should be a business with double-digit
penetration. And we couldn't be more excited about the reaction to the marketing with JLo and Michael B.
Jordan. And I hope to see you wearing a pair next time I see you.

Joanne C. Crevoiserat
CFO, CEO & Brand President of Kate Spade

Oliver, it's Joanne. I'm going to jump into the Kate Spade question. As Jide mentioned, I did jump in
to help lead the brand through December and January. And as I entered the brand, the team was very
engaged and focused on the improvements to the assortment and really managing through the important
holiday quarter. We did see sequential improvement as we implemented key product. We took key product
actions and merchandising actions really to balance our assortment. We talked a little bit last quarter
about the assortment architecture. The changes we made did gain traction in the second quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

We did see strong performance in our expanded satchel offering, and we talked a little bit about holiday
giftables, but that expression was strong, and the customer responded very well to that assortment as
well as jewelry, which is not a high-penetration category for us, but we see opportunity moving forward.
We also enhanced the novelty offering that was a void in our assortment, coming into the second quarter.
We added some fun and novelty back with collaborations like Tom and Jerry and the Cats collaboration as
well as the novelty elephant bag tiny, adding some fun back into the mix.

We also focused on moving through excess inventory so that we could clean up our inventory and these
merchandising changes would be more evident and apparent to the customer. We moved our marketing
focus forward. We increased spend in digital and did see some traction there. We leveraged new tactics.
So we saw a nice growth in the digital channel, particularly in December and saw some green shoots with
new customer acquisition there as well.

So lots of work going on right now in the brand on the current assortment, but we're also doing
foundational work, and we've made progress on sharpening our brand position. That is work that we
began, as we spoke too last quarter, we began last quarter and the team has moved that forward. We're
also doing deeper customer segmentation work to truly understand the Kate Spade customer. We're really
looking forward to having Liz join us in March to continue to move that forward with the team. And Jide, I
don't know if you have other comments?

Jide J. Zeitlin
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Absolutely. So just -- Oliver, to your question about Liz, she is the right person at the right time for Kate
Spade. And that this is somebody who has 30 years of relevant industry experience. And she has run the
gamut from merchant roles to supply chain roles to -- for the last -- better part of the last 1.5 decades,
leadership roles. The -- she's clearly, in her last 2 incarnations, knows the ready-to-wear and the handbag
accessory business well. And then most relevant for 14 years, she was a key player in building the Marc by
Marc Jacobs business from roughly $20 million in revenues to well over $750 million in revenues. So this
is a person who gets things done, has built businesses and has very good relationships with her internal
teams and external teams. I followed her now for over a decade, and I'm really pleased that she's going to
be joining us and joining the Kate Spade team.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Mark Altschwager of Baird.

Mark R. Altschwager
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

As you dig into the uptick in brand perception at Coach, I'm curious what you think is having the biggest
impact there in terms of driving that inflection? And any insight on the trends you're seeing with your
more mature customers versus maybe some new or younger customers in terms of driving that improved
brand perception? And then separately, for Jide, I was hoping you could quickly touch on Stuart Weitzman,
just given the management change announced today, any updated thoughts you could share on the pace
and magnitude of margin recovery we should be looking for over the next several years?

Joshua G. Schulman
CEO & Brand President of Coach

Yes. Thanks for the question. I mean we were very pleased to see the brand tracking report this quarter,
and particularly, to see the inflection in the number of customers in the broad premium market who
consider Coach to be a brand on the way up. And I think it's a few things. We have been talking about
building a fashion relevancy for some time. And I think that continues and so the great work that Stuart
has been doing and his team. But also coupled with a lot of the marketing approach that we've taken. In
fact, the mix of very high-profile celebrities like a Jennifer Lopez and a Michael B. Jordan, clearly, have
resonance in the North American market but also coupled with emerging celebrities like a Yara Shahidi and
really moving the vast majority of marketing into the digital space and becoming significantly more active

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

on the various social channels. And so we are very encouraged by what we're seeing, and it's really across
the demographics with a focus on the millennial.

Jide J. Zeitlin
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Great. And with respect to Stuart Weitzman, a couple of comments. First of all, and particularly, on the
back end here of our diagnostic work, we are quite confident in terms of the strength of that brand, a
brand that basically has a unique proposition as a gateway to luxury and where we think that there is a
fair amount of white space above us with its distinctive heritage and DNA, as you've heard us talk about
before in terms of melding or this fusion of European lux with aesthetics and craftsmanship merged with
or combined with an American practicality and comfort.

So fundamentally, the brand, we think, is a powerful brand. The -- we've talked in the past about some
of the challenges we had in earlier days on design and supply chain, which are working their way through
the system. And so our focus now is very firmly on the product line. And as I mentioned in my opening
comments, we've lacked innovation, to just be very blunt about it, particularly in our core heritage boot
offering as well as just real distinctive newness more broadly across the product architecture to drive top
line sales. The team has been very focused on that. And that takes some time to just work its way through
the pipeline, but we believe that we are making progress on that front.

And I'm really excited about Giorgio because he is somebody who has had a tremendous impact at every
business in our organization that he has been a part of. And I'm confident that coming together with the
existing team at Stuart Weitzman, he's going to have a really big impact, particularly as we look to both
have a very strong base as well as to periodically have key items that we lean very heavily into. So it's on
the right track. We think Giorgio will help accelerate moving it further forward. And it's a business that we
continue to feel very good about, particularly, frankly, coming out of the diagnostic work.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson of Bank of America Securities.

Lorraine Corrine Maikis Hutchinson
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

As you think about the evolution of the business in China as it relates to the virus, how are you thinking
about managing inventory and making sure that when that demand does return, you're presenting a full
price offering? I guess what happens to that excess inventory from the lost sales in China? And how are
you thinking about managing it?

Joanne C. Crevoiserat
CFO, CEO & Brand President of Kate Spade

Yes, Lorraine. This is Joanne. I'll take that. The situation is very dynamic. And the teams are working on
mitigating actions. I'll first say that we have globally shippable product, so we're not constrained as to
where our product goes. So as the teams are responding, they're actively managing inventory that make
sure it's in the right location to match demand, and we may see different trends in the digital side of that
business versus brick-and-mortar, particularly as we work our way through this event as well as different
demand trends globally. So the teams are working very hard to make sure that we've got the inventory
in the right location. We have the flexibility. And we're also evaluating future order flows based on what
we're seeing for demand.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Michael Binetti of Crédit Suisse.

Michael Charles Binetti
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Let me add my congrats on a really nice quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Jide J. Zeitlin
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Thank you.

Michael Charles Binetti
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Jide, I guess I'm trying to calibrate the model a little bit from your comments on Kate in the second
quarter. The comps are quite a bit better than planned, but it looks like you took opportunity to clear some
inventory when you had traffic in the stores. So I guess, the gross margin was a little below but on total
Kate, much better than we thought. You sound like that you feel like inventory is in better shape in the
brand. You gave some guidance on second half comps improving, but you previously did suggest that Kate
comps would improve sequentially in each quarter.

And since comparison on Kate, changes a lot in the third quarter, I just want to see if you still see it
accelerating, especially if you drew down the inventory quite a bit on the holiday when you had the
opportunity? And then I just wanted to ask if -- it sounds like if I had to characterize the plan you laid out,
Coach and Kate came in a little bit above the plan. And I know you have to deal with corona in Asia, but
it sounds like U.S. or North America was a lot better. I'm wondering if -- as you look at your internal plan,
did you move up the North America Coach assumptions in your internal plan for same-store sales in the
back half?

Joanne C. Crevoiserat
CFO, CEO & Brand President of Kate Spade

Yes. Let me start, particularly with the Kate business. We had an expectation, pre-coronavirus outbreak
that expected inflection in the second half. And that -- we continue to expect to improve in the second half
for Kate. And we haven't called for it to be sequential each quarter. But for the second half, we expect to
see improvement. And we -- in the second quarter, we did move through some inventory, and we still have
some excess inventory in the Kate brand that we will be working through as we move through the second
half. But we're also seeing some traction with the assortment changes we're making and the marketing
actions we're taking as well as adding new brand spokespeople to the brand. So we continue to expect,
particularly in North America, improved results in the second half versus the first half in Kate Spade.

Jide J. Zeitlin
CEO & Chairman of the Board

And I was just going to just say on the question with regard to Coach in the second half, we don't
disaggregate our -- we don't disaggregate the growth.

Andrea Shaw Resnick
Global Head of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

Thank you, operator. We're going to conclude the Q&A now with some brief closing remarks from Jide.
Jide, whenever you're ready.

Jide J. Zeitlin
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Absolutely. So first, I just want to underscore the comments that we've made that I know a lot of our
industry peers have made in terms of just our focus on both on our team in China, on their families and on
their communities. But also just much more broadly to the Chinese people. We -- those of us that live in
New York, many of us went through 9/11, and we understand just how deeply unsettling a situation such
as this can be. And we've got clearly immense confidence in the Chinese people, in their character and in
their resilience.

And I believe that clearly, the fear that is evident in a day-to-day basis there is one that will abate, and
look forward to doing everything we can as a corporate citizen to be a part of helping China more broadly

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

return to a greater sense of normalcy as we all as global citizens have seen in so many other crises in the
world over time. So I just want to say that and say that very clearly and heartfelt.

The second comment I would just make in closing, which is one where I'd like to just call out one of our
many colleagues in this -- in our organization who I had the privilege of spending time with last week. And
this is a gentleman named Darrian Lewis, who is the store manager for Coach's Chicago premium outlet
store. And poor Darrian had me show up on his doorstep a week ago as basically one of the members of
his team. I worked as a sales associate on the floor much again to the chagrin of Darrian and his team
and almost certainly to the surprise of most customers who wondered why the usual high standard of both
hiring at Coach seemed to have dropped.

But one of the things that I learned through that day, which was really humbling, frankly, is, first of all,
as we talk about consumer centricity, when you got to stand in front of a customer and figure out what
she wants and try to anticipate where she's going, you learn something about consumer centricity in that.
What I also learned was just how amazing the teamwork is whether it's at Coach, whether it's at Kate
Spade, whether it's at Stuart Weitzman in terms of how our team support each other, how they work so
well together and how they create a remarkable experience in-store for our customers.

Parenthetically, we smashed the sales targets for that day in that store. So...

Joshua G. Schulman
CEO & Brand President of Coach

Thank you, Jide, by the way.

Jide J. Zeitlin
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Yes. So at least that part of the second half of growth that we will disaggregate and so distributed well.

But I just want to say thank you to everyone within Tapestry across our fleet, across all of our 3 brands for
everything you do because really, it's the opportunity to work with such a remarkable leadership team that
makes me most proud to be here at Tapestry.

So thank you all for your confidence and your interest in Tapestry. And we look forward to continuing the
conversation, particularly as we navigate through these challenging times.

Joanne C. Crevoiserat
CFO, CEO & Brand President of Kate Spade

Thanks, everyone.

Operator
Thank you. That does conclude this Tapestry conference call. You may now disconnect your lines, and have
a wonderful day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

