Tapestry, Inc. NYSE:TPR
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, April 30, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

EPS 
Normalized 

(0.04)

(0.27)

NM

(0.10)

1.41

-

1.94

Revenue  (mm)

1081.39

1072.70

(0.80 %)

1033.30

5277.32

5900.00

5737.99

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-30-2020 1:24 PM GMT

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.61

0.37

0.99

(0.04)

0.61

0.40

1.10

(0.27)

0.00 %

8.11 %

11.11 %

NM

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
TAPESTRY, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andrea Shaw Resnick
Global Head of Investor Relations
& Corporate Communications

Jide J. Zeitlin
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Joanne C. Crevoiserat
Chief Financial Officer

Todd Kahn
President, Chief Admin Officer &
Company Secretary

ANALYSTS

Alexandra E. Walvis
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Irwin Bernard Boruchow
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Jamie Susan Merriman
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Lorraine Corrine Maikis
Hutchinson
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Mark R. Altschwager
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Michael Charles Binetti
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Oliver Chen
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Paul Trussell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Simeon Avram Siegel
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day. And welcome to this Tapestry conference call. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator
Instructions]

At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Andrea Resnick,
Global Head of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications.

Andrea Shaw Resnick
Global Head of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Jide
Zeitlin, Tapestry's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry's Chief Financial
Officer.

Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, including projections for our
business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees,
and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking
statements. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K, the press release we issued this morning and
our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and important
factors that could impact our future performance and results.

Non-GAAP financial measures are included in our comments today and in our presentation slides. You may
find the corresponding GAAP financial information as well as the related reconciliations on our website,
www.tapestry.com/investors, and then viewing the earnings release and the presentation slides posted
today.

Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Jide will provide a recap of our
fiscal third quarter results for Tapestry as well as a current update on our global business in light of the
COVID-19 pandemic. Joanne will continue with high-level financial and operational results for the quarter
in addition to the mitigating actions we are taking and our priorities going forward. Following that, we
will hold a question-and-answer session where we will be joined by Todd Kahn, Tapestry's President and
Chief Administrative Officer, who is serving in an interim role as Chief Commercial Officer of the Coach
brand while the search for a permanent CEO is underway. Following Q&A, we will conclude with some brief
summary remarks.

I'd now like to turn it over to Jide Zeitlin, Tapestry's Chairman and CEO.

Jide J. Zeitlin
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Good morning. Thank you, Andrea, and thank you, everyone, for joining our call. I hope this is the first
and the last earnings call I'll be taking from my home office in Brooklyn. Sadly, all of us are living through
a true 100-year storm. No one is exempt from the daily realities of COVID-19. Our thanks go out to
courageous individuals on the frontline of the fight against this pandemic. Our hearts are with those
affected by its ravages. This crisis has profoundly impacted the way we live our lives and manage our
business.

This morning, we reported our fiscal third quarter results. These are the first adjusted quarterly earnings
loss in our nearly 20 years as a public company. We entered the calendar year with a strong underlying
momentum, most notably for the Coach brand. As the novel coronavirus expanded across the globe, our
results materially weakened. Initially, we hoped the pandemic's damage would be limited to 1 country
or a region, especially as Mainland China and South Korea began recovering. By mid-March, results
deteriorated in North America, Europe and numerous countries across Asia Pacific. We never before
experienced a time when 90% of our store fleet was either closed or on shortened operating hours. It's

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

clear that the crisis will have an impact lasting beyond a quarter or 2. We're taking steps to mitigate the
impact on a business that requires sales growth to leverage brick-and-mortar store expenses.

As we look ahead, we're focusing our efforts on 4 key areas: protecting the health and well-being of our
people, our consumers and our communities; driving digital revenue and revenue in China and South
Korea, while preparing for store reopenings; accelerating key elements of our multiyear growth agenda;
and preserving liquidity and enhancing financial flexibility, which Joanne will take you through shortly.

First, guided by our values, we have prioritized our community, our people, their families and our
customers. Nearly 3 months ago, we acted swiftly to close stores in Mainland China. We reopened where
it was safe to do so. We've continued to provide pay and benefits to our retail associates while moving
our corporate staff to a remote working environment, initially in China, today in North America and
Europe. While our distribution centers remained operational, we've instituted enhanced health and safety
precautions, and we're supporting our local communities through philanthropic donations from our brand
foundations and specific initiatives around PPE. I'm incredibly proud of our teams around the world. I want
to express my gratitude for the spirit and dedication they show every day.

Second, here are the actions we've taken to drive revenues and reopen stores. We've seen green shoots
and are confident we will weather the storm and emerge strong. During our last earnings call, I noted
that the vast majority of our Mainland China stores were closed. By mid-March, 95% of our stores on
the mainland were open, although traffic lagged year ago levels. Over the last 6 weeks, we've opened all
remaining stores, and we've seen brick-and-mortar sales build, led by retail. We've also seen significant
disparities within the country, impacted in part by domestic travel restrictions. Unlike some of our
European counterparts, the preponderance of our sales to the Chinese consumer globally have historically
occurred in China. While our sales are encouraging, we're not experiencing outsized domestic growth
driven by the repatriation of tourist spending.

In addition to these dynamics in China, revenues in South Korea are recovering. All our stores in South
Korea are operating under normal hours. We learned important lessons from our Chinese business, which
are informing our actions globally as we start to turn the lights back on in Europe, North America and the
rest of the world. We are reopening stores based on federal, state, province or municipal requirements in
the different countries where we operate. We're making these decisions carefully on a location-by-location
basis.

Our reopening playbook is focused on protecting the health and safety of our consumers and associates,
including: the cleaning of stores and fitting rooms; signage that highlights social distancing requirements;
the enforcement of maximum customer densities; the use of masks and gloves where appropriate;
offering sanitizers and wipes at cash wraps; and the availability of contactless payment and other
measures. In accordance with these guidelines, I'm pleased to announce that tomorrow, we will reopen
approximately 40 stores in North America with only contactless curbside with storefront pickup service.
Customers will have the ability to place orders over the phone and for some retail stores online as well and
have orders brought to them curbside or at the storefront, depending on mall configurations. We plan to
offer this service in additional stores in the future. As of today, we've reopened 5 locations in Germany and
Austria as well as a dozen in Australia.

Moving from brick-and-mortar to digital. Not surprisingly, e-commerce was a bright spot this quarter, and
we leaned into it. We shifted our marketing investment and focus to strengthen our presence in consumer
channels where our consumer shops today. Responding digitally is particularly important in a world where
the majority of our physical stores are closed. Roughly 10% of Tapestry's pre-COVID sales were generated
online. Leaning into digital as this secular trend accelerates is a significant opportunity and a critical
element of our customer-centric growth agenda. Our global distribution centers are operating with little
interruption. This is key to servicing increasing e-commerce demand. We had no material China-related
supply chain issues. We manufacture a limited product in China and have a geographically diversified
manufacturing and sourcing base.

Subsequent to quarter end, there were more disruptions across Asia and Europe. However, we successfully
worked with our raw material and service providers to actively balance changing levels of supply and
demand. We are pleased that most of our partners in Europe have reopened, including tanneries in Italy

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

and footwear makers in Spain. Our distribution and logistics operations, including shipping, trucking and
air freight are in good order.

Importantly, we're acting decisively to fast track work already underway prior to the onset of COVID-19,
and we're focused on driving outsized growth in digital and creating a more streamlined and data-driven
organization. We do not know how long this pandemic will impact us, but the world will be different on the
other side. Consumer behaviors are changing and secular trends are accelerating.

As mentioned earlier, one of the most important consumer trends is digital, with increasing online
consumer exploration, engagement and purchasing. We are advancing our understanding of consumers'
digital experiences to respond to their needs and desires. We must be better able to meet consumers
where they are traveling. The shift from brick-and-mortar to digital shopping is accelerating. Physical
stores will always play a vital role in a consumer's experience with our brands, but we expect their share
versus digital will move towards greater parity. Growth in digital represents a consumer expressing
where they prefer to shop, and we have to acknowledge this shift. For example, this means extending
our partnership with Tmall in China. This also means carefully scrutinizing our distribution network as
stores reopen and traffic levels normalize at what could be lower post-COVIDian brick-and-mortar levels.
Successful business models for the future will make substantial investments in enabling platforms. We
are also reimagining our operating model and culture. Being rigorous about leveraging data proactively to
make forward decisions is critical. Listening to the consumer is job won.

Before turning to Joanne, I'll briefly describe strategies specific to each of our brands. Starting with Coach.
Our focus is on 3 areas: digital engagement, accelerating growth in China and operational excellence
achieved through rightsizing our SG&A cost structure and improved balance sheet management.

Digital, which as we've discussed, is more than a shopping platform. It's about meeting with, engaging
and empowering the consumer, and connecting with their values.

China represents Coach's largest geographic growth opportunity. Chinese customers are proving resilient
in their continued appetite for fashion and luxury. Our strong brand momentum and positioning will enable
us to benefit from the rapid growth of the Chinese middle class. Already highly digitally engaged, Chinese
consumers have increased their digital interaction with Coach through official social media sites as well as
by engaging store associates on social media platforms such as WeChat. Coach conducted hundreds of live
stream sessions that proved an important way to drive business.

Finally, we are focused on improving operational efficiencies in both the near and long term. First, we're
assessing our global store fleet and holding individual stores to a higher productivity threshold. Second,
we're materially reducing our SKU assortment with the objective of significantly improving supply chain
efficiencies and inventory turns. Third, we're substantially reducing our corporate payroll while maintaining
best-in-class brand experience and service levels.

At Kate Spade, Liz Fraser is fully engaged in every aspect of the business. With a mission to reconnect
with the core culture and unique spirit of the brand, she is focused on brand strategy and customer
centricity. On the product level, the important role of color and novelty remain central, while the team
works to redefine the balance and healthy tension between playfulness and pragmatism, 2 of the brand's
defining values. The team is also putting great emphasis on community and customer, understanding
the consumer more thoroughly in order to better serve and engage her. As a result, in recent weeks, the
effectiveness of digital marketing has driven major increases in the e-commerce business as well as in
social media engagement. And those stores largely remain closed, the team is finding new approaches.
Some retail customers have personally reached out, and so the brand has begun testing Zoom shopping
parties with notable success.

Turning to Stuart Weitzman. While we are disappointed in the brand's recent performance, and the related
impairment charge, we remain confident in the brand's long-term potential and are focused on returning
it to sustainable, profitable growth. Our teams, led by Giorgio Sarné, are executing a number of key
initiatives, including, first, creating a focused assortment that speaks to the brand's fashion sensibility and
leadership position in the boot, espadrille and sandal categories. As an example, we just recently launched
our new espadrille family, once a key platform for the brand and a nod to our Spanish ties. We are pleased

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

with the early online performance. Second, driving growth in China through strategic store openings and
marketing investment. And third, expanding the brand's digital capabilities. Examples include: buy online
and pick up in store, a key omnichannel functionality; an innovative browsing experience to increase
discovery and conversion; and more efficient customer segmenting and targeting capabilities that will
enable us to increase customer personalization.

In summary, no one is immune to the effects of this 100-year storm. We're taking aggressive actions to
ensure that Tapestry emerges a strong company when conditions normalize. We have a strong balance
sheet, we benefit from a multichannel international distribution model, our exposure to wholesale
is modest and our supply chain is diversified. Most importantly, we have powerful brands with deep
consumer connections and a long history of successfully navigating global challenges and macroeconomic
shocks.

With that, let's turn to Joanne for a brief financial review of the quarter and the actions we've taken to
mitigate the impact of the COVID-19 crisis. Joanne?

Joanne C. Crevoiserat
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Jide, and good morning, everyone. I hope this finds you all safe and well. Before I begin, please
keep in mind that my comments are based on non-GAAP results. Corresponding GAAP results and the
related reconciliation can be found in the earnings release posted on our website today.

Turning to our third quarter financial results, which reflect the significant negative impact of the
coronavirus. Total sales declined 19% on both a reported and constant currency basis for the quarter.
We entered the quarter with strong momentum. However, as we moved into February, trends in Greater
China deteriorated sharply due to the coronavirus outbreak, declining over 80% versus prior year for
the month while top line trends elsewhere remained positive. To this end, on a quarter-to-date basis
through February, total sales increased double digits in Europe, mid-single digits in North America and
low single digits in Japan. In March, although revenue trends began to gradually and steadily improve in
certain areas first impacted, notably in China, we experienced widespread global disruption. Accordingly,
Tapestry's global sales fell over 40% in March from the prior year, reflecting the added pressure from store
closures in North America and Europe, which began mid-month.

Importantly, throughout the quarter, we experienced strong double-digit growth in our global e-commerce
business. However, this was not enough to offset the loss of business due to our store closures.

Gross margin decreased 210 basis points compared to prior year in the third quarter, primarily due to the
lower penetration of higher-margin international businesses. SG&A declined 3% year-over-year, driven by
variable savings on the lower revenue base as well as the realization of fixed cost savings in light of the
current environment. I will touch on some of these actions momentarily. The operating loss for the quarter
totaled $32 million, and earnings per diluted share was a loss of $0.27. The EPS result included a negative
impact of approximately $0.10 from an unfavorable tax rate as compared to our original projections. Due
to the lack of visibility and potential variability in results through the end of our fiscal year, the Q3 tax
rate was determined based on year-to-date actual results only, which included geographic mix headwinds
in the quarter. This is in contrast to our historical method of calculation based on full annual forecasted
results.

On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter in a strong liquidity position, with just under $900 million in
cash and cash equivalents and $900 million available on our revolver. Total borrowings outstanding at the
end of the quarter were $1.6 billion. Total inventory ended the quarter up 5%, reflecting actions taken in
the quarter and the recognition of incremental obsolescence reserves in light of the current environment.

As you saw today in our press release, we took a number of charges in the quarter, in part related
to the COVID-19 crisis. First, we recorded $478 million in brand intangible and goodwill impairment
charges associated with Stuart Weitzman. These charges were a result of a decline in both current and
future expected cash flows, which was exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic. Clearly, we have been
disappointed with the brand's performance and recognize the need to get back to its core proposition,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

as Jide mentioned. We have done a substantial amount of work to understand the consumer and believe
there is a significant opportunity given its unique fusion of fashion and fit. We are also committed to
improving profitability at Stuart Weitzman, which will be an element of Tapestry's multiyear growth
agenda. In addition, as mentioned, we recorded $104 million in charges related to an increase in inventory
reserves, and we incurred $66 million in-store impairment charges due to COVID 19.

Now moving to mitigating actions that we have and will be taking to effectively navigate the COVID-19
pandemic and reinforce our financial flexibility while positioning the company for long-term growth. We've
identified or implemented over $1.3 billion in cash preservation actions. First, we are tightly managing
inventories by reflowing late spring and early summer product introductions. These are goods that were
in production at the start of the coronavirus outbreak. We are also canceling deliveries scheduled for late
summer and early fall 2020. Taken together, these actions are expected to result in over $500 million of
working capital savings beginning in Q4 and continuing through the first half of fiscal year '21. We are
also targeting a CapEx reduction of at least $100 million in fiscal '21 as compared to our run rate spend of
approximately $275 million as we delay or cancel new store openings while prioritizing investment in high-
return projects, notably in digital. In addition, we have canceled or deferred projects previously scheduled
for our fiscal fourth quarter and now expect CapEx of approximately $225 million for fiscal year '20, $75
million lower than our original plan for the year. Subsequent to quarter end, we drew down $700 million
of our $900 million revolving credit facility to enhance our cash balances, bringing our total borrowings
outstanding to $2.3 billion.

In addition to these measures, we are also aggressively controlling our SG&A spend. We are rightsizing
marketing expenses, reducing fixed costs such as rent and driving procurement savings, including
reducing external third-party services. We've also announced steps to minimize corporate costs, including
temporary compensation reductions for our Board, management team and employees. And while we are
pleased that we were in a position to extend salary and benefits to the vast majority of our North America
retail team through May 30 despite store closures, we will furlough most assistant store managers and
sales associates should stores not reopen at that time.

Beyond these near-term defensive actions, we've also accelerated part of our multiyear growth agenda
to create a more streamlined organization, as Jide previously mentioned. We began these actions in Q4
and expect to be complete by the end of fiscal year '21. We believe these steps will allow Tapestry to
emerge as a global consumer-centric company with a more agile organizational structure that will be
more responsive to the rapidly changing retail environment. And finally, we made the decision to suspend
our quarterly cash dividend and share repurchase programs, saving approximately $700 million on an
annualized basis as compared to fiscal 2020. In the near term, our priority is to preserve our cash on hand
in light of the environment. Longer term, our strategic intent is to return to sustainable top and bottom
line growth and strong free cash flow generation, which we intend to utilize for debt paydown as well as
capital return to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.

In closing, as noted in our release, while we are not providing guidance at this time due to the lack of
visibility, we do still intend to hold an Analyst and Investor Day this summer to discuss our long-term
strategies. We believe in the benefits of Tapestry's multi-brand model and the power of each of our
brands. This is particularly true during challenging times when the advantages of scale as well as shared
best practices and systems come to bear. Our objective is to successfully navigate this crisis through the
identification and execution of mitigating actions that ensure we emerge a stronger, more agile company.
This will require us to make both bold and difficult decisions. It has also created the opportunity and the
need to accelerate key elements of our multiyear growth agenda. Importantly, our view of the long-term
opportunities for our brands is unchanged, and our strategic intent to drive organic growth and profitability
is unwavering.
And now I'd like to open it up to Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Bob Drbul of Guggenheim Securities.

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Hope you guys are doing well. I guess, 2 questions. I think the first one is just more category. Do you
think the market for handbags and accessories will be disproportionately impacted in the economic
downturn? Do you think consumers are going to be shopping for handbags? Can you talk about that
maybe generally?

And then I think the second part of it would be, can you just talk about your confidence level in maybe
Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman? Can these brands weather the storm that we're in right now?

Jide J. Zeitlin
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Absolutely. Thank you, Bob, and I hope you're well also. With respect to the category, we're confident in
terms of our ability to both weather the storm, but as importantly, to come out the other end strong. If
you look at kind of previous downturns, whether those are macroeconomic or whether those are natural
disasters around the world, in our experience coming out of those periods, we've seen continued strong
demand for our product and have no reason to believe that this will be any different, particularly when
we look at the real-world experience that we're getting in parallel today. We clearly have seen what is
happening to our business in China and in South Korea. And we, on an everyday basis, globally, are seeing
the demand for our product digitally. And so there's nothing we've seen that would suggest to us that
we're not going to come out in this period with genuine, authentic, real demand for our products.

With respect to your question on Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman. I guess the way I think about it is that
it is actually, one, in times such as this, the power of a well-capitalized portfolio company is most evident.
Smaller brands in our world, that's Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman, benefit from having greater leverage
with landlords and supply chain partners and from having a stronger balance sheet. At the same time,
larger brands, in our case, Coach, benefit from innovation that we see at Kate and at Stuart that as that
migrates across the brands, and there are a couple of great examples of that, which perhaps we'll get into
later in the call.

But I -- fundamentally, to come back to each of Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman have got unique brand
propositions that have deep emotional connections to their customers. And one of the benefits of a lot
of the work that we've done over the last 8 or so months is that our brand work has shown significant
opportunities for both these brands, particularly at Kate Spade, where if there's ever a moment in
terms of where consumer behavior is, and is evolving and where we believe it's going to evolve coming
through this COVID-19 period, where there's a brand that connects with -- where it connects with where
consumer behavior is going, the Kate Spade core culture and unique spirit is tailor-made for that. And
then particularly, as we continue to reposition the important role of color and novelty in that brand, as we
continue to work with the balance between playfulness and pragmatism of that brand, we think that there
is real upside there. And so we're -- we believe as deeply in Kate Spade and Kate Spade coming through
this period as ever.

And Stuart Weitzman, differently but similarly, it's clearly a unique brand. It's got that balance, as we've
talked about, between fashion sensibility with a remarkable fit. We're taking, as I mentioned or alluded
to in my opening comments, very disciplined steps to narrow its assortment to focus much more clearly
on boots, on espadrilles and on sandals, and to focus geographically very much on China, North America.
And digitally, from a channel perspective. Stuart Weitzman is going to be a survivor. And particularly, in a
category that's quite fragmented where others who are smaller and who don't have the benefit of being on

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

a broader platform are not going to survive. And so we think that there's going to be a real market share
opportunity for Stuart Weitzman.

And then I guess, lastly, I'd just say that I couldn't be more pleased, our Executive committee couldn't
be more pleased with Liz and Giorgio who have hit the ground running and are having a huge impact in
each of their businesses. And as odd as it may sound to say, this moment has really proven catalytic for
them and for their leadership, parenthetically as well as for the broader leadership team across Tapestry.
So long way to say that we -- you don't want to go through a period such as this. But having gone through
it as we all continue to go through it, we feel very confident about both Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman.
So thank you, again, Bob.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Ike Boruchow of Wells Fargo.

Irwin Bernard Boruchow
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I hope everyone is hanging in there. So I actually have 2, but they're very quick. Just the comment,
Joanne, I think you gave for March was global sales down 40%, I believe. I understand visibility is really,
really low right now. But is there any chance you could help us out with April just on how global sales have
trended?

And then just very quickly, follow-up on the cost side. I understand the pandemic hit late quarter. It was
very sudden. So you couldn't really adjust the cost structure for 3Q. But can you maybe give some color
on OpEx expectations for 4Q? Maybe just to help give us some perspective on what all these initiatives
you're talking about on the cost side should mean to the P&L. Just anything would be helpful as we're
trying to think about flow-through rates.

Joanne C. Crevoiserat
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, thanks for your question. We have seen, as we move through March, more widespread store closures
with the spread of the pandemic globally, which contributed to the March results. And given lack of
visibility to store reopenings and traffic trends and consumer behavior post-COVID-19, it's really hard,
as you can imagine, difficult to provide guidance. And to give you a false sense of precision -- or give us
a false sense of precision on that number, we have seen with the stores reopening in China, very nice,
steady progress in terms of those traffic trends in consumer demand coming back into the market. As we
think about Q4, while we're not providing guidance, I guess I could provide some data points as you think
about how Q4 can shape up. In Q3, as you noted, our sales were down about $260 million versus last
year. And that was only with 2.5 weeks of store closures in North America and Europe during the quarter.
So as extrapolating from that data point and given the widespread global closures and expected slower
pace of recovery, we expect the Q4 impact could be 3 to 4x those levels. And just to make a fulsome,
as we think about gross margin, as you saw in Q3, gross margin was lower, impacted by mix. And the
margin mix was impacted by the lower relative penetration of the high-margin international businesses,
particularly China in the third quarter. As we move into the fourth quarter, the lower relative penetration of
North America could benefit gross margin.

And then to your question on SG&A, as we're taking very aggressive and significant actions to reduce
spending, not as much of that impacted Q3 based on timing. We do expect more to impact Q4. And we've
talked about a number of those actions, mitigating actions that we're taking. However, those actions
won't be enough to offset the top line decline. So we would still expect significant deleverage on the lower
sales in Q4. So that's how we're thinking about or how you can think about our Q4, how that's shaping
up. Overall, we are planning conservatively and taking aggressive actions to drive mitigating actions and
position us to not only weather the storm but come out stronger at the end.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Erinn Murphy of Piper Sandler.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Great. I hope you all are well. My question is around inventory. I was hoping if you could speak to where
you see, at least over the next 4 quarters, inventory potentially peaking. And then as you think about
the planned promotional activity, can you just talk about some of your strategies around liquidating
products and then particularly within outlets? I'm just curious if you're rethinking maybe at least the near
term, how you think about made for product versus using it as a vehicle, more so to liquidate full-priced
product?

Joanne C. Crevoiserat
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Inventory is another area that we've aggressively actioned as we moved into the crisis. So we're
addressing the supply to align with unfolding trends in demand. We took action, very strong action and
reflowed. We're reflowing the late spring and early summer production. These were goods that were
in production at the beginning of the crisis. And we've canceled all of our late summer and early fall
deliveries, which allows us -- our inventory is less seasonal by nature, and it provides us with tremendous
flexibility to reflow our product as we see demand change across the next few quarters. So by reflowing
product and canceling on the back end, we're able to save over $500 million in working capital.

Our product is also globally shippable. So it allows us to move the product around to where we're seeing
demand. In recent examples, in our case to date, both China and digital are places where we're seeing
demand growing. So we're able to move inventory into those channels. We feel good about our position
with inventory. And as we think about and manage where we see demand matching supply, the teams
are working very quickly to move inventory through our network. At this point, we'd not expect significant
changes in the product availability by channel. And with our reflowing, we do expect to flow newness and
have newness dropping in over the course of the next few quarters.

As we look out, we -- as you know, we just reported inventory at the close of Q3, were up 5%. We would
expect, as we close our fiscal year in Q4, inventories to be up in this mid-single-digit range based on the
actions that we've taken. And then as we move through our fiscal year '21, we continue to have a strong
focus on this inventory management and would expect to end our fiscal year '21 with inventories down
year-over-year. So this is a very strong focus within the organization. I would say the teams are laser-
focused on this, and we're monitoring it very closely as we watch the demand trends change.

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

That's helpful. The thoughts around outlet? Are you changing kind of how you're thinking about the near
term there in terms of liquidation strategies?

Joanne C. Crevoiserat
Chief Financial Officer

No. I would say we're leaning into the areas where we see demand, but don't expect a significant need
to liquidate full-priced product through outlet to a much larger degree than we have in the past. One
thing we are monitoring is the promotional activity and the outlook across the industry. We have seen
an intensification in the promo environment in North America and Europe, particularly as retailers are
moving through excess inventory. But again, we remain focused on the controllables, and the aggressive
actions that we've taken to manage our inventory put us in a better position in the months ahead, so we
expect that we'll be able to continue to drive -- meet demand with the right supply by channel, between
outlet and retail. And also to manage through the promotional environment in -- with a healthy inventory
position.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Alexandra Walvis of Goldman Sachs.

Alexandra E. Walvis

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Firstly, a quick follow-up to Erinn's question. How are you guys thinking about balancing the need for cash
preservation as a result of these order cancellations with also the considerations around relationships with
your manufacturers and making sure that those are preserved for the long term? And then I had a second
question on rent, you mentioned that you were looking at rent reductions. I wonder if you could comment
more broadly on how you're thinking about how the fleet might emerge from this versus where it was
before.

Jide J. Zeitlin
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Absolutely. So perhaps, Todd, you may want to start on the rents and on the fleet, and then I'll pick up on
the SPs.

Todd Kahn
President, Chief Admin Officer & Company Secretary

Great. Thank you. As you look at the fleet, one of the things we're recognizing more and more is the
omnichannel nature of our consumer. She shops online, she shops in our stores and their -- and she shops
in both locations. We are going to -- in the upcoming year and through our LRP period, we're going to be
holding ourselves to a much higher level of profitability in the fleet itself.

So when we look out in the future, the criteria to renew a lease and/or to build a new store is going to be
quite high. And if it doesn't meet our criteria, we will exit the store. One of the things we've seen recently
is as stores close, if a store closes in a catchment area, we end up transferring about 20% of the volume
to an existing store. So that's a very positive outcome.

In terms of the immediacy of our rent negotiations, we are actually having -- we're engaged in
constructive dialogue with all of our major landlords in the U.S. We had had very good dialogue and
resolutions in Asia in the past when the coronavirus hit Asia. And in fact, there was rent accommodations
made, and we anticipate achieving some rent reductions in North America through this period.

Jide J. Zeitlin
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Great. And, Alex, with respect to the SPs, I would -- I know you know, we began as a manufacturer, right,
with a factory on 34th Street. And I think that gives us a real sensibility in terms of understanding the
SPs on top of what is a really strong supply chain team that we have, that engages with them every day.
And so we have tried to be very thoughtful in our engagement with them as we cut forward deliveries
in finding that right balance between clearly protecting our balance sheet, managing our inventory and
cash levels and making sure that we did it in a way that our SPs can manage. And so -- and Joanne has
talked about the financing facility that we put into place for the benefit of our SPs. And so we've tried to
take steps such as that and others to make sure that they're able to weather this storm so that we have a
robust ecosystem of suppliers coming out the other end. But at the same time, recognizing clearly, we've
got to be strong, we've got to come through it well to be in a position to benefit from that on the other
end.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Mark Altschwager of Baird.

Mark R. Altschwager
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Question on stores, just with respect to reopening plans. Can you talk about any notable differences
between retail and outlet? And as curbside pickup becomes a bigger picture in retail models, I'm
wondering if that changes the way you think about digital within the outlet business. And then broadly
on the stores, with respect to the changes in the retail workforce, beyond the near-term furloughs and
actions related to COVID, how do you envision the store operating model changing?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Jide J. Zeitlin
CEO & Chairman of the Board

That's quite a mouthful. Why don't you start, Todd? And then I'll add.

Todd Kahn
President, Chief Admin Officer & Company Secretary

Thank you. In terms of the curbside concept, we are actually testing starting tomorrow in about 40
locations in North America, both across full price and outlet stores, and we'll see how the consumer
responds to that. We're optimistic. But again, it still won't fully replicate the experience that particularly
the Coach, Kate Spade and all of our brands give in terms of the service level. So it will be hard to fully
mitigate the sales through a curbside experience. In terms of outlet, we are putting in, and we have very
significant and well detailed protocols in opening all of our stores. So we'll obviously be following the
regional state government guidelines on safety. But in addition to that, we're going to be doing things in
North America, like temperature checks for all our employees when they start -- when they begin their
workday. There will be significant protocols on cleaning, there will be enforcement of social distancing. So
there will be, for some period of time, a new normal in that. And our workforce is typically, particularly in
our larger stores, flexible. So it will respond to the needs of the customer. And if the volume isn't there,
we'll obviously pivot to a smaller workforce in those stores.

Jide J. Zeitlin
CEO & Chairman of the Board

And the one thing I would add just on the broader theme of reopening is, clearly, as we reopen location
by location, we do so into a world where the shift from brick-and-mortar to digital shopping is clearly
accelerating, has been accelerated. It's a secular trend, but COVID-19 has clearly accelerated that trend.
And as such, the line between physical and digital worlds is increasingly and will increasingly be blurred.
That said, stores will always play a vital role for us and our consumers' experience with our brand. And so
even though we think that the world will move to a place where there's greater parity between brick-and-
mortar and digital, and this is not a short-term phenomenon, we continue clearly to be very, very invested
in our brick-and-mortar stores.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Merriman of Bernstein.

Jamie Susan Merriman
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Just a quick one on China. Joanne, I think you mentioned that China was down about 80% in February,
and then it's picked up since then. But I was wondering if you could give us a sense of what you've seen
from traffic levels maybe in March, just so we can understand what that progression has looked like as
things have started to reopen.

And then just on the supply chain disruptions, it sounds like those were maybe primarily in Europe. But
I was wondering if you could give a little bit more detail. And then was that disruption isolated than in a
particular brand like Stuart Weitzman or was it more widespread?

Joanne C. Crevoiserat
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. On the China business, it's -- we've been pleased that all of our stores on Mainland China are now
open. And to your point, we have seen very nice and very steady improvement in the business through
March and also through April. So the business is responding. In fact, in some locations, we have seen
positive comps, more in locations that are not impacted by domestic tourists; business, where those have
been lagging a little bit more based on just travel restrictions within the country. But overall, I'm pleased
with the progress we are seeing in China and the steady improvement. Your question -- I apologize, I lost
the second part of your question.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Jamie Susan Merriman
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

It was about the supply chain and the disruptions that you talked about, were they specific to a particular
brand? Or...

Joanne C. Crevoiserat
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Thank you. The supply chain disruptions that we felt were very minimal and not material, particularly
in China as we have migrated most of our finished goods production away from China over many years.
So as disruptions were progressing through the country, we were much less impacted. So from a supply
chain standpoint, our business was less affected. As the pandemic spread through Europe and other parts
of the globe, we were impacted with raw material suppliers in Italy and some finished goods production in
Spain, particularly with Stuart Weitzman. However, those facilities are back online. So again, overall, from
a supply chain perspective, our diversified sourcing base has worked well for us, and we have been much
less impacted from a supply standpoint.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson of Bank of America.

Lorraine Corrine Maikis Hutchinson
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Just wanted to follow-up on some of the questions around the outlet business. Is there a plan to develop
more of a presence online to address the post-COVID shift toward e-commerce?

Jide J. Zeitlin
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Short answer is yes. Todd, do you want to add a little bit?

Todd Kahn
President, Chief Admin Officer & Company Secretary

Yes. That is definitively the short answer. The more fulsome answer is that we recognize that just
like our retail customer, the outlet customer is an omnichannel customer. And I'll speak specifically to
coachoutlet.com. It is a robust channel that we are using, we're learning. And that customer, particularly a
millennial or a younger customer, is going to embrace and is shopping.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Oliver Chen of Cowen.

Oliver Chen
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

The China momentum has been encouraging. That market has had a coordinated shutdown as well as
reopening. What are your thoughts on the key lessons there in terms of what may be applicable to the
U.S.? And some of the difficulty in the U.S. is different areas opening at different times. I would love your
thoughts on what that may mean and what you're considering as well as some things you mentioned on
the call, including live streaming and using Zoom, how you see retail evolving with new opportunities to
pursue at-home engagement.

And, Joanne, on the debt covenant, I was just curious about how we should think about that 4x covenant
as we approach next quarter and what's on your mind for managing that.

Jide J. Zeitlin
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Thank you, Oliver. Why don't I start, Joanne, and then have you pick up? But on China, we -- I often smile
because we've got a great benefit, clearly, of being global and being direct-to-consumer. And so in some
ways, every day for us is Groundhog Day. We get to see something play out in China. And we get to learn
from it and think about what implications that may have for us and the rest of the world and to adapt our
businesses globally. So there are aspects of China that are certainly idiosyncratic to China, and we listen
very carefully, and we try to understand that. But I would say, though, that when we look across other
regions of our business, we think -- we believe that there are -- that there's also a lot that is relevant in
the China experience. So for example, South Korea, which has a different policy framework than China
does, has gone through a curve that is actually not that dissimilar to China, and that in many ways gives
us some confidence in terms of as we think about what reopening may look like in the west. And even
-- and as we look at our digital business in the west and we look at some of the underlying consumer
behaviors, that would also suggest that there is real consumer demand coming through this period. And
that, that, again, is not totally idiosyncratic to 1 region or 1 political system.

The other comment I'd make to your WeChat and live streaming and at home is that, that's part of the
comment I made a moment ago about blurring of the line between physical and digital. And increasingly,
as we think about a real omnichannel world, where we see great opportunity going forward. And I loved
what happened within our system, and this speaks to the power of the portfolio because the live streaming
actually began at Stuart Weitzman in China. Our Coach team in China watched that, saw the potential --
not just potential, the actual impact it was having in terms of driving business. So they ended up taking it
and reinterpreting it for Coach to real success. And then independently, all the way across the Pacific, we
had different teams in California, in other parts of the U.S. and in North Carolina at Kate Spade, who took
Zoom and brought people into their -- literally, store associates, bringing people into their personal closets
and saw that it both created real brand heat, created real connectivity and then has translated into very
strong digital results at Kate Spade.

So we do think -- we don't view these as kind of aberrant data points. We believe that they're part of a
secular trend and are working extraordinarily hard to make sure we learn the most from it.

Joanne C. Crevoiserat
Chief Financial Officer

And, Oliver, I'll jump in on your questions regarding our credit facility. And I'll start by saying our priority
right now is to protect our liquidity through this crisis, and we entered the crisis really at the beginning of
the calendar year in a very strong liquidity position. And we ended the third quarter with just under $900
million in cash and cash equivalents on hand. As we entered the fourth quarter, we did draw $700 million
of our $900 million revolver really to further bolster our cash balances and have the flexibility and liquidity.
Our covenant is an adjusted debt-to-EBITDA covenant, and we are closely monitoring our leverage and in
close communications with our credit facility banks on any adjustments we need as we move forward for a
short period of time to see us through the crisis.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Paul Trussell with Deutsche Bank.

Paul Trussell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Earlier, you mentioned some of the dynamics that we should keep in mind on gross margin, especially with
some of the geographic mix changes going on. Was hoping you could dig into a little bit more detail on
other puts and takes around gross margin as we think about not just geographic mix, but the channel mix
and just what's transpiring in terms of the rate of recovery, how you're managing inventory, anything else
to note.

Joanne C. Crevoiserat
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, I can take that. In terms of gross margin, I would say that, generally speaking, the margin
performance within each brand is shaping up the way we had expected. However, the impact of the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

disruption in our business with stores closed have had a significant and material impact on the outcome
on overall margins. So the real driver is -- has been the geographic mix most prominently. And that, as
I mentioned, worked against us in Q3 with the international business, and namely China, having a much
lower penetration to our average, and that business is a high-margin business. As we move into Q4 and as
we've seen more stores closed more broadly across the business, we see that impact actually reversing a
bit with the North America business underpenetrated as we move into Q4. Relatively underpenetrated, I
should say.

By channel, I would say that we feel really good about our ability to drive the digital business globally
and have seen really nice response from our customers in terms of demand trends there but have not
seen a material impact on margin. As we think about managing margin through the rest of this fiscal year
and into fiscal year '21, one of the biggest controllable items is how we manage our inventory. And as
I mentioned earlier, we've taken aggressive actions to align our inventory with how we see the demand
trends unfolding. And that includes the over $500 million of adjustments that we have taken. Not only
does that preserve cash flow, but it also puts us in a better position as we move through the year to
manage the promotional activity.

So the other factor in gross margin that we're monitoring is really that promotional activity. We expect
that the environment and promotional environment will intensify as we move through, and we're very
focused on making sure that we're controlling the elements that we can control, again, with aggressive
inventory actions. And there are a few data points that give us confidence in our ability to positively
manage margins and AUR. And to date, we've seen success in driving higher margins on digital as we've
managed through this part of the crisis, particularly in North America. And as China has reopened, we've
been generating higher margins versus last year across channels.

We have stated increasing AUR and driving margin -- healthy margins as a priority in the past, and our
focus continues to be there. And longer term, we expect to continue to drive higher AURs based on being
closer to the customer and driving innovation in our product. I think short to medium term, it's really
about managing our inventories and responding appropriately to the environment.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Simeon Siegel of BMO Capital.

Simeon Avram Siegel
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

I hope everyone is doing okay through all this. Just given the economic landscape, can you remind us
what percent of domestic store sales and locations are within maybe enclosed malls versus off-mall?

And then, Jide, this might just be the wrong time for this question, but you did mention the benefits of
being a well-capitalized brand throughout all of this. Can you just talk about -- recognizing defense is
important. Talk about the offense the opportunities you mentioned to grab share, whether it's the existing
brands, but maybe any other color you see if you're looking at other brands within that, that are not as
well capitalized.

Jide J. Zeitlin
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Todd, you know the response on the malls.

Todd Kahn
President, Chief Admin Officer & Company Secretary

Directionally, you can think about half the malls being outdoor malls and about half the malls being
enclosed malls when you look at the total North America fleet.

Jide J. Zeitlin
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Great. Thanks, Todd. So I'll take a slightly more expansive kind of response to your question about where
we find ourselves and how we take advantage of being in a relatively strong position. And I'll go back to
some comments that Joanne made earlier. But there really are 3 phases to both weathering the storm and
then emerging strong. And really, the first is to -- there's an expression that they use in India that I'm
fond of. It's "do the needful", right? So to rightsize our costs and make sure that our costs are really in
line with the current scale of our business. And we're clearly doing that, have been doing that for some
time. We'll continue to stay focused on that.

Second is to rebuild, rethink core aspects of our operating model. And so is -- and we have the benefit,
and we didn't know it at the time, of having begun rethinking our growth model 6, 8 months before
COVID-19 hit. And so our ability to really be very thoughtful and deliberate about increasing our focus
on the consumer, investing in systems to better connect with that consumer to understand where she is
traveling to really, as we've talked a lot about on this call about the -- about digital and being on the front
end of that using data or knowledge to really drive, proactively drive decisions and having an organization
that's much more agile in terms of how it makes decisions and in terms of the culture. And our sense is
that our relative strength allows us to hold 2 thoughts in our minds at the same time. One is to take the
immediate, really firm steps that need to get taken on the cost side in terms of our business. But two, is
to really be thinking going forward and to be making very surgical investments in areas going forward.

And that then allows you to get into a third phase, which ultimately is what I'll call the flywheel, right,
where you really have this exceptional business model. And as we've said internally and really looked at
where we're likely to go, our sense is that coming out of this extraordinary period, having taken the steps
that we've already taken and positioning ourselves to continue to work forward, particularly on our growth
agenda, we'll be in a position where we've got really healthy margins. And margins in many ways, frankly,
that look more like the historical Coach business did in its best years and real operating leverage in the
business going forward. And that's part of the luxury that our position affords us as opposed to some of
our peers who may only be able to focus on the first part of that, on just rightsizing their costs and not
thinking as much forward, both because they may not have had the benefit of beginning to think through
some of those issues 6, 8 months ago, but also because they may not have the wherewithal to make
those investments going forward or those clearly in a very surgical way.

Operator

Our final question today will come from the line of Michael Binetti of Crédit Suisse.

Michael Charles Binetti
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I'll add my hope that everybody is doing well. Joanne, just a couple of modeling questions. Real quickly,
the gross margin, all told was fairly stable in the quarter, just some mix that you pointed to. I'm
wondering if you think it's bottomed in the third quarter given the abrupt nature of the start of the
shutdown. You said fourth quarter, the mix shifts back in your favor from North America being lower.
Maybe some thoughts on how markdown will start to phase in. I'm guessing that's a bigger drag in 4Q. So
I don't know if that's bottomed.

And then same question on the SG&A. You mentioned -- I'm wondering if the deleverage gets worse
before it gets better or not because you have more ability to proactively manage costs in the fourth
quarter.

Joanne C. Crevoiserat
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Thanks, Michael. From a modeling perspective, as I mentioned, the most significant impact to the
gross margin rate is the store closures and the relative penetration of our geographic regions to our
total. And as I mentioned in the third quarter, that worked against us with the international and China
penetration being so much lower. The North America stores being closed has the opposite impact on
the margin rate. Obviously, not an aspirational outcome. But it does have the impact of relative lower
penetration in North America driving a benefit to the margin rate. And that's what we would expect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

To your point, the other aspects of margin management were -- have been in line with our expectations,
and we expect that to continue. There is an expectation as we move into -- later into the year -- calendar
year, into the first part of our fiscal '21, that we will be navigating more headwinds from a promotional
environment. But as I mentioned, we're taking significant actions on inventory management to ensure
we're best positioned to navigate through that. So the way we see margin shaping up outside of the
significant geographic mix issues is mainly in line with our original projections.

From an SG&A management, we have been -- we are taking a rigorous approach on SG&A. And frankly,
everything is on the table. I think we covered in our notes some actions that we have taken. Some of
which start in the fourth quarter, some actions will start July 1 at the beginning of our fiscal year. I think
we've talked about the previously -- we've mentioned previously the temporary reductions across our
salaries and compensation across our Board, management team and employees. We, on the other side of
that, have been in the fortunate position to be able to extend salary and benefits to our retail associates
through May 30. So those expenses and if that SG&A continues in Q4, should our stores be closed longer,
at that point, we would furlough -- we would be furloughing our retail associates.

Beyond that, we're addressing all aspects of SG&A. And as I mentioned, everything is on the table. We
expect to have lower overall SG&A, but it will not be enough to offset what we expect to be the top line
reductions in Q4. So we do expect significant deleverage in Q4.

Michael Charles Binetti
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. And then I know you guys have been generous of your time here. Jide, can I ask you 1 higher-
level question? I guess as we all take a breath and be thankful that we see a path to the stores reopening
at this point, I do have to ask, you and others will be reopening back into a recession. A lot of our
economists suggesting unemployment will be well into the double digits. Can you talk to anything
specifically that you're going to do to prepare to sell into that environment and into that consumer
mindset related to the budget as we do get reopened here?

Jide J. Zeitlin
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Sure. And one is to acknowledge that, clearly. And so as we think about the return, it's a slower rebound
than perhaps one has seen post other downturns. But that said, clearly a rebound and part of what we've
seen -- and sorry to mention it yet again, but what we've seen through our digital channels in recent
weeks and months is that there does continue -- despite what is clearly a severe economic downturn in
the west. What we see is continued demand and continued desire for our product. And so it really is a little
bit of a repeat of some of what Joanne has said. We've planned accordingly. So we're not planning for a
quick rebound, both in terms of how we think about our long-term cost structure and how we think about
where we make our investments.

But let's also recognize 2 things. Our experience in prior downturns is that our accessible luxury
positioning positions us extraordinarily well relative to the traditional European luxury players. So we think
there's a market share opportunity for us in the type of environment that you've just talked to.

And then we also believe, if you think about the balance in our business between retail and outlet, the
outlet business -- we think we provide extraordinary value across both of our businesses. However, the
outlet business is particularly value -- a value business. And so we think in many ways, yes, it will be a
subdued environment in all likelihood. But if there's a business, a set of brands that are well positioned for
that, we believe that our brands are exactly that.

Operator

That was our final question. I will now return the call to management for any additional or closing
comments.

Jide J. Zeitlin
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Absolutely. So I'll close this call by remembering a colleague that we at Tapestry lost this month to
COVID-19. He was a true craftsman who created beautiful product in our Coach leather goods workshop
here in New York City. He was described to me by one of his fellow craftsmen as a hard-working humble
man. He was our edge paint expert and very good at his job, always smiling and never any drama. And so
for me, that description is as honorable a way to live one's life as one could live: hard-working, humble,
expert. I'm proud to have been his colleague.

And so I thank each of you, our fellow stockholders, for entrusting us with your company during these
extraordinary and uncertain times. Thank you very much. Stay well, stay safe.

Operator
Thank you for participating in this Tapestry conference call. You may now disconnect your lines. And have
a wonderful day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

