Trane Technologies plc NYSE:TT
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, October 28, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.33

1.72

Revenue  (mm)

3144.89

3495.50

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-28-2020 1:39 PM GMT

29.32

11.15

0.85

3.88

4.79

2969.75

12092.35

12737.54

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

1.42

0.52

0.76

1.33

1.40

0.43

1.27

1.72

SURPRISE

(1.41 %)

(17.31 %)

67.11 %

29.32 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Christopher J. Kuehn
Senior VP & CFO

David S. Regnery
President & COO

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Zachary A. Nagle
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Andrew Burris Obin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Charles Stephen Tusa
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

John Fred Walsh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the Trane Technologies Q3 2020 Earnings Conference Call. My name is
Mariama, and I will be your operator for the call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to
Zac Nagle, Vice President of Investor Relations.

Zachary A. Nagle
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, operator. Good morning, and thank you for joining us for Trane Technologies' Third Quarter 2020
Earnings Conference Call. This call is being webcast on our website at tranetechnologies.com where you'll
find the accompanying presentation. We are also recording and archiving this call on our website.

Please go to Slide 2. Statements made in today's call that are not historical facts are considered forward-
looking statements and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of federal securities law. Please
see our SEC filings for a description of some of the factors that may cause our actual results to differ
materially from anticipated results. This presentation also includes non-GAAP measures, which are
explained in the financial tables attached to our news release.

Joining me on today's call are Mike Lamach, Chairman and CEO; Dave Regnery, President and COO; and
Chris Kuehn, Senior Vice President and CFO.

With that, please go to Slide 3, and I'll turn the call over to Mike.

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Zac. And thanks, everyone, for joining us on today's call. Before we move into the details of
our third quarter results, I'd like to momentarily step back and provide broader perspective on the
unprecedented level of change we've seen around the world, both in business and in our daily lives, and
why this is particularly relevant for Trane Technologies.

At present, we appear to be seeing an acceleration of COVID-19 cases in most parts of the world,
particularly in the Northern Hemisphere. As the weather turns colder and more activities and time is spent
indoors, we are at a very critical phase in the course of this pandemic, and we can't let our guard down.
Proper hygiene, distancing and the wearing of masks will all remain critical defensive actions in order to
contain and eventually eliminate the spread of the virus.

Overall, our best estimate is that there is 1.7 trillion square feet of residential and nonresidential building
space in the world. Over 400 billion square feet of this represents nonresidential communal space.
Importantly, in developed economies, people spend on average of 90% of the day indoors, which
reinforces the need for healthy indoor environments.

Building owners, tenants and every occupant of an indoor space are certainly looking at the overall health
of the physical environment with a new sense of responsibility and concern, and there's no doubt, all will
be contemplating and taking some action to renew or bring indoor spaces to better overall air quality
standards. Systemic holistic actions to assess and improve the health and safety of indoor environments is
paramount right now and requires an industry-wide response for support.

Over the past quarter, we formed a Center for Healthy and Efficient Spaces, modeled after the Center for
Energy Efficiency and Sustainability that we formed over a decade ago to convene internal and external
experts to collaborate and deliver innovation, thought leadership, market education and communication
and enhance the policies and standards required to meet the present and future challenges we're all
facing.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

HVAC systems already drive 40% or more of a building's total electricity demand. However, we know that
many indoor air quality strategies and enhancements can have a negative impact of further increasing
building electrical demand by 15% to 40%. This represents a significant challenge for energy efficiency,
energy costs for owners. So as we help raise the overall indoor air quality of spaces, it is critical that we
find additional ways to mitigate the economic impact to our customers through the implementation of
more efficient systems, controls and broad-based energy conservation measures that we can take on their
behalf, which is critical to offsetting the unintended consequences of increasing overall carbon emissions
through HVAC systems' energy demand.

At Trane Technologies, we want to be part of creating a better new normal. We will challenge the
status quo to create a new normal where communities thrive, where quality is foundational and where
the environment is protected for future generations. We're putting a stake in the ground that Trane
Technologies will lead by example by setting historic and ambitious commitments and taking action to
change our company, our industry and the world.

Our Gigaton Challenge commits to reducing our customers' carbon emissions by 1 giga ton, or 1 billion
metric tons by the year 2030. To give you an idea of size and scale, that's equivalent to about 2% of the
world's annual emissions. That's just our company alone. As other companies join us, we can bend the
curve on global warming.

We're also committed to creating opportunity for all with the goal to achieve gender parity and leadership
by 2030 and racial and ethnic diversity that is reflective of our communities.

Our transformation plan for Trane Technologies is another example of how we're creating a new, better
normal for our team, customers and shareholders, executing against the new blueprint that culminated in
May after approximately 1 year of analysis and planning. Setting needs and other bold plans in action, our
talented team around the world has exhibited all the commitment and passion for change that has marked
our last decade.

Our goal is simple, to create a new normal where opportunity is accessible for all, where healthy food,
water and medicines are moved to people who need them, where emissions turned down and blue sky's
turned up. Our business sits right at the intersection of making those things happen. With our unique
positioning as a focused climate innovator, transformed and fit-for-purpose, we can tackle these pressing
and complex challenges and drive differentiated returns for shareholders.

Moving to Slide 4. As everyone listening to this call today can attest, the global COVID-19 pandemic
continues to present ongoing challenges to virtually every aspect of our daily lives. As much progress as
we've made, the questions we are all contemplating months ago regarding the depth and duration of the
downturn and the speed and shape of the recovery are still very much with us. While there are several
promising vaccines in process, timing, availability and mass distribution capabilities that might radically
change the trajectory of the pandemic remain open questions.

Despite these ongoing challenges, our teams remain focused and agile, effectively navigating an
evolving landscape to meet the needs of our customers in order to deliver strong financial results for our
shareholders in the third quarter. We outperformed our end markets broadly, delivering strong bookings
growth, positive revenue growth, robust margin expansion, strong EPS growth and exceptional free cash
flow.

Continued strong performance gives us confidence to once again raise our outlook for 2020 revenues and
leverage, along with that, for raising our outlook for operating income and EBITDA as well. Not only do
we expect our current outlook for 2020 revenues of down roughly 6% to significantly outperform our prior
outlook of down 10% to 15%, we also expect to see some improvement in the fourth quarter as well.
Assuming the current course and speed of the global economic recovery, we now expect the fourth quarter
revenues to be down just 5% despite tough comps for our North American HVAC business and continued
weakness in global transport markets.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Additionally, we have improved outlook for deleverage in quarter 4 and 2020 to better than gross margin
levels based on expectations for continued strong execution. Our prior outlook was for gross margin
deleverage in the low 30% range for 2020.

We continue to take aggressive actions to emerge stronger and to thrive as business conditions improve
and new opportunities develop. We maintained high levels of business reinvestment and innovation and
growth programs throughout the third quarter, and we expect to further accelerate our investments in the
fourth quarter. We have a strong slate, high ROI projects in our core business as well as opportunities to
accelerate investments in new IAQ and cold chain storage solutions.

We set a course to accelerate our stranded cost and other fixed cost reduction initiatives in the first half
of the year in order to deliver more bottom line savings in both 2020 and 2021, and we are on track to
deliver these savings.

We remain at a very strong financial balance sheet and liquidity position and we're delivering strong free
cash flow in 2020. You'll recall we paused elements of our balanced capital allocation strategy through
the third quarter in favor of capital preservation and optionality. Exiting the third quarter, based on strong
performance and the current course speed of the global economic recovery, we're well positioned to bring
all elements of a balanced capital allocation strategy back into play at this time.

Our core strategy remains unchanged. Secular mega trends of energy efficiency and sustainability are
becoming more pressing every day. And these trends are now elevated with increasing need to ensure the
health and safety of the environments we work and live in.

We excel at addressing these megatrends and challenging what is possible for a sustainable world,
redefining a higher standard for what the world considers normal. This passion powers us forward to
deliver top-tier financial performance and differentiated returns for our shareholders.

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Dave to discuss our bookings and revenue performance in the quarter.
Dave?

David S. Regnery
President & COO

Thanks, Mike. Please go to Slide 5. Third quarter impact of the global pandemic drove further contraction
from 2019 levels in the majority of our key end markets. Despite these headwinds, our global teams
remain focused and agile and delivered positive revenue and 7% bookings growth in the quarter.

In the Americas, the economy is slowly progressing forward, but the situation remains tenuous. Our
Americas segment delivered growth in both bookings and revenue in the third quarter, up 8% in bookings
and 2% in revenues. In the Americas, our commercial HVAC business has remained resilient through
2020, with Q3 bookings down low single digits and revenue remaining flat with the prior year.

Services continue to outperform equipment but remain challenged by pandemic-specific downturn
impacts, primarily related to low building occupancy rates and other building closures related to ongoing
health and safety concerns. Our teams have been effective and efficient at adapting to the changing
landscape and capturing opportunities to outgrow market conditions in areas such as indoor air quality
assessments and services.

Strong performance in our Residential HVAC business enabled us to take advantage of strong growth in
both replacement and new construction markets in the third quarter. Residential bookings were up more
than 30% and revenues were up high-teens in the quarter. Backlog remains at record levels entering Q4.

Our transport refrigeration business outperformed the overall markets, which were down more than 30%
in the quarter. Revenues were down over 20%. Bookings were positive in the quarter, up low single digits.

Turning to EMEA. The overall EMEA market continues to be challenged, but teams continue to execute
well. EMEA delivered positive bookings growth of 6% in the quarter, with growth in both commercial HVAC
and transport refrigeration. Revenues again outgrew underlying market conditions, down 6% overall.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Commercial HVAC bookings were up high single digits, while revenues were down mid-single digits.
Services outperformed equipment but are still constrained by pandemic-specific downturn impacts noted
earlier.

EMEA transport bookings were positive in the quarter, up low single digits. Revenues were down high
single digits, outperforming the broader transport markets, which were down more than 20%.

Asia Pacific results continue to be mixed, with overall bookings down 5% and revenues down 2%. China
continues to show signs of relatively steady improvement, having made the most progress against the
pandemic. Growth in China was more than offset by declines in the rest of Asia, where a number of
countries have yet to turn the tide on the pandemic and begin on the path of recovery.

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Chris to discuss the results of our quarter in more detail.

Christopher J. Kuehn
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, Dave. Please turn to Slide 6. Dave provided a good overview of our revenues on the prior slide, so
I'll focus my comments on margins.

Adjusted EBITDA margins were strong, up 80 basis points, with operating leverage better than gross
margin rates. We delivered strong margin expansion through focused execution of our recession playbook
to adapt to evolving market conditions.

Productivity was very strong across the board in the quarter, reflecting strong execution and cost
containment, right-sized for the revenue declines we expected to see. Top line execution exceeded our
expectations heading into the quarter, which benefited margins given tight cost controls in each segment.
Price/cost remained positive in the quarter, while mix remained a significant headwind given steep
declines in Transport revenues in both the Americas and EMEA. We also maintained high levels of business
reinvestment and employee safety measures, innovation and technology.

Please turn to Slide 7. Turning to the regional segments. I'll once again focus my comments on margins as
Dave provided a good overview of revenues earlier.

In the Americas region, strong residential revenues, productivity, cost containment and price more than
offset headwinds from transport mix driving solid margin expansion. Similarly, the EMEA and Asia Pacific
regions delivered strong productivity and cost containment to improve margins versus 2019.

Please turn to Slide 8. We've consistently been able to raise our outlook for revenues and leverage from
our initial scenario view at the outset of the pandemic, and we are raising it once again, heading into
the fourth quarter of 2020. Assuming current course and speed of the global economic recovery, we now
expect 2020 revenues to come in down approximately 6% with better than gross margin deleverage.
This compares favorably to our prior outlook for 2020 revenues to be down 10% to 15%. We expect Q4
revenues to be down approximately 5%, with better than gross margin deleverage.

We continue to operate from a position of strength and intend to continue to play aggressive offense
through the downturn in order to emerge an even stronger company, post pandemic.

In terms of our outlook for Q4, we wanted to provide some additional items that may help with your
modeling. We operate a CapEx-light business model of 1% to 2% of revenues, and we are likely investing
on the lower end of that range for 2020. We expect free cash flow to remain strong and equal to or
greater than 125% of adjusted net earnings for 2020. Quarterly interest expense is expected to be
consistent at $62 million in the fourth quarter, our tax rate remains in the 19% to 20% range for 2020 and
lastly, our share count is expected to be approximately 243 million shares for 2020.

Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Dave to provide our market outlook. Dave?

David S. Regnery
President & COO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Thanks, Chris. Please turn to Slide #9. As we've highlighted, North America commercial HVAC has
significantly outperformed the broader markets through the third quarter through strong focus, agility
and execution. We're seeing high levels of interest in and strong conversion for comprehensive indoor air
quality assessments, and momentum in this space continues to build. The universe of opportunity is huge,
based on billions of installed square footage that could ultimately be evaluated and addressed, but the
opportunity is still early stages.

For Q4, we expect our North America commercial HVAC business to be down between 5% and 10%,
primarily driven by the extremely tough comps the business faces. Q4 2019 revenues were up nearly
20%, which is essentially equivalent to 2 years of 10% growth all in 1 year. Tough comps aside, our North
America commercial HVAC business remains healthy and resilient, and we expect backlog to be roughly
flat in 2020 versus the end of 2019, despite significant declines in the nonresidential markets in 2020.

Turning to residential. We saw record bookings in revenue in the third quarter, which puts us in a strong
backlog position entering the fourth quarter. Residential is still a book-and-turn business and it's unclear
how November or December will shake out at this point. So too early to call Q4 at this stage.

Turning to North America Transport. We're seeing some positive trends in freight rates and order
rates, and we're aligned with ACT that the overall transport market growth rates are likely to improve
sequentially from Q3 to Q4. ACT is calling for the market to be down roughly 20% in Q4. So we're
expecting continued headwinds for our North America Transport business in the quarter.

Turning to EMEA. The recovery continues to be relatively soft and country dependent. Some countries are
bracing for another round of restaurant and other venue lockdowns and border closures. It's too early to
call the recovery broadly in Europe and we'd expect both commercial HVAC and transport markets to be
challenging in Q4. Transport markets will be especially challenging as the market outlook calls for a 25%
decline in the fourth quarter, which will only be amplified by border and venue closures, should they occur
in parts of Europe.

Turning to Asia. We continue to be encouraged by the recovery in China, which we expect to have solid
growth in Q4. However, we expect to see similar results to the third quarter in the rest of Asia, in which
revenue declines more than offset growth in China.

Please turn to Slide #10. At the time we announced the industrial RMT transaction, we quickly mobilized
the transformation office to focus on streamlining our organization to remove $100 million of stranded
costs from the business by 2021. As Mike discussed earlier, we are on track to achieve $100 million in
2020 and $140 million in 2021. As we've discussed, we expect onetime expenses of approximately $100
million to $150 million to eliminate the stranded and other fixed costs. We have spent approximately $91
million year-to-date with $15 million in Q3.

Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Chris to discuss our balanced capital allocation strategy. Chris?

Christopher J. Kuehn
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, Dave. Please go to Slide #11. As Mike mentioned earlier, we paused on elements of our balanced
capital allocation strategy through the third quarter in favor of capital preservation and optionality. Exiting
the third quarter, based on our strong free cash flow generation and our current outlook, we're in a strong
position to bring all elements of our balanced capital allocation strategy back into play.

Our balanced capital allocation strategy is focused on consistently deploying excess cash to the
opportunities with the highest returns for shareholders. Despite economic conditions, we continue
to strengthen our core business with healthy levels of business investments in high-ROI technology,
innovation and operational excellence projects, which are vital to our continued growth, product leadership
and margin expansion.

We remain committed to maintaining a strong balance sheet that provides us with continued optionality as
our markets evolve. We have a long-standing commitment to a reliable, strong and growing dividend that
increases at or above the rate of earnings growth over time. We continue to pursue strategic M&A that

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

further improves the long-term shareholder returns, and we continue to see value in share repurchases
as the stock trades below our calculated intrinsic value. All in, we expect to consistently deploy 100% of
excess cash over time.

Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Dave and Mike to cover key investor topics of interest and the
close of the summary of key points.

David S. Regnery
President & COO

Thanks, Chris. Please go to Slide #13. Indoor air quality is generating tremendous interest in the market
and our pipeline for services and system enhancements is growing daily. Fundamentally, our customers
are turning to us for our unmatched expertise, direct service channel and remote monitoring services
to improve the safety of their buildings and build the confidence of their building occupants. We offer a
holistic, layered, fully customizable approach, which balances key contributors to indoor air quality with
energy intensity.

At this stage, we're seeing solid activity for more modest-sized projects aimed at immediately addressing
the most pressing challenges for reopening buildings. As Mike highlighted at the outset, we believe indoor
air quality represents a long-term secular tailwind for Trane Technologies, as businesses and consumers
alike have come to think differently about the health and safety of the air they breathe everywhere.

With an eye on the longer term, we launched our Center for Healthy and Efficient Spaces during the
quarter. The center is focused on driving long-term strategy and innovation within our business and
influencing the establishment of codes and adoption of standards in the built environment.

Please go to Slide #14. Another topic we know is on the minds of investors revolves around transport
markets in 2020 and 2021. For 2020, the North America market is expected to be down about 35%,
and our numbers clearly show we're outperforming the markets. The same applies for EMEA, where the
markets are expected to be down roughly 25% for 2020. We're on pace to outperform in EMEA as well.

Turning to 2021, we are positive on the markets and consistent with the market outlooks from ACT and
IHS, which calls for transport markets to be up approximately 31% in North America, and 11% in EMEA.

Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Mike for closing remarks. Mike?

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Please go to Slide 15. We've mentioned that we intend to hold an investor event in December, and we
firmed up what that event will be. We're looking at the morning of December 14, and we hope all of you
can join us. It should be a great event.

While the pandemic continues to present unprecedented challenges to visibility and how the markets will
evolve over the near to medium term, rather than conduct a traditional Investor Day with 3-year top line
and bottom line targets, we believe it'll be more concrete and constructive to talk about the things we
control, which are the transformational activities associated with the new Trane Technologies that we've
been working on for the past year.

We're going to take a couple of hours in the morning of the 14th to focus on the self-help story, as Trane
Technologies supports continued margin expansion and growth across our business that is not dependent
in our current end markets perform. We've touched on some of these we've been working on, and this
will be a deeper dive in order to provide investors with continued confidence in our margin expansion and
innovation story. This will be a virtual event given the current environment. We'll follow-up with additional
details on the event, but please be sure to save the date.

Please go to Slide 16. I believe it was Peter Drucker who said that culture eats strategy for breakfast,
and we couldn't agree more with that idea. The topic of what happens or changes with an organization's
culture has been top of mind for many these days and certainly for me.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

As we went through the very difficult work of the industrial separation and formation of the Reverse Morris
Trust, we blueprinted the new Trane Technologies and worked through and weather the impact of the
pandemic at this point, we've had plenty on our plate as a newly created Trane Technologies. I'm proud
to say that through all of this, the pride, energy and optimism that is emblematic of our culture has only
gotten stronger.

We recently received feedback from 90% of our associates globally, nearly 35,000 people in this year's
engagement survey with over 60,000 verbatim comments provided. The results were overwhelming. Our
engagement index achieved top quartile again of all companies, and improved year-over-year, with the
pride in our company, energy for what we do in the world and optimism about Trane Technologies' future
at the core of the feedback received. I'm proud of our people, our entire team and our shared inspiration
that one company can change an industry, and our industry can change the world.

As I said at the outset of the call, energy efficiency and sustainability megatrends are only growing
stronger as time passes. And fundamentally we excel, with these global megatrends and sustainability
intersect with our innovation and capabilities, which drives high demand for our products and services.

The increased focus on the health and safety of spaces and our holistic approach to helping our customers
navigate solutions to improve indoor air quality is another opportunity for Trane Technologies to make a
difference in the world. We've been investing heavily for years to build franchise brands and to advance
our leadership market positions to enable consistent, profitable growth and we intend to press our
advantage during this downturn to leverage our strong financial and competitive positioning and to invest
heavily in the future of Trane Technologies.

Our message to our investors is unambiguous. We are stepping up to the challenges of today and
tomorrow, and we'll never stand still, and we're certainly not going to slow down. Our results in the
marketplace are the ultimate barometer.

We're not only focused on relentless investments in innovation and growth, but investments in blueprinting
and transforming into a leaner, fit-for-purpose, pure-play company through the elimination of our stranded
costs and the execution of transformation initiatives that will fundamentally improve the margin profile of
the company over the long term.

Lastly, we remain committed to dynamic and balanced deployment of capital, and we have a strong track
record of both delivering strong free cash flow and deploying excess cash to deliver top-tier shareholder
returns over the years.
And with that, Chris, Dave and I will be happy to take your questions. Operator?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Julian Mitchell with Barclays.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Maybe just a first question around the commercial HVAC environment in the Americas. Because I suppose,
as you point out, the end market indicators, things like project starts, are down or weak. Your own backlog
you think is stable into year-end.

So when I think about that, would you think that the negative impact of those end market indicators and
starts, you're already moving past the worst of that? Or do you think that will hit your backlog early mid
next year? Or alternatively, there's just no real trend to call out because of COVID, you're just taking kind
of each quarter as it comes, and the market is just too choppy to call a trend line?

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Julian, it's probably a little bit too early to understand the trend line there. But remember that
probably 15%, 20% of our business is really affected by Dodge data that put in place data that you read,
and a lot more that is predicated on how we're doing with creating demand around retrofits and indoor air
quality. So I do think you're correct. I do think we exit the year relatively flat in terms of our backlog. And
based on everything that we've been through this past year, it's somewhat of an achievement to end with
a flat backlog.

So I think with the current course and speed going into '21, we've got enough strength, enough health in
many of our markets to have a decent year in '21 around growth.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

And then maybe just a follow-up question around the residential market. Any perspectives on what the
total market you think is doing this year, and the extent to which you think that sets a high or normal or
low bar for next year? And any updates on your thoughts on that replacement cycle in U.S. resi?

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Well, it's a strange year because demand was really shoved around, pushed around. I think everyone
went into a recession playbook. And a pandemic playbook is a bit different as people generally felt so
good about the jobs and investing in indoor air quality at home. And so you saw a drive toward not only
replacing systems, but even mix for us that went up versus down through that. So I don't think that, that
continues indefinitely. I think it begins to normalize probably in quarter 4, certainly in quarter 1.

The unique thing is we're moving in from what was really an extended peak season into really the build
that we would normally do in the fourth quarter and beginning of the first quarter for the traditional peak
season that we would see, the cooling season as well next year in '21.

So I think the best way to look at that is to look at 2020 as a bit of an anomaly and then I think we move
into a more normalized '21. Everything that we're seeing around the setup for '21 would be that we see a
little bit of growth in '21. But again, it's all predicated on the current course and speed of the economy and
certainly how people feel about employment and overall consumer confidence as we get further into the
end of '20 and then the early '21.

Of course, that business is really a book-and-turn business, and we were booking and turning everything
we could build in the fourth quarter. Our teams did an outstanding job about being able to meet the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

demand that we didn't forecast and get that turned into revenue and nice margin expansion for the
quarter. So I want to complement the execution there. But again, I think it normalizes.

Operator

Your next question comes from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Just back on the commercial question. The growth that you're seeing in services, I think you said low
single digit in the quarter. Is it your view that's a kind of a pretty steady run rate for the situation that
we're in? Or was it some catch-up from site access in Q2?

David S. Regnery
President & COO

Yes, Jeff. This is Dave, I'll start, and Mike and Chris can add on. But yes, we're very happy with our service
business, really globally. They've outperformed equipment despite the pandemic. And there's a lot of office
buildings that are still thinly occupied. There's a lot of buildings that are not occupied at all with closures.
We have schools that varies in degrees of when students are actually coming back. So despite all of that,
our service business is still growing and it's outperforming our equipment business.

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Yes, I'd say building availability is still a headwind. IAQ is certainly a tailwind. The net of that, I think, is
a positive setup for the Service business. And I would say that Service business was a great antidote to
a recession. Of course, pandemic is different in that if access to buildings is denied, it's tough to grow a
service business, but we're very busy on the IAQ front. And as buildings continue to open, there'll actually
be some deferred service, deferred maintenance that I would expect we'd see there as well.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

And then I'm wondering on the IAQ -- thanks for the additional framing of maybe the square footage. That
could be a target. But it sounds like it's still early days, as you note. But I think, Dave, you mentioned you
are starting to book some midsized projects.

Is there anything we can kind of glean there, like what that means, a midsized project would increase your
service opportunity and building XYZ by some percentage? Or just some kind of rough framework to kind
of get our head around the dollar opportunity here.

David S. Regnery
President & COO

Yes. I mean I would tell you that we continue to see strong customer demand and momentum in indoor air
quality, number one.

And just to take a step back, when we do an assessment, Jeff, it's not a check the box, right? These
assessments take hundreds of hours to complete, and we take a very holistic approach when we look at
the building. So we -- it's not just changing out one item within a system. It really has to be a systems
approach. Otherwise, you can make some very bad decisions for the end customer.

Our audits follow best practices, we ensure the building equipment is operating the way it was designed.
We then start looking at opportunities to improve the indoor air quality, whether that be on the filtration
side, whether that be on the fresh air exchange side. We also look at sensors to improve the humidity
levels, temperature, occupancy. That's all part of what we would do for our customers.

What we do is we lay out for our customers a very layered approach. So we'll tell the customer what we
will do on day 1, right, to get the building operating the best it can with the current assets in place. And

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

then we'll give them a road map for the future. And that road map could be, if they wanted to increase the
fresh air exchanges to a greater degree, they may need additional cooling capacity. It could be, as Mike
alluded to earlier, on the energy side, where there's energy projects that could actually reduce the tax that
we put on the building to bring the indoor air quality up.

When we say modest projects, we're talking about what we call day 1 projects, and that is, let's get your
building as healthy as we can get and with your current set of assets today, and then we'll give you that
road map for the future.

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Jeff, that's why I think it's a long-term play because everyone needs to do something right now. And then
ultimately, if the building wasn't designed to do what it needs to do or you're at system limitations of what
those standards should be or the building may have changed use over some period of time and never was
adapted, those are all necessary investments that need to be made.

One of the things that -- I just offer this because people on the phone here, just some advice on this.
The opposite of a holistic approach is sort of a point solution. And one of the point solutions that we're
seeing that's a little bit problematic is a lot of people have gone and just moved to really dense filter
medium. And what's happening there is you're not getting often enough airflow out of spaces. And if you
do that, you're actually making the situation worse at the ends of duct lines and buildings. And so you're
not getting the air changes per hour.

And in fact, the systems and fans may not have the capacity to support that. Then we're going back
in at that point and putting some math modeling around what's the maximum filter media you could
change; how do we impact that by maybe maximizing air exchanges; how do we get humidity for an
aerosol contaminant so it's a little bit heavier, falls faster; what can we use to kill it that wouldn't create
environmental problems for occupants. And those are all the things that, holistically, we try to put
together as well as the back-end energy conservation measures to mitigate the effect of all this.

Operator

Our next question comes from Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley.

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Mike, with some of these upgrades that are coming through, especially the holistic stuff around IAQ, I
appreciate kind of the global square footage numbers that you threw out there. And certainly, the size and
energy efficiency opportunity on the installed base is pretty large.

I think in the past, you've talked about, in the applied world, kind of that $1 of equipment and $5 of
parts and services through the lifespan. Any way to dimensionalize what these upgrades are worth in the
context of that dollar? Is it $0.10? Is it $0.90? Like just maybe give us a sense for how much these things
cost, relative to just full on purchasing a new system?

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Yes. For $1 spent in an applied system, it's a 30-year life cycle, we'd see a range of 8 to 12x that in terms
of the service and retrofit potential around that. So that's probably what you're referring to there, Josh.
And I think that's true. I think the urgency is probably on the front end to do something in terms of, Dave
explained, plan. And that plan has to be consistent with someone's overall financial capacity to execute the
plan.

We've got to work with customers to be able to do that. So Dave said, day 1, what are the mitigating
things we can do. Day 2 and beyond, what are the things that would need to have to happen in these
systems to really put them at a standard or a best-in-class.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

But I think also, too, as people look at buildings, particularly tenants and landlords trying to lease
buildings, there's going to be some tendency to be inquiring about this stuff, understanding to what
degree have you made modifications or what visibility needs to do to perform at a standard that should
be best and healthy for occupants. And so that's going to play into this as well. So I think we'll be busy
doing some asset planning for customers. And longer term, I think that it probably accelerates some of
the retrofits.

It will also have the impact of things that are in design and things that are not yet in design but will be
built in the future, probably built to a higher standard, not just the installed model standard, but the
maintenance standards as well. Because it's really critical, as you know that energy can drop -- as an
example, from model to actual, it can drop 30% in a matter of just a couple of years through customers
overriding system points.

This is analogous to that, right? You can do all this great work around filters and outdoor air exchanges
and hampers and linkages. But if you're not maintaining that stuff, you fall back right to where you
were. So maintenance will be improved going forward, I think. As well as the ability to monitor the stuff
remotely because there's just so much out there to look at, you're going to have to do this digitally and
look for anomalies in the systems.

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Got it. That's helpful. And then just pivoting quickly over to the transport side of the house. Any sense for
what the opportunity could look like or any inquiries customers are making about vaccine distribution and
transportation there and the capacity that might be needed to support that?

David S. Regnery
President & COO

Yes. Josh, this is Dave. I'll take that. And just to take a step back, Thermo King business, we have a
complete line of products and services that is for the whole cold chain for distribution whether that's air,
truck, trailer, marine, rail, last mile, refrigerated containers.

There are several vaccines, I'm sure everyone is aware, that are being worked. Some are in Phase III
trials right now. It's unclear as to which will be first to market. And depending on the vaccine, they have
different temperature requirements for distribution. So it ranges from a deep freeze, which could be as
cold as minus 80 C, to frozen, which rewinds 10 C, to just like a pharmaceutical, which would be like 2 C.

The markets have sufficient capacity for trailer over the land. Where we see opportunities is really
in 3 spaces. One is in air, and we've been in the air business for decades. We have all the approved
certifications, whether it's FAA or ESA, which is the equivalent in Europe. We also see some opportunities
in last-mile and we see a big opportunity in deep freeze cold storage.

And we just have a new product that we introduced there a few months ago. This is a product that in a
typical hospital, your deep freeze capability is really about the size of your refrigerator at home. And our
solution there is about 60x the volume that a deep freeze you'd find in a hospital could hold. So that's
going to be a big opportunity for Thermo King.

Who we're talking to? We're talking to pharma companies, distribution companies, 3PL, governments,
health care providers. We're talking to everyone, and we're going to be ready with a distribution solution
and storage solution when that time comes. And hopefully, it's soon when we start distributing vaccines.

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Anyway, we have -- the portable solution, it's got the 60x capacity of the current market capability.
It's still a mobile unit. When you pair that with our rental and logistics capability through our rental
businesses, we've got the opportunity to move these around as they need it.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

I'm really proud of the work the team did here to take every pharma manufacturer and vaccine work,
went around specifically around their requirements and exactly how the intensity these vaccines can be
packed and distributed. But also understanding exactly what their supply chain looks like and where the
break points could be in the cold chain so that we can map out the capacities for every pharma company
going through every distribution model, all the way through a CVS or a Walmart, for example, here in the
U.S., about how people would eventually be inoculated.

So in doing that, it's allowed us to be able to look at constraints, look at capacities and make sure that
we're selling product with people that actually need it as opposed to just selling product into capacities
that may not be required. That would be a real mess if that happened. And we're being very conscientious
about sort of observing that capacity to put into the best place.

Operator

Your next question comes from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

We're a long way from the dry ship R22 changes, if you remember those days, Mike?

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

That's right. And on to you, Steve.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

You don't have to. It's been nothing but up into the right. Congrats on continued execution, share gain, et
cetera. On just thinking about all this kind of air quality stuff and the opportunity. I mean what needs to
come together from your perspective as a catalyst to kind of unlock some of this?

I mean I think ASHRAE is very busy trying to kind of figure out standards, and you've got, obviously, the
messaging around the election around green new deals and ESG. I mean how fragmented is this -- right
now, it sounds very fragmented. What kind of brings it all together and kind of catalyzes customers do you
think to get kind of off the sidelines?

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

I think it just comes down to first, looking at the behavioral science behind all of this and what we, as
consumers and building occupants and building owners and tenants, think about space going forward. And
so it's not going to require somebody to kind of convene that into one demand or code of standard.

Although I think what will happen is initially, particularly in the developed economies, there'll be
immediate look-back to looking at buildings and whether or not they're operating at standards and then
what you do to mitigate that. I think it creates a step-up where codes don't exist or don't exist to the
stringent level of a standard, where those become implemented much more quickly than perhaps would
have happened.

But particularly for us, when you think about our nonresidential opportunity, which is the bulk of our global
business. We're really only in the res business, if you will, in the U.S. and Canada. If you think about that,
these are sophisticated building owners applied maybe more institutional critical systems, they got it. They
get it immediately, and they know to open a factory, a hospital, a university, a research center. They're
going to -- you have to be at least at whatever the best standard is. So I don't think anything actually
has to happen. Of course, anything that could happen that would create more focus on driving codes and
implementing them faster would be additive to that.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

So I mean, you think that even without that, that there's enough will to kind of fund some of these big
investments that would move beyond just something like that's ancillary at the margin for your business?

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Yes. If you think about even just again our nonres business being in the tens of billions of square feet that
we've got as an installed base, that's a great starting point. And in situations like this where you can't get
to everybody immediately right away, that's why, honestly, it has to be an industry response to solving
for 1.7 trillion square feet of space, you're going to go to the people that get it first and that want to do
something about it.

And so we're going to be selective about who we're talking to and how long we're talking to them before
somebody does something, right? It's a function of making sure that you disqualify opportunity as readily
you should qualify opportunities when you've got that much opportunity in front of you.

So we're going to spend our time prioritizing with the people that want to act on it quickly and making
sure that we're going to where the action will be taken, which of course, is going to drive outcomes for
health, and it's going to drive revenues for us.

Operator

Your next question comes from Scott Davis with Melius Research.

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

I'm going to collect a question this quarter. But when you think about the resi side, do you guys have any
visibility into how people are financing units, whether they -- once upon a time, I know home equity loans
were real popular, and then there were specialty finance companies, and then it was back to credit cards.
I'm just kind of curious to see what -- how people are paying for things now, if you've seen any change or
have visibility on that far down in the channel?

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I guess I'd start with U.S. savings rates quadrupled. I think in quarter 2 and in the first part of
quarter 3, we were sitting around 20% versus the 4%, 5% savings rate. People obviously aren't going out
and taking vacations and doing the things they were doing. So I think there is actually more capacity.

I also think that home values have increased and people feel that they're in pretty solid footing, at least,
at this point, around home values. So I think between savings rate, home equity lines that may be open,
that's the primary that we're seeing there. We're not hearing anything specifically about higher take rate
around financing.

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

Okay. That makes sense. I figured that was the answer, but you never know. It's a strange time. And then
the other question I have for you guys is just visibility on nonres in China and kind of looking out there. I
mean what are your local guys saying as far as project activity and things and general outlook?

David S. Regnery
President & COO

Yes. Scott, this is Dave. I'll take that. We're pretty happy with the growth rates that we're seeing right now
in China in our business. I think a lot of that comes back to the investments that we made 4 years ago
when we developed a direct sales force there. If you remember those days, we had -- we literally went out
and trained 300, 400 engineers to have a direct sales force to actually go talk to engineers and architects
and to help become the basis of design.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

So with that as a backdrop, what we're seeing strength in China is in data centers, electronics, pharma
and health care and those are areas that have a lot of activity. And we have weakness, obviously,
as well. Some of those spots would be office and retail. But overall, the team, and you heard Chris
say in the beginning, our team in China has done just an excellent job, and we're really proud of the
accomplishments.

Operator

Your next question comes from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs.

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

So my first question, guys, is just on just the resiliency of your service business in North America. I'd be
curious as you're thinking about 2021, whether it's how you've kind of contracted the business. How do
you expect that to look like in '21, particularly at a time now, obviously, where occupancy rates are a lot
lower in commercial buildings? I'm just wondering if there's any headwind to potentially think through as
we head into next year.

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I mean it probably helps to think about this a little bit of a bell curve as it relates to people that
are out of business or will be out of business and aren't coming back in business. And there's going to
be some space, obviously, some retail space as an example that, restaurants, that's going to be the
question. You've got people who are absolutely coming back and investing warehousing, data centers,
other businesses that relate to that.

But the folks in the middle that are going to come back, it's a matter of sort of time and maybe density for
how they pack and organize occupants and buildings. They're going to use the opportunity preopening to
mitigate as much as they can, right? I mean they have to mitigate the space in some way before people
return to the office.

And so we're sitting in North Carolina today, and we're communicating to our population, just as recently
as last week about our intentions, and we don't see people coming back into the office here unless they
need to, to do their work or they can and we've put these protocols in place. But we're not expecting
people to come back in at least until the early part of next year. And even that's up for grabs as it relates
to what the signs will tell us and case rates look like in the local community.

But having said that, we've gone through and taken enormous investment to get our space up beyond a
standard to have people feel comfortable coming back. And I think that you're seeing the bulk of the bell
curve being companies and landlords and tenants that are requiring some mitigation to take place now.
And so again, between not being able to get to some spaces and then the tailwind around providing some
mitigating activity for people who are going to be opening as well as providing services for the people that
are open, there's enough for us to do there, and I think, see some growth in services.

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got it. That's helpful, Mike. And maybe just my one follow-on question. Focusing on U.S. resi HVAC for
just a second. Clearly, the bookings growth has been really good, and you guys seemingly are taking some
share there.

I guess my question is, as we kind of switch into the cooler months with the furnace season, are there
any -- I guess do you have any supply constraints in delivering on the type of bookings growth that you're
experiencing? And then are there any issues to maybe think through as you kind of switch over into
furnace season?

David S. Regnery
President & COO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Yes, I'll take that. This is Dave. We're not seeing any constraints in our supply. I think if you go back to the
end of March, we reconfigured all of our factories and put the right safety protocols in place. We also have
a team that was working with our suppliers to ensure that they were able to provide us components. That
still is all in place. And right now, we have no constraints in front of us.

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I just would add that it is absolutely heroic efforts by our residential team, our manufacturing and
supply chain teams to make sure that we're able to respond to this demand because, again, this was not
predicted. We didn't see these volumes coming in a typical recession playbook. And this is a different set
of human behaviors happening here around how people think about indoor space at home. And the ability
to respond to that was really a lot of hard work by some great people out in the organization, getting it
done.

Operator

Our next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup.

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Nice quarter. Given the increased demand that you talked about for IAQ and service on the commercial
side as well as the strength you continue to see in residential, while I know you talked about expecting
a more normalized year in '21 in residential, are inventories generally across the respective channel still
relatively low? And does that give you more confidence in the relative end markets as you go into Q4 and
into 2021?

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Inventory levels coming out of Q2 were about half of what they needed to have been, right? So if you
think about 3 months, it's been kind of more typical. It might have been sitting at 6 weeks, and that drove
an incredible demand, yet we saw in June, July and August and really continued.

I would say, as an industry, it's been a bit hand to mouth. If you've got it, you probably could sell it. And
that certainly was the case for us. And really, again, SEER wasn't important. People were taking what they
could get and they were opting for higher SEER, if choices were available.

So really, I think it hasn't changed much. And again, this is why I think that you run right in from an
elongated cooling season in 2020, right into the normal build that we would have, basis what we think to
be '21 demand. And that's not normal. Usually, there's quite a long reaction between August, September
and, call it, December, January.

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

And then I'm sure we'll get into, as you said, margin targets in December. But when we look at your
adjusted margin in the quarter, that 16.7%, we obviously know that it's seasonally strong. But given the
mix of residential, hopefully some improvement in Thermo King that's likely to happen in '21, could we
actually see operating leverage continue to be higher than gross margin in '21? Is there any reason why
your longer-term target wouldn't be at or higher than the target you last gave us when you talked about
climate margin goals for 2020?

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I wouldn't set that as an expectation, Andy. I think that we always like to tell people that the
entitlement is probably 85 points shorter gross margin, giving us an opportunity to continue to really
innovate and invest in the business and make sure that we're staying up front and, of course, incremental

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

margins of 25% against margins that are 16%, 17%. It's all a good problem to have. And of course, we
want to raise gross margins over time. So that's a good thing to have happened.

Occasionally, it happens that we had great productivity in quarter 3 and excellent price versus material
inflation in quarter 3, and you can drive outsized leverage in a particular quarter. But in the long run, it's
best for investors to think about it the way that we're thinking about it, which is something close to gross
margins, leaving room for investment and some breakage around ideas that don't pan out. And that's the
way I would tell you to shape up '21 and beyond.

We're not creating a lot of headwinds going into '21. All of the hourly increases that we would have
given in terms of salary increases to hourly associates, happen like the one they would have in a normal
schedule. And then the delays and salary increases that we pushed out into '21, we brought back into '20,
right? So what you're seeing here is investment back in the salary increases.

And so the only sort of headwind probably, or tailwind, is how much really travel and entertainment we
would be doing in '21, as an example. And I think that, frankly, we're rethinking a lot of those things right
now as many companies are, about how much business travel, how much entertainment do we need to be
doing. And certainly, some will come back. But probably never at the levels or unlikely to get levels that
they were historically. So we're not setting up a situation in the reverse, which is really tough leverage
coming into '21. So I kind of ride in the middle and say 25 is a good number to think about.

Operator

Your next question comes from Andrew Obin with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

Andrew Burris Obin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Just a question. How has COVID changed your thinking about consolidation in the HVAC industry? And
do you think they're sort of rethinking as to what the setup should be longer term from a strategic
standpoint?

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Nothing has changed in my thinking or thought process around that. I mean COVID really didn't have
an impact on that. I mean obviously it's going to dislocate earnings between companies, but doesn't really
change long-term view towards that. It's likely something that could and should happen.

Broader on the M&A question, I think as we think about some of the things that we're doing around
the bolt-ons, you've got sellers that want to use 2019 EBITDAs. And of course, we, as a buyer, need to
understand the structural changes going forward and the future value of the cash flows that come from
that. Conversely, if we're looking at things that we're looking to acquire, that could be technologies that
are helpful in a pandemic, you've got seller expectations of break out EBITDA margins. And again, you got
to go back and structurally look at those for future cash flows.

But -- and then due diligence is a little bit tougher because most of that is, of course, remote now. And
that's not the best way to do due diligence. So other than that, it doesn't really change the long-term view
toward M&A or transformational M&A.

Andrew Burris Obin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

And just a follow-up question, sort of thinking about key verticals and specifically offices and institutional.
What are the conversations like with your customers about their ability to actually fund sort of the
upgrades or even fund normal activity into next year? Have you had those specific conversations?

David S. Regnery
President & COO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

We have, Andrew, this is Dave. And obviously, it depends on the customer. But that's why we've really
developed this whole layered approach in our audits. And we work with our customers to really say,
"Here's your day 1 opportunity to make your building healthy as it can be right now." And then we give
them options to improve going forward.

And some of that is -- I'll give you a real example. We had a customer the other day that wanted to
dramatically improve their fresh air exchanges, right, which makes sense from an indoor air quality
standpoint. Unfortunately, the way that building was designed, we would have to put additional cooling
capacity to make that happen. And what we worked out with that customer was, let's exchange into this
level, let's get this level today, let's put a PO in the system for additional cooling capacity, we'll deliver
that before the summer months hit in 2021, so your building is ready. That's a live example of what we're
finding with our customer base.

Operator

Your next question comes from John Walsh with Credit Suisse.

John Fred Walsh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I guess just 2 really quick ones. We took a stab at trying to actually size the indoor air quality TAM, for
education. We came up with $3 billion on public disclosures that are out there. We took some liberty
scaling that up to a number north of $30 billion for the entire opportunity.

Are we in the right ballpark as you're looking at it today? I appreciate you don't want to put a dollar
number on it. But does that sound right to you?

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Yes, John. I'll tell you, the first thing, if you talk about 1.7 trillion square feet of indoor space and 400
billion square feet of nonresidential space, the answer has got to be something in the Bs, right? So I don't
think you're off. It's just a matter of how does that play out. And my notion on this is a holistic layered
approach, mitigating and then offering solutions to improve going forward based on economic capacity of
somebody to go undertake some of these initiatives is probably a very long-term tailwind and a different
way to think about space going forward.

So it's probably not the size of the market that would be the question, it would be the timing. In my view,
it's going to be embedded in the growth rate for a very long time. How big is that growth, right? We still
don't know. We need to get more experience here as we go through this with our customers.

John Fred Walsh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Great. And it's the question we get, and you're actually talking to the customers, so would love to get your
perspective. But once we eventually get a vaccine announcement, do you think that actually slows any of
this investment down?

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

I don't because it's a vaccine for this virus, right? I mean there's vaccine for any virus. And frankly, the
reality around future pandemics, I think, is great and the fact that people do want to have the assured
piece of mind around indoor air quality, I don't think it changes.

I think it helps open the economy. And I think that, that has positive benefit. But I don't think it's going to
really change how people think about preparation. Just like generally, we used to think about hurricanes,
right, hitting Puerto Rico and the Gulf and how we've prepared for those things and are we prepared for
the aftermath of those things, both from a business continuity perspective, both from a health and welfare
of our people perspective.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

A pandemic, which is something that we had planned for overall health and wellness, we really, from
a business continuity perspective, have learned a lot about dealing with the pandemic. So I have to
mention, our playbooks are going to change for these pandemics. And those playbooks for all customers
are going to relate to the health of their space. A restaurants that's able to stay open because they put
in all these mitigating factors where transmission rates and kinds are lower because we've done that all
factored into a healthier economy, when, in fact, we have the next crisis.

Operator

This concludes the Q&A portion of today's call. I will now turn the call back over to Zachary Nagle for
closing remarks.

Zachary A. Nagle
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning. Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. Shane and I will be available as always
for questions today, and then obviously, over the coming days and weeks. And then please mark your
calendars for December 14 for our investor briefing. We'll do a deeper dive on Trane Technologies'
transformation. And that will be on the 14th with more details to follow. Thank you again, and have a
great day.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for joining. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

