Unum Group NYSE:UNM
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, May 05, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.38

1.35

(2.17 %)

1.28

5.37

5.66

Revenue  (mm)

3054.92

3015.10

(1.30 %)

3005.63

12129.40

12324.24

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-05-2020 10:30 AM GMT

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.35

1.38

1.39

1.38

1.36

1.36

1.41

1.35

0.74 %

(1.45 %)

1.44 %

(2.17 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

13

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
UNUM GROUP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Michael Quinn Simonds
Executive VP & COO

Peter G. O'Donnell
Executive Vice President of Unum
International

Richard Paul McKenney
President, CEO & Director

Steven Andrew Zabel
Executive VP & CFO

Thomas A. H. White
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

Timothy Gerald Arnold
Executive VP of Voluntary Benefits
& President of Colonial Life

ANALYSTS

Erik James Bass
Autonomous Research LLP

Humphrey Lee
Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Mark Douglas Hughes
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey,
Inc., Research Division

Ryan Joel Krueger
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Taylor Alexander Scott
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

UNUM GROUP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the Unum Group First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Today's
conference is being recorded.

And at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Tom White. Please go ahead.

Thomas A. H. White
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Savanna. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the First Quarter 2020 Earnings
Conference Call for Unum. Our remarks today will include forward-looking statements, which are
statements that are not of current or historical fact. As a result, actual results might differ materially from
results suggested by these forward-looking statements.

Information concerning factors that could cause results to differ appears in our filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission and are also located in the sections titled Cautionary statement regarding
forward-looking statements and Risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2019, and subsequent filings.

Our SEC filings can be found in the Investors section of our website at unum.com. I remind you that
statements in today's call speak only as the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to
publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements.

In the presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations of any non-GAAP
financial measures included in today's presentation can be found in our statistical supplement on our
website in the Investors section. So yesterday afternoon, Unum reported first quarter 2020 net income
of $161 million or $0.79 per diluted common share, compared to $280.9 million or $1.31 per diluted
common share in the first quarter of 2019.

Net income for the first quarter of 2020 included a net after-tax realized investment loss of $113.1 million.
Net income in the year ago first quarter included a net after-tax realized investment gain of $0.6 million.

As a reminder, net realized investment gains and losses include changes in the fair value of an embedded
derivative and a modified coinsurance arrangement, which resulted in an after-tax realized loss of $68.7
million in the first quarter 2020 and an after-tax realized gain of $4.4 million in the year ago quarter.
Therefore, the after-tax net realized investment loss from sales and credit losses totaled $44.4 million in
the first quarter of 2020.

So excluding these items, after-tax adjusted operating income in the first quarter of 2020 was $274.1
million or $1.35 per common diluted share, compared to $280.3 million or $1.31 per diluted common
share in the year ago quarter. Participating in this morning's conference call are Unum's President and
CEO, Rick McKenney; Chief Financial Officer, Steve Zabel; and Chief Operating Officer, Mike Simonds; as
well as Peter O'Donnell, who heads our international business, and Tim Arnold, who heads our Colonial Life
business.

And now I'll turn the call over to Rick for his opening comments. Rick?

Richard Paul McKenney
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, John, and good morning. As we talk to you today, we find ourselves in unprecedented times.
We have the backdrop of a good quarter, while we are seeing the emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic
and the resulting dramatic contraction of the economy.

The current environment has created multiple uncertainties for the world. As we work through it, it
reinforces the importance of Unum's corporate purpose, helping the working world thrive throughout life's

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

UNUM GROUP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

moments. While we are in one of those life's moments, I am very confident the Unum team is fulfilling our
purpose in these times and providing excellent service to people at time of need.

It is a powerful differentiator for our company. We have built a reputation of providing best-in-class
service, which only grows in importance in challenging times like these. I could not be more proud of the
way our teams have responded and are performing on behalf of our customers. We think we are still in the
early stages of the life cycle of this pandemic, and we don't yet have the full picture of how the expected
recovery will unfold.

Scenario planning, including stress testing of our portfolio, is part of our standard practices and ensures
we have a road map in place to take decisive action. We have a strong financial position, a seasoned
management team, which has successfully managed through stress scenarios in the past and a business
with the resilience to weather the storm and emerge stronger on the other side.

We have much to cover with you this morning, in addition to first quarter results. We'll provide an update
on the impact COVID-19 is having on our business, both in terms of what we saw in the first quarter and
how we see potential impacts playing out throughout the year.

This provides the basis for how we are positioning ourselves to manage through a variety of scenarios.
We'll also cover in detail the Maine Bureau of Insurance requirements to increase statutory reserves in our
long-term care block over the next several years, a move that will build additional margin over our best
estimate assumptions and should address some of the market's uncertainty related to this block.

But let me begin by discussing the health of our franchise and the important role that we play. We are
focused on delivering social value with the financial protection products and services we provide to
employers and their employees in the time of need.

Quality providers of employee benefits play a vital role at times like this, providing financial benefits to
millions of families at difficult times in their lives. The competitive differentiators we have outlined for you
in the past are more important than ever today and will remain important as we emerge from this crisis.

These advantages include: our excellent reputation with employee benefit decision-makers; superior
and consistent distribution reach; technology connections with digital capabilities, from the front-end
origination of new business to the servicing of claims and leaves; a disciplined risk management approach
to pricing and claims; and our people and culture, which have proven time and again to demonstrate
unwavering customer focus.

In addition, given our leadership role in employee benefits, our business is well diversified by geography,
industry and case size. These advantages are backed by our strong balance sheet, our capital position and
liquidity, which we'll cover in more detail this morning.

All this translates to strong core businesses with a track record of generating capital. We will continue to
build on these advantages by investing in the service capabilities, digital enhancements and organizational
structure, which underscore our commitment to our customers.

Turning to the real-time view of our business. The COVID-19 pandemic has necessitated many changes to
our workflows and processes over the past several weeks. Our emergency preparedness plans have served
us well, and we've successfully made the transition to working remotely for almost 99% of our people
within the first week of instituting a work-from-home policy.

I'm proud of the commitment, professionalism and resilience of our employees, who have maintained
consistent service levels for our customers and the can-do attitude of our teams throughout this transition
has been great to see.

As other companies, who are our customers, have gone home and adjusted their workforce, one
implication is that generating top line growth will be challenging. While the depth and duration of the
pandemic is still not yet known, we are planning for multiple scenarios, drawing insights from previous
stress situations, including the 2008 to 2009 recession. As part of our ongoing risk management and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

UNUM GROUP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

planning process, we have analyzed the potential impacts that a pandemic and resulting economic
slowdown could have on our business.

As an employee benefits and voluntary benefits provider, the level of employment and wages are the
building blocks on which we provide protections and, in turn, generate premium levels. As a leader for
many years in employee benefits, we have a well-diversified business profile.

While we expect pressure from decline in GDP and rising unemployment, these headwinds are buffered
by the fact that we have limited exposure to part-time workers and lower exposure to highly impacted
sectors, like discretionary retail, oil and gas and restaurants and entertainment.

One additional headwind to near-term growth comes from the difficulty in getting in front of -- that
benefits decision-makers and their ability to engage when most businesses are at home. From a risk
perspective, trends in new claim activity can vary by product line, with more pressure expected in short-
term disability and leave management, and lower levels of utilization in dental and vision.

Sadly, in this environment, we also need to think of elevated mortality rates, potentially negative for group
life depending on impacted age ranges, contrasted by claims cessation in long-term care and closed block
disability. From what we see in external data, even though the younger people do not -- do get sick, they
generally recover at a much greater rate.

This environment could also affect claim processing activity, where disruptions can occur as customers
navigate the current state of the health care systems. This potentially impacts the flow of documentation
required to file new claims, to gather support for people to return to work and to receive the level of care
required for some claim payments.

Given the overall dynamics, we have moved quickly to reallocate our resources and people to areas we
expect higher volumes, such as short-term disability claims and leave management, while maintaining
excellent service.

The last area to explore is the impact from a rapidly growing -- rapidly slowing economy and actions of the
federal government, particularly to how they impact our investment portfolio -- overall.

The declining interest rates we have seen continue to pressure portfolio yields and evaluations of
discount rates. This latest move down in rates impact segments of our business in varying ways. We have
historically managed our group blocks over time with our pricing strategies. Although our immediate focus
is to work with customers to retain them through the sharp downturn, over time, we will return to our
approach of managing interest rates through pricing.

Additionally, we actively manage and monitor the profile of our investment portfolio, which is comprised
largely of corporate credit. Over many years in different credit cycles, we have consistently shown
favorable default rates compared to the industry averages and have maintained a generally consistent
overall credit rating.

There are pressures on many corporate issuers at the moment, but as we evaluate name by name, we see
the portfolio continuing to perform in this environment. Based on these trends, our expectation is that the
second quarter could be challenging, with most stay at home orders remaining in place through May.

As these orders lift, we expect the environment to begin to slowly normalize. However, we simply do not
know today when that will occur or how long full recovery will take. Steve will discuss with you our view of
how all these influences will impact our earnings and capital plan over the course of the year.

Given the volatility all around us, we are not continuing to provide our outlook for the year. But today, we
will give you more color on the trends that we're seeing in recent weeks that we could see going forward
as well, which should help give you a sense of how we see the year playing out.

Bringing you back to the first quarter, our results were solid and generally consistent with our overall
expectations. We did see some pressure from the current environment later in the quarter, which will likely
continue into the second quarter. We'll highlight those trends throughout our discussion this morning.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

UNUM GROUP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

For the first quarter, after-tax adjusted operating earnings per share was $1.35 compared to $1.31 in
the year ago quarter, an increase of 3%. These results were driven by an increase in before-tax adjusted
operating income of almost 4% from Unum US, which offset slightly lower earnings in Colonial and weaker
results in Unum International.

Additionally, and on a positive note, after-tax statutory adjusted operating earnings, an important driver of
cash flow, were favorable, at $326 million, an increase of 46% over the year ago quarter. Our results also
reflect after-tax net realized investment losses from sales and credit losses of $44 million, which Steve will
cover in greater detail.

Looking at premiums, while we did experience year-over-year growth in premium income in our core
business segments of 2.5% in the first quarter, that is a slowdown from the pace we had seen in previous
quarters, which had been in the 4% to 5% range. With the exception of Unum UK, we saw marginal
declines in premium persistency as well as lower sales trends in our core businesses. Sales trends were
clearly more challenged in the month of March, and we anticipate this continuing into the second quarter.

Our anticipation is that persistency going forward will be stable on a case basis in traditional group, but
challenged in our voluntary benefits lines in smaller case business. Given all of this, we anticipate full year
premium income to be relatively flat to 2019.

Benefit ratios, generally speaking, were in line this quarter with the year ago quarter. We saw a favorable
year-over-year results across the Unum US product portfolio, while Colonial had a slight increase in its
benefit ratio and results in the International segment were more challenged.

Results in Closed Block long-term care were very favorable in the quarter, with an interest adjusted loss
ratio of 81% for the first quarter, well below our expected range of 85% to 90%, primarily driven by
mortality on disabled lives. This takes our loss ratio to 86.2% over the past 4 quarters.

Our capital metrics held in very well for the first quarter, with the RBC ratio in our U.S. traditional life
insurance companies at 365%. In cash at our holding companies of just over $1 billion, both in excess
of our targets, we expect to continue to meet our capital targets throughout the year, and we will not
repurchase shares in 2020 given the current environment.

One other important event this quarter is the announcement that the Maine Bureau of Insurance is
requiring us to establish additional statutory reserves for our long-term care block. This is the result of
Maine's financial exam of Unum Life of America, which includes a review of our long-term care reserves
by Maine's external consulting actuaries. We respectfully disagree with Maine's conclusion and see these
additional statutory reserves further increasing margin over our best estimate assumptions.

The added reserves will begin at the end of this year and will be added each year for 7 years. The amount
for 2020 is estimated by our actuaries to be within a range of $200 million to $250 million Steve will touch
on more of the details. We plan to fund these additional reserves for existing cash flows. In addition,
our business' capital generation has provided substantial financial flexibility to the company. We believe
that for 2020, we will continue to maintain our primary capital metrics in line with our targets, and we
anticipate maintaining our current shareholding dividend.

As we step back from the pandemic and look to the future, the products and services we provide have
never been more important to employers, employees and their families. While today's environment is
challenging and evolving rapidly, our business model has successfully navigated crises in the past, and I'm
confident it will do so again.

While growth rates for premium income and earnings may be impacted in the near term, we intend to act
decisively and continue to invest in our operations and expand into new areas where we can best leverage
our expertise and capabilities to capture growth opportunities as those opportunities reemerge. At the
same time, we'll remain disciplined on where and how we spend our money, being reflective of how the
current environment emerges.

Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic outbreak, with Mike Simonds' new role as Chief Operating Officer, we had
already begun work to transform our business model to ensure the proper alignment with the evolving

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

UNUM GROUP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

needs of the market as well as changes in our own business. We see this period of time as an opportunity
to advance that transformation and continue to look for improvements for our business model to better
serve our customers.

When we think about the long-term care Closed Block, we also see the announcement we are making
today, addressing concerns on our LTC business for the long-term, and doing so in a measured way. We
have a highly resilient franchise, with tremendous core businesses that have successfully grown and
maintained consistently strong margins over the last decade. We see ourselves getting through this period
of time with a reinforced purpose of a high-quality, highly connected employee benefits provider.

I'll now ask Steve to cover the details of the first quarter results. Steve?

Steven Andrew Zabel
Executive VP & CFO

Great. Thank you, Rick, and good morning, everyone. I want to cover first quarter results in more detail
and while doing so, give you some insights into what impacts we're seeing from the current business
environment and how that might play out in the second quarter and deeper into 2020. I'll also discuss
what trends we're seeing in the investment portfolio and the impacts we see it having on our capital
position. And then finally, I'll provide more details on the Maine LTC reserve review.

First, let me say that I feel good about the results we reported in the first quarter. Not only were the
results solid, but we're very pleased with the operational performance and productivity of our employees
in what has been a challenging environment. Over 99% of our people have been working from home
since the middle of March, and the adjustment has been very smooth, with customer service levels and
operating efficiency remaining quite good.

First, looking at Unum US premium growth for the first quarter was 1.7% year-over-year, but did show a
slowing rate of growth from previous quarters. The current sales environment is challenging, as evidenced
by the 15% decline in sales we had in the first quarter, with the slowdown in March continuing into April.

Persistency in Unum US was generally lower year-over-year, with more pressure in voluntary benefits
and the small case business. Case persistency in the mid and larger case blocks has not been materially
impacted. These will clearly be watch areas going forward. Claims trends were generally good and in line
with expectation, with improvement in the group disability benefit ratio to 73.2% from 74.7% a year ago,
driven by favorable recoveries in group LTD.

This offset higher group STD claims, which increased significantly in March, but have plateaued so far in
April. Keep in mind that STD claims are generally smaller in dollar amount, as they cover claim periods of
2 to 3 weeks on average. We saw favorable results in Group Life as well as supplemental and voluntary,
although we did see pressure on premium growth compared to previous quarters. Overall, it was a good
quarter for Unum US with strong -- with continued strong margins.

In the Colonial Life segment, premium income increased 3.7%, which is lower than the growth rates we
have seen in the past. This is not surprising, as we have seen pressure on sales and persistency trends,
which have continued through April.

The benefit ratio was slightly higher, at 52.4%, due to higher claims from the accident, sickness and
disability product lines. Overall, it was a solid quarter from an earnings perspective, but we're likely to see
continued pressure on top line growth, with lower sales and persistency. We don't expect to see a material
impact to claims trends from either COVID or the recession and, therefore, feel that benefit ratios will
continue to be relatively stable for Colonial.

Results in our International segment were weaker this quarter relative to last year's results and our
expectations. Premium income finished the quarter, with an increase of 6.9%, with positive sales and
persistency trends in the U.K. segment.

Benefit ratios in the U.K., however, were challenged, with higher claims in group critical illness and weaker
results in group disability, as it was more difficult to get necessary documentation and certification for

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

UNUM GROUP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

claim terminations, given the disruption in our customers' workplaces and the overburdened health care
system in the U.K. for COVID-19. We will be watching these trends as it pertains to all of our product lines
in the coming months.

Results from our Poland operation were very good, with strong year-over-year increase in adjusted
operating income. Poland is a small contributor to corporate results, but we are quite, quite pleased with
its performance.

Within the Closed Block, LTC had a very strong quarter. The interest adjusted loss ratio of 81% is the
lowest we reported since the reserve update in the third quarter of 2018. For the past 4 quarters, the
benefit ratio is 86.2%, well within the 85% to 90% range we expect over the long term as claim trends
are tracking in line with our revised assumptions.

The favorable results in the quarter were primarily driven by higher mortality experienced on the disabled
lives, which was really spread fairly evenly throughout the quarter and not just concentrated in March.
New claim incidents was in line with our expectations this quarter.

Net investment income for long-term care was negatively impacted by negative market value adjustments
of approximately $17 million on 2 perpetual preferred securities that are mark-to-market quarterly and
reported through net investment income, not as a part of realized investment gains or losses. Additionally,
miscellaneous investment income was higher than the year ago quarter and just slightly higher-than-
average for the Closed Block overall.

I should note that most of our alternative investments are allocated to the LTC investment portfolio. We
receive financial information on investments in partnerships, usually on a 1 quarter lag basis and expect to
recognize losses of approximately $40 million in the second quarter as we receive the financial statements
as of March 31 for these partnerships. This compares to a positive first quarter mark of approximately
$10 million. Also on long-term care, we had a very good quarter for rate increase approvals on in-force
business and now are slightly over 60% for our ultimate goal of $1.4 billion.

So far, we have not seen a slowdown in the regulatory review process for our requests due to COVID-19.
The Closed Disability Block produced an 84.5% interest adjusted benefit ratio, compared to 80.1% in the
year ago quarter, driven by the impact of a onetime reinsurance cost related to a small block of policies,
which also negatively impacted premium income.

Overall, we feel good with what we saw in the first quarter, with relatively minor impacts from COVID-
related claims. Unum US STD claims were higher in the quarter with some evidence of COVID, but in
April, we have seen that trend plateau. Unum US LTD claim trends have not exhibited much impact from
COVID and were favorable with good continued recovery trends, more than offsetting a slight increase in
incidents.

Overall mortality trends were generally favorable for the company, with stable experience in Unum US
Group Life and unusually elevated trends in the LTC Block, which have continued through April. We expect
that the larger watch area for us will be the impact to sales and persistency going forward and how could
impact future premium trends.

As Rick indicated, we are suspending our outlook for 2020, which previously called for growth of 4% to
7% in adjusted operating income per share. We feel it's appropriate to hold back at this time as we assess
the impact and duration of economic contraction.

As I said, we believe the impact of COVID will be much less about the claims related activity we'll
experience and more about the impact from the economy and significant increase in unemployment. As a
result, we now expect premium income growth to be approximately flat in 2020 compared to last year.

We believe that flexibility and agility will be critical in navigating the next several months. Accordingly, we
are closely watching several dynamics that will impact such parts of our business as sales and persistency,
the flow of information we need to process new claims and generate claim recoveries and impacts to the
investment portfolio. This information will help us decide what actions to take.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

UNUM GROUP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

I'd like to now turn to our investment portfolio and the trends we experienced in the first quarter.
Specifically, I'll outline what we experienced with ratings migrations and defaults and impairments within
the portfolio and the resulting impacts on capital.

In the first quarter, we had $336 million of downgrades of investment-grade securities to high-yield,
which contributed to the increase in our holdings of high-yield securities from 7.5% of our fixed maturity
securities at year-end 2019 to 8.2% at the end of the first quarter on an amortized cost basis. On a fair
value basis, the exposure was stable, at 6.6% of the portfolio.

This increase created an approximately $14 million increase to required capital, which impacted the first
quarter RBC ratio for our traditional U.S. Life Insurance companies by approximately 2 points, reflecting
in part the diversification benefit we have on such downgrades. In addition, we reported $44.4 million of
after-tax net realized investment losses from sales and credit losses in the quarter.

For the month of April, we have seen an additional $119 million of downgrades of investment-grade
securities to high yield. It appears that the fed's [ bazook ] of secondary market corporate credit facility
program is benefiting the credit markets, producing a tightening in spreads in many of these crossover
securities.

This program is providing needed liquidity as a high-yield market and opened the market for refinancing
opportunities for many of these companies in the upper tier of the market. Overall credit market
conditions in April have improved from March, though a significant strain on corporate America remains to
be worked through, and conditions remain difficult.

In our scenario analysis for 2020, we are assuming a base case assumption for defaults and impairments
of $85 million, with downgrades of investment-grade securities to below investment-grade of $1.6 billion,
including what we have experienced so far this year.

With this impact on the investment portfolio, we still expect to continue to meet our capital metric targets
for RBC and a holding company in liquidity throughout 2020. We have analyzed our portfolio thoroughly
and understand our exposures well. While some investors focus on our exposure to high-yield bonds, I
remind you that our exposures to other risk asset classes, such as equities, commercial mortgage loans,
CLOs, RMBS and many structured asset class categories are below peer company averages.

Additionally, our fixed income exposure to consumer cyclicals, which have been stressed due to COVID-
related shutdowns, is approximately 3% of the portfolio. Within this sector, we have no exposure to leisure
or lodging. Our holdings in other stressed industries, such as airlines, is minimal, at less than 0.25% of
1% the portfolio, and we do not have exposure to hotels or cruise lines.

The energy exposure of the portfolio at quarter end was 8.2% of total fixed maturity securities and
approximately 90% of these holdings were investment grade. Half of our holdings are midstream or
pipeline companies that are not as correlated to the price of oil. 18% of our holdings are in the large
integrated companies and only 2% of our holdings are in oilfield services companies that tend to be
most impacted by low oil prices. Additional detail on our energy holdings is included in our statistical
supplement and our supplemental filing.

We have a robust research process and review our portfolio on a bottoms-up individual credit basis. We
believe our portfolio is well positioned and evaluate our names based on their credit fundamentals. We
believe our portfolio will perform well compared to market trends as it did during the energy downturn in
2015.

Some interesting insights in our portfolio can be taken from a research piece that Fitch ratings published
in mid-April, outlining their bonds of top concern list. Their Tier 1 list of bonds of highest concern outlined
45 names, of which we held only 3 in our portfolio, totaling $49 million. All of these 3 securities are on our
current watch list and 2 were written down in the first quarter.

In their Tier 2 list, which included an additional 54 names, we held positions in only 3 names, with an
aggregate exposure of approximately $70 million. 2 of these names are on our watch list. This limited

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

UNUM GROUP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

exposure to these heightened risk names as outlined by Fitch, speaks to the quality of our research and
diligence in making long-term fixed income investment decisions.

Now returning to our capital position. We finished the first quarter with a risk-based capital ratio for our
traditional U.S. insurance companies, at 365%, above the 350% targeted level and holding company cash
at just above $1 billion, up from $863 million at year-end in 2019. We target maintaining holding company
cash at greater than 1x our fixed obligations, which is approximately $400 million.

I'll remind you, the $400 million of the current cash position is earmarked for the September maturity
of a similar amount and then the next debt maturity is in 2024. In addition, an important driver of our
capital position is after-tax statutory operating earnings in our traditional U.S. insurance companies, which
were quite strong in the first quarter, totaling $326.1 million, compared to $223.1 million in the year ago
quarter.

Now let me turn to the Maine Bureau of Insurance's financial examination that includes the target
examination of our Unum America LTC

reserves. As you saw in our release, Maine has concluded, based on their consulting actuaries' opinion,
that Unum America's LTC statutory reserves are deficient by $2.1 billion as of December 31, 2018.

Based on our comprehensive LTC assumption review in late 2018 and our subsequent experience, we
respectfully disagree with Maine's conclusion. However, given the position of our regulator, we have
reached a resolution with Maine to establish an additional $2.1 billion to our statutory reserves, which
Maine has allowed us to recognize over a 7-year period.

This strengthening will be accomplished by our actuaries incorporating explicitly agreed upon margins into
our existing assumptions for annual statutory reserve adequacy testing. The resulting increase in statutory
reserves will be primarily driven by adding more conservatism to assumptions related to 3 areas: those
being interest rates; length of morbidity improvement; and mortality related assumptions for older ages,
where experience data is less credible.

For interest rates, we are lowering the discount rate by approximately 50 basis points, reflecting a reduced
expectation for new money yields. We anticipate this assumption change will account for roughly half of
the reserve increase. For morbidity improvement, we shortened the period of improvement from 20 years
to 10 years and reflect a wearing off at older ages.

We estimate this change will account for approximately $400 million of additional reserves. Finally, the
majority of the remaining reserve increase reflects a more conservative view on assumptions related to
mortality in very old ages on both our active and disabled lives.

This is primarily for ages over 90, where experience is less credible and actual outcomes will not be known
for many years. By addressing these assumptions in this way, that is, by this amount over an extended
period of time, we believe we'll be addressing many of the market's primary questions related to this
block.

In addition, I think it is worth noting that during the examination, it was clear that Unum and the Maine
Bureau of Insurance shared similar views on a number of reserve related points. One such area of
agreement was that statutory reserves are expected to peak at approximately the same level and that our
new funding pattern will get us to that level more quickly.

There is no impact to our current GAAP reserve assumptions at this time, though we will continue to
review all of our assumptions on our normal annual cadence later this year through our reserve adequacy
testing process. We have done extensive modeling to look at our ability to fund these additional reserves.

We believe that even under a stress scenario brought on by the current economic downturn, that we'll be
able to fund it with our existing cash flows.

Our modeling suggests that we can maintain the current shareholder dividend and maintain the targeted
capital metrics of an RBC ratio above 350% and maintain holding company cash levels of at least one-time
fixed obligations.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

UNUM GROUP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

This modeling includes funding the extra LTC costs, absorbing a higher level of potential investment
impairments and reflecting the recessionary impact on our operating results. Finally, I'd also highlight the
book value per common share, excluding AOCI, as of March 31, 2020, was $49.28, an increase of 9.4%
over the year ago quarter.

Now I'll turn the call back to Rick for his closing comments and we'll look forward to your questions.

Richard Paul McKenney
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Steve. In closing, let me leave you with these thoughts. First, I would highlight the resilience of
our franchise through numerous economic and business cycles. Our core businesses have proven to be
solid growth generators, able to maintain strong margins and generate significant amounts of capital.

Second, we have a well-developed road map for managing through today's environment, with such proven
capabilities as interest rate management in our core business lines, our ability to manage the investment
portfolio through periods of stress, the consistency of our capital position and our ability to manage vital
aspects of our business, such as claims management, underwriting, and the management of our in-force
block through disciplined sales and renewals.

Third, over the past 1.5 years, our LTC Block has been thoroughly examined by several outside consulting
actuaries and state regulators. The reserve actions we announced today, we will, we believe, enable us to
address many of the market's uncertainties in a measured way, over an extended period of time.

And finally, over the past several decades, we have built and maintained excellent brands and a strong
reputation that benefits marketplace, which positions us well when the economy recovers. The team is
here to respond to your questions.
So I'll ask Savanna to begin the question-and-answer session. Savanna?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

UNUM GROUP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Ryan Krueger with KBW.

Ryan Joel Krueger
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Could you give us, I guess, maybe a more complete picture of what you'd expect for LTC capital uses,
I guess, going forward over the next several years when you take into account the new Maine reserve
additions, but also including New York and if there's any additional amount in the captive?

Steven Andrew Zabel
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Yes, great. Thanks, Ryan. Yes. So we've stated in the past, when we think about capital contributions
for LTC, that those go down to both Fairwind and First Unum.

We've mentioned in the past, over the last couple of years, those have been around $400 million, and we
would expect them to continue at that level grading down to $200 million. So those are the statements
we've made in the past. The resolution of the Maine exam will add to that. Those contributions will go
down to Fairwind to fund those reserves. We noted that, that was going to -- we thought that the reserve
increase would be between $200 million and $250 million in 2020.

Now take into account that there's some offsetting dynamics that will be going on in Fairwind around
the actual statutory earnings performance of that. The LTC portfolio had a pretty good first quarter on
a statutory basis because of the level of mortality we saw there, that there's also a tax benefit to those
reserves in Fairwind.

But that's pretty -- it's a pretty good number for 2020 as being additive to the guidance we've given in the
past.

Ryan Joel Krueger
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

And can you give any more color on, I guess, how this all came about with Maine? It's a fairly unusual
step to occur out of a financial examination. So any more color on how that's transpired and like how
involved the overall the NAIC was, or if it was more kind of Maine specific?

Steven Andrew Zabel
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So this was part of a routine financial exam. We're examined by all of our regulators on a 3- to 5-year
kind of rotating basis. As you can imagine, a focus of the exam was around our long-term care statutory
reserves. So there was a lot of focus placed on that.

Maine brought in their own outside actuarial consultant to perform the exam and then they reach their
conclusions. Those conclusions were agreed to by the other regulators in the country. So we view this as
being a final resolution for all states, not just Maine, as it relates to our Unum America reserves.

Operator

And we will take our next question from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Question first on how regulators are reacting to request for price increases in long-term care, given sort of
the weaker economy and rising unemployment and then I had another one as well.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

UNUM GROUP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Steven Andrew Zabel
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Jimmy, this is Steve. I'll take that one. We feel really good about our rate increase strategy and the
success we've had there. I mentioned in my comments, we're up to 60% against our GPV expectation of
$1.4 billion. That continued in the first quarter. We had a very strong first quarter approval levels.

And what we've seen so far in the second quarter is really no slowdown. We've seen really good
interaction with our state regulators. They're open for business. There's a lot of back and forth
communication. And so I would say, to date, we have not seen a material impact on any of our
interactions with the states as it relates to our rate increase program. So we're optimistic going forward.

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And then if you think about your sales, they were down, I think, 15% in the US business, 9% in Colonial.
I'm assuming most of that happened in March. And if that is the case, should we assume a significantly
larger decline for 2Q?

Richard Paul McKenney
President, CEO & Director

Mike, you want to take that?

Michael Quinn Simonds
Executive VP & COO

Sure. Yes. Thanks, Jim, for the question. And I think your read on it is accurate. So if you took a look at
where we were through the first 2 months of the quarter across most of our lines of business, particularly
here in the U.S., tracking roughly in line with expectations.

And then as we went through March, and certainly, the latter half of March and looking to close out that
quarter, which is pretty important from a sales point of view, we saw a precipitous decline there.

And I'd say, as we look through April, we continue to see significant pressure on proposal activity coming
in and feeling it most acutely in the small business market for not surprising reasons as well as voluntary
benefits, where a lot of our engagement is direct with the employee. And obviously, with many, many
businesses furloughing workers, closing and moving to remote, that's proved more problematic.

I'd say that decline has plateaued as we went through April and has actually started to slowly climb back.
I'd say, to give you a little bit of a sense, quote activity in April was kind of down in the 30% range, again,
most acutely in the small end of the market, which could drive a lot of that volume. Large case activity, for
the most part, have been in line with historical norms. In the large connectivity...

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Probably benefits from this? Right?

Richard Paul McKenney
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think persistency at the case level does tend to benefit if there's less movement between carriers,
the pressure obviously comes at the individual employee level. And so for lines like the voluntary benefit
line, we're going to see some pressure here in the second and third quarter.

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And then just lastly, on the Maine contribution, should we assume that in future periods, it will be in the
roughly $300 million range annually? Or is it more likely to fluctuate?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

UNUM GROUP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Steven Andrew Zabel
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think that's probably a good level just for planning. What-- we'll go through an annual process,
where we will roll forward the inventory of the block. We'll look at what the experience was for the block.
We'll apply these assumptions to our premium deficiency reserve testing. But for planning purposes, that's
probably not a bad place to be.

Operator

And our next question will come from Mark Hughes with SunTrust.

Mark Douglas Hughes
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

How do we think about that capital management when we think about the 2021 with these incremental
contributions in Maine? How much of your former kind of pace can you get back to?

Steven Andrew Zabel
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. When we look forward to 2021, obviously, there's a lot of variables that will play into that. As we've
mentioned, we did our stress testing on our capital plan for this year, incorporating what we thought
impairments were going to be on the portfolio as well as credit downgrades.

We'll have to see how that plays out for 2020. We do think that with the lower level of sales, we should
have a stronger statutory earnings, reflecting less statutory strain as we play out 2020, and we'll have
to see what that looks like. And then as you saw in the first quarter, we had very strong statutory results
overall.

So we'll have to look at how that plays out for the remainder of 2020. We did announce we're suspending
share buybacks for this year. That will provide some capital. And then the other thing to think about going
forward is we've been running about $400 million of capital contributions over the last couple of years
down to those subsidiaries.

That will start to grade down closer to $200 million x the agreement that we have now with Maine. So
going forward, that will help provide a little bit of leeway there as well as we go forward. But we'll have to
see how 2020 plays out, and then we'll assess at that point.

Mark Douglas Hughes
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

And then on the benefit ratio in Unum US, I think you'd said the STD range had plateaued into April. Could
you talk about what you might expect on the benefit ratio in the near-term here? And then also your
experience in the last recession, how that might play out over time?

Richard Paul McKenney
President, CEO & Director

It's a good question, Mark. Mike, you want to take that?

Michael Quinn Simonds
Executive VP & COO

Yes. Sure. So it was good first quarter from a group disability point of view. And Mark, I think, you got it
right.

LTD recovery performance was strong, and that more than offset some pressure on short-term disability.
And we did see the fully-insured short-term disability claims come in, COVID-related at an increased pace
at the end of the quarter. And then the first couple of weeks in April, as I think, Steve had earlier in the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

UNUM GROUP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

call, we did actually see those fully insured short-term disability claims plateau here in April. To give you a
sense, those are usually paying out a total benefit of an amount in the, say, $650 to $750 per claim range.

So it's really about just getting people some immediate dollars in their pockets, and we feel good, actually,
about the ability to kind of manage within the group disability loss ratios we've been talking about. 1Q is
probably a little bit favorable because some of those LTD recoveries. But being there in that 73, 74 kind of
range feels, at this point at least, reasonable.

A couple of watch areas. You highlighted one them, that would be the economic climate. So we looked
closely at the last 3 recessions, actually. And what we found generally is that there is a correlation to
disability incidents for social security, in particular, the private industry actually has a much more muted
correlation to unemployment, usually with a 1.5 year lag.

And then I'd say, Unum has been pretty successful at having even less of a correlation to the point where
there almost was none after the financial crisis. Now that doesn't suggest that there will be none in the
economic challenge that we're headed into, right now, but reasons, at least for optimism, you should think
about pretty disciplined underwriting approach and benefits management approach.

The second thing we'll watch pretty closely is just the more short-term impact of a lot of health care, very
appropriately focused on response to the crisis. So Steve mentioned a little bit of problems in the U.K.
just getting to the information that you need to adjudicate and people back to work. At this point, we're
managing through that pretty well here in the U.S., but we will watch that over the next couple of months
as well.

Operator

And our next question will come from Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs.

Taylor Alexander Scott
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

First question I had was just on the $2.1 billion, if you could kind of shed a little more light on the interest
rate piece of it. I know it was mentioned that it was as of year-end '18. I'm sure lower rates has been
contemplated to some degree, but rates are down 200 basis points at the 10-year level since then.

So I was just interested, like, how it works in terms of the rate assumption? Is it starting at the current
spot rate and grading up to some level? Any clarity you can give there would be helpful.

Steven Andrew Zabel
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Alex, this is Steve. I'll address that for you. Yes. So it's interesting. The effective date, the financial
statement effective date of the examination was 12/31/'18, just because of kind of the timing of when
they kicked off the exam.

But yes, we brought forward kind of how we thought about assumptions to more current levels, both the
experience in interest rate and just the market environment. So probably the best way to think about the
interest rate assumption is, first of all, there's no kind of regression to a longer-term rate. It's more of a
flat rate forever that's built into the new money assumption right now.

The other thing to think about is it's based more on short-term historical averages for the treasury and so
it would bring into kind of the market environment at the end of 2019. Now where we are now, obviously,
is a little bit lower than that, but it did roll forward the treasury rate environment to the end of '19.

And then it builds in just what our credit spreads, expected credit spreads would be for the types of
investments we invest in, based on our portfolio investment strategy. So the way to think about it is
somewhere in the high 4s for kind of an all-in new money yield.

Taylor Alexander Scott
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

UNUM GROUP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Got it. Okay. And then the follow-up question I had was, if you could just help us walk through how to
think about the statutory capital generation and then sort of sources and uses. I think in the past, you've
talked about -- I think it's like $1.1 to $1.2 of stat earnings. And I just want to think through -- so you've
got the 400 for the time being in Fairwind and First Unum, you've got this new reserve build to consider.

And then is there anything else we should be thinking about in terms of dividend coverage? And at what
point if you do start to see credit, if you start to see the credit environment deteriorating, would you take
a harder look at what you're doing with the common dividend?

Steven Andrew Zabel
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. No, great. So yes, I'll try to walk through all those pieces. So yes, our statutory capital generation, we
have about $1 billion right now of kind of traditional life company income. We pull off another $100 million
to $200 million of cash flows between investment management fees and other things from the operating
companies up to the holding company.

What we've seen so far this year is we had a really good first quarter of statutory earnings quarter. We
were right around $330 million. In essence, what that did is it helped pay for the impairments that we had
on a statutory basis. If you look at our income after the impact of impairments in the first quarter, it was
about $250 million. So really, we're right online to generate $1 billion of earnings. So we kind of feel like
we've paid in the first quarter for a lot of the impairments that we expect to see in our portfolio.

Then yes, you roll that forward to the end of the year. At the end of the year, we'll look at contributions
down to the subs. We were expecting somewhere in that $400 million level. This -- the Maine exam
resolution will be incremental to that. We talked about the range of the reserve increase. That will be
somewhat less just because of the impacts of taxes and other things going on in Fairwind. The one thing,
too, that I might note is it did become official recently that the NAIC has pushed off the implementation of
their C1 risk factor changes.

So that does also give us give us some cushion against what our original capital forecast was. And then
you layer in suspending share buybacks, and so that generates another $400 million. So we actually feel
pretty good, knowing what we know now, we're pretty confident in being able to hit our capital targets by
the end of the year, building in what we expect for downgrades.

I noted that we have about a $1.3 billion of downgrades built into that capital plan. And we did see some
of that in the first quarter. We've seen a little bit more in April I noted in my comments. But we're planning
for quite a bit of more and the increase in risk-based capital requirements that, that will entail.

Operator

Our next question will come from Erik Bass with Autonomous Research.

Erik James Bass
Autonomous Research LLP

Would you mind going into a bit more detail on your outlook for premiums across the different
business lines? Maybe also talk about how the outlook could differ, I guess, in this recession from prior
events, given that you have more voluntary benefits, maybe also what assumption you're using for
unemployment?

Richard Paul McKenney
President, CEO & Director

Do you want to take that, Mike?

Michael Quinn Simonds
Executive VP & COO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

UNUM GROUP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Yes, sure. Maybe I'll start a little bit and give you a an overview of what the group insurance lines look like
here in the U.S. and then Tim Arnold is on the phone, he can talk a little bit to voluntary. And Peter, if you
want to hit International very quickly.

And I'd say, we hit it a little bit at the beginning of the call, but I would say premium is going to be
pressured at the individual member level, most acutely in the small end of the market here and in the
voluntary lines. I think when we look at that and we look at muted sales, particularly here in the first half,
of the year, we would sort of be looking at a roughly flattish kind of premium number versus the kind of
mid-to lower single-digit growth that we would have otherwise been anticipating.

I think the good news for us is that we tend to be overweight sectors of the U.S. economy that are less
economically sensitive. So if you took things like retail, travel, leisure, which might be 20% of employment
here in the U.S., for our book of business, that's going to be about 8% of our total exposure. So as we
work our way through this downturn, I think we will be -- the impact on the book will be a bit more
muted.

Tim, do you want to talk a little bit about voluntary benefits?

Timothy Gerald Arnold
Executive VP of Voluntary Benefits & President of Colonial Life

Sure. Yes. Our models follow most of the economic models that we're seeing, where the second quarter
is going to be the most challenged quarter for growth and then recovery beginning in the third quarter
and building over the balance of the year. We are definitely seeing pressure from a sales and persistent
perspective for VB, both at Colonial Life and then Unum.

A couple of bright spots. So this environment, you've mentioned unemployment. And as we see
uninforming increasing, we are seeing actual improvement increases in agent recruiting. And over the last
3 to 4 years, we've been busy building a digital toolkit that is enabling many of our agents to continue
to be successful, even in a very challenging environment. So even though it's challenging, there's a few
bright spots on horizon.

Steven Andrew Zabel
Executive VP & CFO

Peter?

Peter G. O'Donnell
Executive Vice President of Unum International

Great. Thanks. Yes. So U.K. is slightly different than the U.S. So we're seeing a longer lead time in terms
of the impact on premium and sales. So actually, what this crisis has done is it's really reinforced to people
the value of our benefits.

So we're seeing persistency hold up well. We're still seeing our ability to get price and rate increases
through and that pipeline is helping -- helped in the first quarter, and I think it will help second quarter.
We do see the same trends that Mike and Tim talked about, so smaller business -- core business sales is
going to become quite challenging as we get into the second half and we come back online effectively as
an economy and businesses go back to work. So we'll definitely see some fallout there.

But overall, we still see premium growth driven by that rate and persistency in the year. Unemployment
here is going to go up from that 4% to 7% is the latest prediction. Clearly, it's hard to call exactly, but I
think we feel pretty good about where premiums are going at the moment, given the environment we're
in.

Erik James Bass
Autonomous Research LLP

And then if I could just ask one follow-up on that. I mean as we look towards 2021, I think this year,
people have made their benefit selections. So clearly, if you lose your job, that would affect kind of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

UNUM GROUP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

premium contributions. But do you expect any changes in kind of election behavior and what people may
do for their benefits going into future years or into 2021?

Thomas A. H. White
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Mike, do you want to give an insight on that?

Michael Quinn Simonds
Executive VP & COO

Yes. It's actually a really good and an important question. I'll just pick up on a point that Tim just made
that we're seeing across a number of our lines of business. So I think a reality that's emerging out of the
current pandemic is increased awareness, sensitivity and demand for basic financial protection. And across
the enterprise, that's really what we do.

And so -- where we are getting in front of folks and increasingly doing that through digital means. But
where we are getting in front of folks, we're seeing good continued take up. I think that's actually going to
play really well for us as we get to the fall, whereas businesses start to reopen, people get back into the
office and back to work, I think they're going to take with them this tailwind around the need for financial
protection.

I think the other place that we see it is actually at the client or at the employer. So think about the HR
person that's navigating the current situation. And what we're seeing, we actually just did some did some
outreach proactively through a survey to clients, is we're seeing it even for those clients that are needing
to furlough workers, nearly half of them are going to continue the payments on their voluntary benefits at
least for the first month or so.

So I think our clients are also seeing and feeling firsthand the importance of these benefits. So it's going
to be a challenging year, no doubt about it and over the next couple of quarters. But I think the long-term
impact is a very real one around reinforcing the importance of these benefits. And I'm optimistic about
how the fall enrollment cycle and headed into 2021, how take-up rates are going to go.

Richard Paul McKenney
President, CEO & Director

I think it's an important point, Erik, too. It's just when you think about the overall business model, so we
are withdrawing our outlook for the year. That's not about our business model. We actually think we'll
perform pretty well in this environment, given everything. It's just the noise in the environment around us
that's telling us that's probably the smart thing to do right now.

So I think what you would have heard through the course of today is the business model still works and
still provides key protections. People will need those protections, whether they go through a period of time
of evaluation. And at the same time, overall returns in our business, our ability to manage through these
periods of time, we feel pretty good about all that.

So I want to make sure you realize that our removal of the outlook is much more about the environment
than it is about our belief in the ability of our business model to perform through cycles.

Operator

And we will take our next question from Humphrey Lee with Dowling & Partners.

Humphrey Lee
Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC

The first one, just a clarification question for Steve. You mentioned that the Maine regulators agreeing
with you in terms of the peak reserves, but just essentially disagreeing on the timing of when to reach
that? Is that a -- is that right?

Steven Andrew Zabel

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

UNUM GROUP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Executive VP & CFO

Yes, that's right. So if you think about -- one key point in all this is when we talk about adjusting our
assumptions to create margin, it's in the assumptions that we use for a premium deficiency reserve. So
it's not the underlying statutory reserve assumptions. And as you might recall, our statutory reserves
grow at a faster rate than our best estimate.

So those were already planned to grow faster than our best estimate and then peak at a certain point.
With incorporating these new assumptions that Maine's prescribed to us, that's going to grow at a faster
rate, but it does peak at the same place, it just peaks several years prior to what we had anticipated in
our normal statutory reserve calculation.

Humphrey Lee
Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC

That's helpful. And then in terms of the capital contribution to Fairwind in New York, I think you mentioned
that -- you mentioned in the past that Maine has been in the $400 million range, but it will grade down to
$200 million over time. Does this change to how that grading pattern would be with this reserve build as
well, so that essentially it takes longer to get to the $200 million or it doesn't change?

Steven Andrew Zabel
Executive VP & CFO

No. I mean if you set aside our need to fund this additional reserve, that pattern would be the same. But
you can think about probably just layering this on top of that expected pattern.

Operator

And with no further questions, I'd like to turn it back to Rick McKenney for any additional or closing
remarks.

Richard Paul McKenney
President, CEO & Director

Great. Thank you, Savanna. I'd like to thank everybody -- thank you for taking the time to join us this
morning. Savanna, that now completes our first quarter 2020 earnings call. Thank you.

Operator
And this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

UNUM GROUP FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

